id,title,text,label
8841,ICE Arrests 61 Criminal Aliens in Nevada Roundup,"Immigration officials arrested 61 criminal aliens during a targeted operation in Nevada last week. Those arrested include foreign nationals convicted of armed robbery, sex crimes, child abuse, assault, domestic violence, drug offenses, and previously deported aliens. [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers carried out a   operation in Nevada. The goal of the targeted operation is to round up aliens with criminal records, prior deportation orders, illegal   and immigration fugitives, ICE officials said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas.  “ERO officers here in Nevada and around the country are focused first and foremost on using this agency’s unique tools and authorities to help keep our communities safe,” Nevada ERO Assistant Field Office Director Nikita Curry said in the statement. “Our enforcement efforts last week are representative of the work we’ve been doing and will continue to do. ” Ninety percent of the arrested aliens had records of criminal convictions, officials stated. These records include convictions for various sex crimes, drug offenses, domestic violence, armed robbery, drunk driving, and identity theft. One of those arrested, an Iranian national living in Carson City, Nevada, has a record for illegal drug trafficking. A Salvadoran man living in Reno’s record includes assault, battery, drug possession, and spousal battery, officials stated. Following is the list of crimes committed by 55 of the 61 aliens: *ICE Note: criminal aliens with multiple prior convictions are categorized based on their most serious conviction. The arrestees from last week’s operation include aliens from six different countries. Those include: Mexico (45) Guatemala (6) El Salvador (3) Samoa (2) Armenia (1) Cuba (1) Honduras (1) Iran (1) and Italy (1). ERO officers arrested these criminal aliens in Reno (25) Las Vegas (14) Sparks (5) Stead (4) Elko (3) Winnemucca (3) Lovelock (2) Truckee (2) Battle Mountain (1) Portola (1) and Sun Valley (1). Officials emphasized the operation targeted criminal aliens deemed to be a threat to public safety. The operation also targeted those who   the country illegally after being deported and immigration fugitives who previously received orders of removal from an immigration judge but failed to leave the country. ERO officers may immediately remove those individuals who illegally   the country after removal or who previously received orders of removal from an immigration judge, officials stated. Some of those may face prosecution for illegal   after removal  —   a felony punishable by up to 20 years in prison. Officials will process the remaining criminal aliens for deportation. Officials noted that during these targeted operations some individuals who only violated immigration laws might be picked up. Those cases are evaluated on a    basis to determine if the person is subject to removal. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
8842,"Once Trump takes office, he can enforce the National Defense Authorization Act for 2016 by detaining indefinitely, without trial, violent anti-Trump protesters who are domestic terrorists.","Derrick Broze November 13, 2015 
( ANTIMEDIA ) The annual military budget has been approved by U.S. lawmakers and is expected to be signed by President Obama, but what are we not being told? 
On Tuesday the U.S. Senate approved the latest version of the National Defense Authorization Act for 2016. Voting 91 to 3 last week, the Senate approved the revised bill, which includes $607 billion in defense spending as well as $5 billion in cuts. The bill then passed the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Obama vetoed the previous version of the bill because it would have limited the transfer of detainees from the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States. However, the new version of the bill retained provisions which will likely prevent Obama from keeping his promise to close Guantanamo. 
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he expects the president to sign the bill, stating , “That certainly does not reflect a change in our position, or the intensity of our position, about the need to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay.” 
Obama also battled Republicans, not over limiting the military budget and focusing on domestic programs, but over whether they were raising defense spending limits high enough. When you look closer at Obama’s actions, you see he is actually voting in line with the rest of the war hawks. He is not demanding military budget cuts, nor that the United States begin winding down the global American empire. In fact, President Obama is simply asking for yet more money to continue to launch wars of aggression based on lies and fear. 
Many of you may remember that President Obama had no problem signing the NDAA 2012, which legalized the indefinite detention of American citizens suspected of ties to terrorism. It should be noted that the indefinite detention provision is still contained in the NDAA, and has been approved by Congress and signed by President Obama every year since it first passed. 
So what’s hiding in the latest version? Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
The current edition of the NDAA will continue to ensure United States involvement in the conflict in eastern Ukraine by offering lethal aid to the Ukrainians fighting Russia in Crimea. Section 1250 of the Senate version , titled UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE , and will authorize $300,000,000 to “provide appropriate security assistance and intelligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine.” 
That same section also grants funds for “Lethal assistance such as anti-armor weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weapons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammunition, and small arms and ammunition.” Some of the weapons types the U.S. is offering to Ukraine include “Counter-artillery radars, including medium-range and long-range counter-artillery radars that can detect and locate long-range artillery, Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance systems and Cyber capabilities.” 
However, Ukraine will not be the only recipient of weapons funded by U.S. taxpayers. The U.S. Congress is happy to continue supporting conflict in Syria by funding so-called “moderate” rebels who are allegedly fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. All signs indicate the Syrian civil war has become another U.S.-led proxy war against Russia. 
Section 1225 of the Senate bill, titled MATTERS RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION , allocates resources for logistical support including “Defensive supportive fire, Intelligence, and Medical support.” 
While the media focused on the battle between the White House and Republicans, it completely failed to mention that all current proposed versions of the 2016 NDAA will continue the proxy war between the United States and Russia — which could potentially accelerate the push towards outright conflict.",0
8843,Verizon Announces New Name Brand for AOL and Yahoo: Oath - The New York Times,"Oath? Oof. That was largely the reaction on Monday to the news, reported by Business Insider, that Verizon plans to house two giants of the early days of the internet, AOL and Yahoo, under the new name Oath. Tim Armstrong, the head of Verizon’s AOL division, confirmed the announcement in a Twitter post on Monday afternoon: “Billion+ Consumers, 20+ Brands, Unstoppable Team. #TakeTheOath. Summer 2017. ” The brand will apply to the digital media division of Verizon after it buys Yahoo’s internet assets for $4. 48 billion, a deal that is expected to close by the end of June. But do not count the legacy brands out just yet: Yahoo, AOL and The Huffington Post will continue to exist and operate with their own names  —   under the Oath umbrella. Verizon has said that much of Yahoo’s value lies in its deep relationship with its customers, and services like Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Sports engender deep loyalty among users. Similarly, AOL. com and AOL Mail still have followings. But Oath will be a way for Verizon to present its family of digital content services to advertisers and other partners as a single entity. The company could also develop some new services under the Oath brand. Many greeted the announcement with bewilderment, with some suggesting that Oath sounded like the name of a heavy metal band. Others compared it to Tronc, last year’s largely panned rebrand of Tribune Publishing, the company behind The Chicago Tribune, The Los Angeles Times and several other major daily newspapers. TechCrunch, the Silicon Valley news site, summed up the general confusion in the headline of a post about the announcement: “Yahoo + AOL = Oath, for some reason,” it read.",0
8844,New York Times Editor Won’t Use Term Female Genital Mutilation: ‘Culturally Loaded’ and Divides People - Breitbart,"The health and science editor at the New York Times told a reader in the newspaper’s “mailbag” feature that she decided not to use the term “female genital mutilation” because it is a “culturally loaded” term that widens the “gulf” between the West and the countries where the abuse is practiced. [“I never minced words in describing exactly what form of cutting was involved, and there are many gradations of severity, and the terrible damage it did, and stayed away from the euphemistic circumcision, but chose to use the less culturally loaded term, genital cutting,” Dugger wrote in response to a reader’s question about the semantics.  Dugger said she made the decision following a trip to Africa in the 1990s. “There’s a gulf between the Western (and some African) advocates who campaign against the practice and the people who follow the rite, and I felt the language used widened that chasm,” Dugger said. The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) said that some 200 million girls “alive today” are believed to have suffered the abuse, according to the FAQ portion of its website. “The term ‘female genital mutilation’ is used by a wide range of women’s health and human rights organizations,” the UN website states. “It establishes a clear distinction from male circumcision. Use of the word “mutilation” also emphasizes the gravity of the act and reinforces that the practice is a violation of women’s and girls’ basic human rights. “This expression gained support in the late 1970s, and since 1994, it has been used in several United Nations conference documents and has served as a policy and advocacy tool. ” The website text notes that “female genital cutting” was introduced in the late 1990s because of “concern that communities could find the term ‘mutilation,’ demeaning, or that it could imply that parents or practitioners perform this procedure maliciously. ” In recent days three arrests were made in Detroit where two physicians and one physician’s wife are charged with performing the abuse on minor girls. The three suspects represent the first prosecution in the United States for the practice, which is common primarily in Muslim countries, particularly in Africa.",0
8845,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Amy Adams, Khloé Kardashian, And Neil deGrasse Tyson Have To Say","Email Ever wonder what’s on the mind of today’s most notable people? Well, don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ Halloween is an important day for me because it marks the anniversary of the first time I dressed up as a seahorse. ” —Amy Adams On Halloween “ Pretty much the only place I can escape the paparazzi these days is the mouth of a volcano. And then I’m dealing with lava, which I call ‘mountain paparazzi.’ So I am pretty stressed out most of the time. ” —Khloé Kardashian On fame “ A lot of people don’t know: The bed isn’t the reason chocolate melts when you’re in bed. It’s actually your hands holding the chocolate, squeezing it close to your chest while you read under the covers. Some part of the equation had to give. Eventually I decided that I get the floor, the chocolate gets the bed, and I get my chocolate. The perfect calculation. ” —Neil deGrasse Tyson",0
8846,"Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s Pick for Budget Director, Is Confirmed - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A divided Senate confirmed Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be President Trump’s budget director on Thursday, installing in his cabinet a fiscal hawk who will play a central role in the administration’s plans to reshape the federal government. Mr. Mulvaney was confirmed to lead the White House Office of Management and Budget by a vote of 51 to 49, narrowly making the cut over a unified front of Democrats, joined by Senator John McCain of Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee who accused Mr. Mulvaney of being antimilitary. Mr. McCain was angered by Mr. Mulvaney’s support for firm spending limits on the Defense Department. “I will vote to oppose Congressman Mulvaney’s nomination because it would be irresponsible to place the future of the defense budget in the hands of a person with such a record and judgment on national security,” Mr. McCain said. Mr. Mulvaney enters the job with a busy agenda, because the administration must prepare a budget and address raising the debt limit in the coming weeks. The Trump administration has also promised to roll out a tax plan in short order. Mr. Mulvaney’s views favoring drastic changes to Medicare and raising the eligibility age for Social Security put him at odds with Mr. Trump, who campaigned as the candidate who would protect those popular entitlement programs. Mr. Mulvaney was blamed by Democrats and some Republicans for orchestrating a government shutdown during the Obama era. His stands on spending may also clash with Mr. Trump’s promises of big, new investments in the military and infrastructure.",0
8847,4 Examples That Show The Globalists Are Losing Ground,"The media is beginning to demonize the manosphere and alt right. Twitter has suspended multiple accounts, such as Milo Yiannopoulos, Ricky Vaughn, and Matt Forney. The Guardian wrote a hit piece against the red pill . The media has called alt-right groups “xenophobic, racist, and misogynist,” despite not pointing to a single piece of evidence.
As anti-Trump rallies continue to rage across the nation, in New York City, Philadelphia, and Michigan, the media completely ignores all of the assaults occurring on Trump voters:

Despite the elites’ attempts to destroy us, we are, in fact, winning this battle. The reasons why are simple:
Truth is always more powerful than falsehood We are too numerous to be effectively silenced We don’t congregate on one single platform; we’re a collection of individuals based around an ideology We’re high energy, decisive, assertive, and confident men Below, I would like to offer the supporters of our causes some signs of hope. Victory is near, and Trump is going to lead the way.
1. George Soros Being Sued For $550 Million 
According to Breitbart , along with dozens of other alternative news sites, Dallas Police Department Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, is suing a multitude of individuals for inciting a race war:
George Soros Hillary Clinton Jesse Jackson Barrack Obama The New Black Panthers …and more Some individuals might claim that there’s no way someone can take on this collection of massively powerful and wealthy elites in a single lawsuit, and they may be right. However whether or not this lawsuit is successful, is completely irrelevant.
What matters far more, is that the word is starting to get out there. The President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, an extremely reputable organization, is taking steps to file a massive lawsuit against these individuals. This will, at the very least, do several things:
Potentially serve a massive blow to the globalists Show the elites that we will not back down Generate huge amounts of public awareness Show the average gun rights promoting, masculine, traditional American that they have our support. And best of all? The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, which means that the outcome will generally be good either way.
First of all, there’s a very high likelihood of them winning due to the case being handled in Texas, a highly conservative state. Second, in the event that the case doesn’t win, it will likely be pursued all the way to the Supreme Court. If this occurs, expect truly amazing things to happen. The reason why? The President of the United States is responsible for appointing Supreme Court judges—and guess who’s going to be President in two months?
2. The GrubHub Crash 
After Matt Maloney, CEO of the online food delivery service GrubHub, proclaimed in an email that if you agree with Trump’s politics you should resign, their stock dropped by nearly 10% in just a few days.
Since this time, in addition to his company’s stock tanking, he has received ample backlash on sites of all manner: from Twitter to Facebook to Reddit to independent blogs to major alt-right news centers.
This is what my fellow ROK contributors and manosphere bloggers were talking about when they mentioned the “tangible impact” of Trump voters. Hillary’s supporters lack the characteristics necessary to make change:
A burning passion and sense of purpose Moral fortitude and a sense of justice Self-confidence, and the courage to stand up for your rights A fucking spine This is why we will win, period. The anti-Trump crowd is based around having a massive entitlement complex, a victim complex, not thinking for yourself, and being a blind social sheep. Do people like this ever have ANY political or financial power in the world?
Of course not! Who do you think all of the hard working businessmen are? All of the entrepreneurs? All of the people investing in the stock market in order to take control of their financial future? Hard working, intelligent men, who don’t make excuses, obviously. And do you know what? These are the types of men that voted for Donald Trump.
Why do you think the Dow Jones Industrial Average is at an all time high? Because Trump’s win restored faith in America.
3. Rise of the New Media 
The mainstream media has repeatedly shown to be completely incompetent in regards to actually reporting on the issues; they are nothing more than a puppet show meant to distract, entertain, and brainwash the American public.
They have consistently lied about candidates, manipulated the evidence, falsified facts, skewed statistics and polls, and defamed multiple individuals for a mere political opinion; this will happen no longer.
With the rise of the new media, more and more men have begun establishing outlets across all platforms: Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Periscope, the list goes on and on.
I firmly believe that the next eight years will be looked back on by historians as one of the most important times in all of humanity’s time on this earth. 
America has brought the world stability; we have stood as a symbol and an ideal for other countries to follow. We are a monolith of free speech, bravery, and economic prosperity—and the elites have tried to destroy all of this to satisfy their greedy little egos.
The men of America will not have this. Over the past 8 years (*Cough* Obama’s Presidency *Cough*) we have seen an exponential increase in not only the quantity of alternative news outlets, but also the quality.
Sites that were merely blogs a few years ago have evolved into full-blown news syndicates with live reporting, on-site video footage, and actual news anchors. This is literally the people fighting back; we want freedom of speech, and we will have it.
While the mainstream media draws its final breath, they’re proclaiming that there’s this “new, radical white-nationalist group called the alt-right,” in an attempt to make us look like evil Fascists. In fact, I just had somebody threaten to kill me on Twitter , but was he banned? Of course not.
This repeated favoring of violent, mentally ill leftists makes it very clear what the MSM’s agenda is—total control and a complete suppression of our freedoms of speech. Sorry, but the alternative media isn’t going to let this happen.
4. Massive Boycotts of Anti-Trump Companies 
The left’s hypocrisy never ceases to amaze me. Somehow they can completely legally destroy an independent, family owned business for simply refusing to bake a gay couple a cake, but when Trump supporters simply boycott a multi-billion dollar conglomerate, we’re the ones that are hateful?
In response to several CEO’s statements regarding Trump’s “racism,” and “hate,” the men and women who voted for Donald Trump decided to simply boycott them. Despite this completely legal and anti-violent response, the left is up in arms.
Here is a list of companies whose CEO’s have been caught attacking Donald Trump and his pro-American policies:
PepsiCo (They own Pepsi, Lays, Mountain Dew, Starbucks, and More) Nabisco (Their brands include Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Ritz, and More) Netflix Macy’s Ben & Jerry’s Each and every single one of these companies has either spoken out against Trump directly, has refused to do business with Trump, or has moved factory production outside of the US (such as Nabisco, which has started moving production to Mexico). Some companies, such as Ben & Jerry’s, have even openly supported the terrorist movement Black Lives Matter .
Again, what do these actions signify in Trump supporters? Power. Assertiveness. Courage. A willingness to take action. This is why Donald Trump won—his supporters are grown ups, not little babies who want more safe spaces and anti-free speech zones.
When Donald Trump’s voters get oppressed by the biased, controlled media, or by elite globalists, they don’t whine or cry about it, they just do something. They protest and stop supporting companies that are shipping our jobs away. They speak out in a logical, rational way against the anger and hatred that the left has towards white men.
They take their lives into their own hands rather than relying on a stupid system that caters to cry babies and whiners. They take their health into their own hands, they take their finances into their own hands, and they take their relationships into their own hands.
They don’t wait around for someone else to do it for them—they get it done themselves. This is why Trump got into office, and this is why we’re going to make America great again.
Read More: 5 Ways To Start Fighting Back Against The Onslaught Of Liberalism 
",0
8849,Russian military ask Putin to resume bombings of Aleppo,"Russian military ask Putin to resume bombings of Aleppo   Russian military officials have asked President Vladimir Putin to resume air strikes against terrorists in the east of Aleppo, chief of the Main Operations Directorate of the General Staff, Lieutenant General Sergei Rudskoy said, RIA Novosti reports. ""The killings of civilians have not stopped, militants have resumed active hostilities against government forces, and we appealed to the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation requesting the resumption of air strikes on illegal armed groups in the east of Aleppo,"" the official said. On October 25, Rudskoy said that Russian and Syrian air forces would extend the moratorium on air strikes in Aleppo . According to him, terrorists have attacked the western part of the city 52 times in only three days of the humanitarian pause, killing 14 and wounding more than 50 people. The humanitarian pause continued in Aleppo on October 20-23, when local residents and militants were offered to leave the city. On October 21, Rudskoy said that terrorists had blocked and humanitarian corridors. UPDATE: Putin has refused to resume the bombings of Syria's Aleppo. His official spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that President Putin found it possible to continue the humanitarian pause in Aleppo. Pravda.Ru Russia says who can settle Aleppo conflict",0
8850,I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong. - The New York Times,"Until Nov. 8, 2016, historians of American politics shared a rough consensus about the rise of modern American conservatism. It told a respectable tale. By the end of World War II, the story goes, conservatives had become a scattered and obscure remnant, vanquished by the New Deal and the apparent reality that, as the critic Lionel Trilling wrote in 1950, liberalism was “not only the dominant but even the sole intellectual tradition. ” Year Zero was 1955, when William F. Buckley Jr. started National Review, the   magazine whose aim, Buckley explained, was to “articulate a position on world affairs which a conservative candidate can adhere to without fear of intellectual embarrassment or political surrealism. ” Buckley excommunicated the John Birch Society,   and supporters of the hyperindividualist Ayn Rand, and his cohort fused the diverse schools of conservative thinking  —   traditionalist philosophers, militant   libertarian economists  —   into a coherent ideology, one that eventually came to dominate American politics. I was one of the historians who helped forge this narrative. My first book, “Before the Storm,” was about the rise of Senator Barry Goldwater, the uncompromising National Review favorite whose refusal to exploit the violent backlash against civil rights, and whose bracingly idealistic devotion to the Constitution as he understood it  —   he called for Social Security to be made “voluntary”  —   led to his crushing defeat in the 1964 presidential election. Goldwater’s loss, far from dooming the American right, inspired a new generation of conservative activists to redouble their efforts, paving the way for the Reagan revolution. Educated whites in the prosperous metropolises of the New South sublimated the frenetic, violent anxieties that once marked race relations in their region into more palatable policy concerns about “stable housing values” and “quality local education,” backfooting liberals and transforming conservatives into mainstream champions of a set of positions with enormous appeal to the white American middle class. These were the factors, many historians concluded, that made America a “center right” nation. For better or for worse, politicians seeking to lead either party faced a new reality. Democrats had to honor the public’s distrust of activist government (as Bill Clinton did with his call for the “end of welfare as we know it”). Republicans, for their part, had to play the Buckley role of denouncing the political surrealism of the paranoid fringe (Mitt Romney’s furious backpedaling after joking, “No one’s ever asked to see my birth certificate”). Then the nation’s   birther ran for president. Trump’s campaign was surreal and an intellectual embarrassment, and political experts of all stripes told us he could never become president. That wasn’t how the story was supposed to end. National Review devoted an issue to writing Trump out of the conservative movement an editor there, Jonah Goldberg, even became a leader of the “Never Trump” crusade. But Trump won  —   and some conservative intellectuals embraced a man who exploited the same brutish energies that Buckley had supposedly banished. The professional guardians of America’s past, in short, had made a mistake. We advanced a narrative of the American right that was far too constricted to anticipate the rise of a man like Trump. Historians, of course, are not called upon to be seers. Our professional canons warn us against presentism  —   we are supposed to weigh the evidence of the past on its own terms  —   but at the same time, the questions we ask are conditioned by the present. That is, ultimately, what we are called upon to explain. Which poses a question: If Donald Trump is the latest chapter of conservatism’s story, might historians have been telling that story wrong? American historians’ relationship to conservatism itself has a troubled history. Even after Ronald Reagan’s   landslide in 1980, we paid little attention to the right: The central narrative of America’s political development was still believed to be the rise of the liberal state. But as Newt Gingrich’s   revolutionaries prepared to take over the House of Representatives in 1994, the scholar Alan Brinkley published an essay called “The Problem of American Conservatism” in The American Historical Review. American conservatism, Brinkley argued, “had been something of an orphan in historical scholarship,” and that was “coming to seem an    omission. ” The article inaugurated the boom in scholarship that brought us the story, now widely accepted, of conservatism’s triumphant rise. That story was in part a rejection of an older story. Until the 1990s, the most influential writer on the subject of the American right was Richard Hofstadter, a colleague of Trilling’s at Columbia University in the postwar years. Hofstadter was the leader of the “consensus” school of historians the “consensus” being Americans’ supposed agreement upon moderate liberalism as the nation’s natural governing philosophy. He didn’t take the   conservatives of his own time at all seriously. He called them “pseudoconservatives” and described, for instance, followers of the   Republican senator Joseph McCarthy as cranks who salved their “status anxiety” with conspiracy theories and bizarre panaceas. He named this attitude “the paranoid style in American politics” and, in an article published a month before Barry Goldwater’s presidential defeat, asked, “When, in all our history, has anyone with ideas so bizarre, so archaic, so   so remote from the basic American consensus, ever gone so far?” It was a strangely ahistoric question many of Goldwater’s ideas hewed closely to a   American distrust of statism that goes back all the way to the nation’s founding. It betokened too a certain willful blindness toward the evidence that was already emerging of a popular backlash against liberalism. Reagan’s gubernatorial victory in California two years later, followed by his two landslide presidential wins, made a mockery of Hofstadter. Historians seeking to grasp conservatism’s newly revealed mass appeal would have to take the movement on its own terms. That was my aim when I took up the subject in the late 1990s  —   and, even more explicitly, the aim of Lisa McGirr, now of Harvard University, whose 2001 book, “Suburban Warriors: The Origins of the New American Right,” became a cornerstone of the new literature. Instead of pronouncing upon conservatism from on high, as Hofstadter had, McGirr, a social historian, studied it from the ground up, attending respectfully to what activists understood themselves to be doing. What she found was “a highly educated and thoroughly modern group of men and women,” normal participants in the “bureaucratized world of   War II America. ” They built a “vibrant and remarkable political mobilization,” she wrote, in an effort to address political concerns that would soon be resonating nationwide  —   for instance, their anguish at “liberal permissiveness” about matters like rising crime rates and the teaching of sex education in public schools. But if Hofstadter was overly dismissive of how conservatives understood themselves, the new breed of historians at times proved too credulous. McGirr diligently played down the sheer bloodcurdling hysteria of conservatives during the period she was studying  —   for example, one California senator’s report in 1962 that he had received thousands of letters from constituents concerned about a rumor that Communist Chinese commandos were training in Mexico for an imminent invasion of San Diego. I sometimes made the same mistake. Writing about the movement that led to Goldwater’s 1964 Republican nomination, for instance, it never occurred to me to pay much attention to McCarthyism, even though McCarthy helped Goldwater win his Senate seat in 1952, and Goldwater supported McCarthy to the end. (As did William F. Buckley.) I was writing about the modern conservative movement, the one that led to Reagan, not about the brutish relics of a more gothic,   and supposedly incoherent reactionary era that preceded it. A few historians have provocatively followed a different intellectual path, avoiding both the bloodlessness of the new social historians and the psychologizing condescension of the old Hofstadter school. Foremost among them is Leo Ribuffo, a professor at George Washington University. Ribuffo’s surname announces his identity in the Dickensian style: Irascible, brilliant and deeply learned, he is one of the profession’s great rebuffers. He made his reputation with an   1983 study, “The Old Christian Right: The Protestant Far Right From the Great Depression to the Cold War,” and hasn’t published a proper book since  —   just a series of coruscating essays that frequently focus on what everyone else is getting wrong. In the 1994 issue of The American Historical Review that featured Alan Brinkley’s “The Problem of American Conservatism,” Ribuffo wrote a response contesting Brinkley’s contention, now commonplace, that Trilling was right about American conservatism’s shallow roots. Ribuffo argued that America’s   traditions were far more deeply rooted in the past, and far angrier, than most historians would acknowledge, citing a long list of examples from “regional suspicions of various metropolitan centers and the snobs who lived there” to “white racism institutionalized in slavery and segregation. ” After the election, Ribuffo told me that if he were to write a similar response today, he would call it, “Why Is There So Much Scholarship on ‘Conservatism,’ and Why Has It Left the Historical Profession So Obtuse About Trumpism?” One reason, as Ribuffo argues, is the conceptual error of identifying a discrete “modern conservative movement” in the first place. Another reason, though, is that historians of conservatism, like historians in general, tend to be liberal, and are prone to liberalism’s traditions of politesse. It’s no surprise that we are attracted to polite subjects like “colorblind conservatism” or William F. Buckley. Our work might have been less obtuse had we shared the instincts of a New York University professor named Kim  . “Historians who write about the right should find ways to do so with a sense of the dignity of their subjects,” she observed in a 2011 review, “but they should not hesitate to keep an eye out for the bizarre, the unusual, or the unsettling. ” Looking back from that perspective, we can now see a history that is indeed unsettling  —   but also unsettlingly familiar. Consider, for example, an essay published in 1926 by Hiram Evans, the imperial wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, in the exceedingly mainstream North American Review. His subject was the decline of “Americanism. ” Evans claimed to speak for an abused white majority, “the   Nordic race,” which, “with all its faults, has given the world almost the whole of modern civilization. ” Evans, a former dentist, proposed that his was “a movement of plain people,” and acknowledged that this “lays us open to the charge of being hicks and ‘rubes’ and ‘drivers of secondhand Fords. ’’u2009” But over the course of the last generation, he wrote, these good people “have found themselves increasingly uncomfortable, and finally deeply distressed,” watching a “moral breakdown” that was destroying a   nation. First, there was “confusion in thought and opinion, a groping and hesitancy about national affairs and private life alike, in sharp contrast to the clear, straightforward purposes of our earlier years. ” Next, they found “the control of much of our industry and commerce taken over by strangers, who stacked the cards of success and prosperity against us,” and ultimately these strangers “came to dominate our government. ” The only thing that would make America great again, as it were, was “a return of power into the hands of everyday, not highly cultured, not overly intellectualized, but entirely unspoiled and not   average citizens of old stock. ” This “Second Klan” (the first was formed during Reconstruction) scrambles our   sense of what   ideology does and does not comprise. (Its doctrines, for example, included support for public education, to weaken Catholic parochial schools.) The Klan also put the predations of the international banking class at the center of its rhetoric. Its worldview resembles, in fact, the   politics of contemporary Europe  —   a tradition, heretofore judged foreign to American politics, called “herrenvolk republicanism,” that reserved social democracy solely for the white majority. By reaching back to the reactionary traditions of the 1920s, we might better understand the alliance between the “ ” figures that emerged as fervent Trump supporters during last year’s election and the ascendant   nativist political parties in Europe. None of this history is hidden. Indeed, in the 1990s, a rich scholarly literature emerged on the 1920s Klan and its extraordinary, and decidedly national, influence. (One hotbed of Klan activity, for example, was Anaheim, Calif. McGirr’s “Suburban Warriors” mentions this but doesn’t discuss it neither did I in my own account of Orange County conservatism in “Before the Storm. ” Again, it just didn’t seem relevant to the subject of the modern conservative movement.) The general belief among historians, however, was that the Klan’s national influence faded in the years after 1925, when Indiana’s grand dragon, D. C. Stephenson, who served as the de facto political boss for the entire state, was convicted of murdering a young woman. But the Klan remained relevant far beyond the South. In 1936 a group called the Black Legion, active in the industrial Midwest, burst into public consciousness after members assassinated a Works Progress Administration official in Detroit. The group, which considered itself a Klan enforcement arm, dominated the news that year. The F. B. I. estimated its membership at 135, 000, including a large number of public officials, possibly including Detroit’s police chief. The Associated Press reported in 1936 that the group was suspected of assassinating as many as 50 people. In 1937, Humphrey Bogart starred in a film about it. In an informal survey, however, I found that many leading historians of the right  —   including one who wrote an important book covering the 1930s  —   hadn’t heard of the Black Legion. Stephen H. Norwood, one of the few historians who did study the Black Legion, also mined another rich seam of neglected history in which   vigilantism and outright fascism routinely infiltrated the mainstream of American life. The story begins with Father Charles Coughlin, the   “radio priest” who at his peak reached as many as 30 million weekly listeners. In 1938, Coughlin’s magazine, Social Justice, began reprinting “Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion,” a forged tract about a global Jewish conspiracy first popularized in the United States by Henry Ford. After presenting this fictitious threat, Coughlin’s paper called for action, in the form of a “crusade against the   forces of the red revolution”  —   a call that was answered, in New York and Boston, by a new organization, the Christian Front. Its members were among the most enthusiastic participants in a 1939   rally that packed Madison Square Garden, where the leader of the   Bund spoke in front of an enormous portrait of George Washington flanked by swastikas. The Bund took a mortal hit that same year  —   its leader was caught embezzling  —   but the Christian Front soldiered on. In 1940, a New York chapter was raided by the F. B. I. for plotting to overthrow the government. The organization survived, and throughout World War II carried out what the New York Yiddish paper The Day called “small pogroms” in Boston and New York that left Jews in “mortal fear” of “almost daily” beatings. Victims who complained to authorities, according to news reports, were “insulted and beaten again. ” Young   men inspired by the Christian Front desecrated nearly every synagogue in Washington Heights. The New York Catholic hierarchy, the mayor of Boston and the governor of Massachusetts largely looked the other way. Why hasn’t the presence of organized mobs with backing in powerful places disturbed historians’ conclusion that the American right was dormant during this period? In fact, the “far right” was never that far from the American mainstream. The historian Richard   writing in the journal Social History, points out that “scholars of American history are by and large in agreement that, in spite of a welter of fringe radical groups on the right in the United States between the wars, fascism never ‘took’ here. ” And, unlike in Europe, fascists did not achieve governmental power. Nevertheless,   continues, “fascism had a very real presence in the U. S. A. comparable to that on continental Europe. ” He cites no less mainstream an organization than the American Legion, whose “National Commander” Alvin Owsley proclaimed in 1922, “the Fascisti are to Italy what the American Legion is to the United States. ” A decade later, Chicago named a thoroughfare after the Fascist military leader Italo Balbo. In 2011,   groups in Chicago protested a movement to rename it.   in America declined after World War II. But as Leo Ribuffo points out, the underlying narrative  —   of a diabolical transnational cabal of aliens plotting to undermine the very foundations of Christian civilization  —   survived in the   diatribes of Joseph McCarthy. The alien narrative continues today in the work of National Review writers like Andrew McCarthy (“How Obama Embraces Islam’s Sharia Agenda”) and Lisa Schiffren (who argued that Obama’s parents could be secret Communists because “for a white woman to marry a black man in 1958, or ’60, there was almost inevitably a connection to explicit Communist politics”). And it found its most potent expression in Donald Trump’s stubborn insistence that Barack Obama was not born in the United States. Trump’s connection to this alternate   genealogy is not just rhetorical. In 1927, 1, 000 hooded Klansmen fought police in Queens in what The Times reported as a “free for all. ” One of those arrested at the scene was the president’s father, Fred Trump. (Trump’s role in the melee is unclear the charge  —   “refusing to disperse”  —   was later dropped.) In the 1950s, Woody Guthrie, at the time a resident of the Beach Haven housing complex the elder Trump built near Coney Island, wrote a song about “Old Man Trump” and the “Racial   stirred   the bloodpot of human   he   color line” in one of his housing developments. In 1973, when Donald Trump was working at Fred’s side, both father and son were named in a federal   suit. The family settled with the Justice Department in the face of evidence that black applicants were told units were not available even as whites were welcomed with open arms. The 1960s and ’70s New York in which Donald Trump came of age, as much as   Indiana in the 1920s or Barry Goldwater’s Arizona in the 1950s, was at conservatism’s cutting edge, setting the emotional tone for a politics of rage. In 1966, when Trump was 20, Mayor John Lindsay placed civilians on a board to more effectively monitor police abuse. The president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association  —   responding, “I am sick and tired of giving in to minority groups and their gripes and their shouting”  —   led a referendum effort to dissolve the board that won 63 percent of the vote. Two years later, fights between supporters and protesters of George Wallace at a Madison Square Garden rally grew so violent that, The New Republic observed, “never again will you read about Berlin in the ’30s without remembering this wild confrontation here of two irrational forces. ” The rest of the country followed New York’s lead. In 1970, after the shooting deaths of four students during antiwar protests at Kent State University in Ohio, a Gallup poll found that 58 percent of Americans blamed the students for their own deaths. (“If they didn’t do what the Guards told them, they should have been mowed down,” one parent of Kent State students told an interviewer.) Days later, hundreds of construction workers from the World Trade Center site beat antiwar protesters at City Hall with their hard hats. (“It was just like Iwo Jima,” an impressed witness remarked.) That year, reports the historian Katherine Scott, 76 percent of Americans “said they did not support the First Amendment right to assemble and dissent from government policies. ” In 1973, the reporter Gail Sheehy joined a group of   workers watching the Watergate hearings in a bar in Astoria, Queens. “If I was Nixon,” one of them said, “I’d shoot every one of them. ” (Who “they” were went unspecified.) This was around the time when New Yorkers were leaping to their feet and cheering during screenings of “Death Wish,” a hit movie about a liberal architect, played by Charles Bronson, who shoots muggers at   range. At an October 2015 rally near Nashville, Donald Trump told his supporters: “I have a license to carry in New York, can you believe that? Nobody knows that. Somebody attacks me, oh, they’re gonna be shocked. ” He imitated a   quick draw, and an appreciative crowd shouted out the name of Bronson’s     film: “’u2009‘Death Wish’!” In 1989, a young white woman was raped in Central Park. Five teenagers, four black and one Latino, confessed to participating in the crime. At the height of the controversy, Donald Trump took out   ads in all the major New York daily papers calling for the return of the death penalty. It was later proved the police had essentially tortured the five into their confessions, and they were eventually cleared by DNA evidence. Trump, however, continues to insist upon their guilt. That confidence resonates deeply with what the sociologist Lawrence Rosenthal calls New York’s “  populism”  —   an attitude, Rosenthal hypothesizes, that Trump learned working alongside the tradesmen in his father’s real estate empire. But the case itself also resonates deeply with narratives dating back to the first Ku Klux Klan of white womanhood defiled by dark savages. Trump’s public call for the supposed perpetrators’ hides, no matter the proof of guilt or innocence, mimics the rituals of Southern lynchings. When Trump vowed on the campaign trail to Make America Great Again, he was generally unclear about when exactly it stopped being great. The Vanderbilt University historian Jefferson Cowie tells a story that points to a possible answer. In his book “The Great Exception,” he suggests that what historians considered the main event in 20th century American political development  —   the rise and consolidation of the “New Deal order”  —   was in fact an anomaly, made politically possible by a convergence of political factors. One of those was immigration. At the beginning of the 20th century, millions of impoverished immigrants, mostly Catholic and Jewish, entered an overwhelmingly Protestant country. It was only when that demographic transformation was suspended by the 1924 Immigration Act that majorities of Americans proved willing to vote for many liberal policies. In 1965, Congress once more allowed   immigration to the United States  —   and it is no accident that this date coincides with the increasing conservative backlash against liberalism itself, now that its spoils would be more widely distributed among nonwhites. The liberalization of immigration law is an obsession of the  . Trump has echoed their rage. “We’ve admitted 59 million immigrants to the United States between 1965 and 2015,” he noted last summer, with rare specificity. “’u2009‘Come on in, anybody. Just come on in.’ Not anymore. ” This was a stark contrast to Reagan, who venerated immigrants, proudly signing a 1986 bill, sponsored by the conservative Republican senator Alan Simpson, that granted many undocumented immigrants citizenship. Shortly before announcing his 1980 presidential run, Reagan even boasted of his wish “to create, literally, a common market situation here in the Americas with an open border between ourselves and Mexico. ” But on immigration, at least, it is Trump, not Reagan, who is the apotheosis of the brand of conservatism that now prevails. A’u2009puzzle remains. If Donald Trump was elected as a Marine Le    —   or Hiram    —   herrenvolk republican, what are we to make of the fact that he placed so many bankers and billionaires in his cabinet, and has relentlessly pursued so many    policies? More to the point, what are we to the make of the fact that his supporters don’t seem to mind? Here, however, Trump is far from unique. The history of    between conservative electioneering and conservative governance is another rich seam that calls out for fresh scholarly excavation: not of how conservative voters see their leaders, but of the neglected history of how conservative leaders see their voters. In their 1987 book, “Right Turn,” the political scientists Joel Rogers and Thomas Ferguson presented   data demonstrating that Reagan’s crusade against activist government, which was widely understood to be the source of his popularity, was not, in fact, particularly popular. For example, when Reagan was   in 1984, only 35 percent of voters favored significant cuts in social programs to reduce the deficit. Much excellent scholarship, well worth revisiting in the age of Trump, suggests an explanation for Reagan’s subsequent success at cutting back social programs in the face of hostile public opinion: It was business leaders, not the general public, who moved to the right, and they became increasingly aggressive and skilled in manipulating the political process behind the scenes. But another answer hides in plain sight. The   negotiation between populist electioneering and plutocratic governance on the right has long been not so much a matter of policy as it has been a matter of show business. The media scholar Tim Raphael, in his 2009 book, “The President Electric: Ronald Reagan and the Politics of Performance,” calls the   commercials that interrupted episodes of The General Electric Theater  —   starring Reagan and his family in their     Pacific Palisades home, outfitted for them by G. E.  —   television’s first “reality show. ” For the California voters who soon made him governor, the ads created a sense of Reagan as a certain kind of character: the kindly paterfamilias, a trustworthy and nonthreatening guardian of the white   suburban enclave. Years later, the producers of “The Apprentice” carefully crafted a Trump character who was the quintessence of steely resolve and   mastery. American voters noticed. Linda Lucchese, a Trump convention delegate from Illinois who had never previously been involved in politics, told me that she watched “The Apprentice” and decided that Trump would make a perfect president. “All those celebrities,” she told me: “They showed him respect. ” It is a short leap from advertising and reality TV to darker forms of manipulation. Consider the parallels since the 1970s between conservative activism and the traditional techniques of con men.   pioneers like Richard Viguerie created       letters about civilization on the verge of collapse. One 1979 pitch warned that “federal and state legislatures are literally flooded with proposed laws that are aimed at total confiscation of firearms from   citizens. ” Another, from the 1990s, warned that “babies are being harvested and sold on the black market by Planned Parenthood clinics. ” Recipients of these alarming missives sent checks to battle phony crises, and what they got in return was very real tax cuts for the rich. Note also the more recent connection between Republican politics and “multilevel marketing” operations like Amway (Trump’s education secretary, Betsy DeVos, is the wife of Amway’s former president and the    of its  ) and how easily some of these marketing schemes shade into the promotion of dubious miracle cures (Ben Carson, secretary of housing and urban development, with “glyconutrients” Mike Huckabee shilling for a “solution kit” to “reverse” diabetes Trump himself taking on a     multilevel marketing scheme in 2009). The dubious grifting of Donald Trump, in short, is a part of the structure of conservative history. Future historians won’t find all that much of a foundation for Trumpism in the grim essays of William F. Buckley, the scrupulous constitutionalist principles of Barry Goldwater or the   optimism of Ronald Reagan. They’ll need instead to study conservative history’s political surrealists and intellectual embarrassments, its con artists and tribunes of white rage. It will not be a pleasant story. But if those historians are to construct new arguments to make sense of Trump, the first step may be to risk being impolite.",0
8851,Americans Preparing for Strong Possibility of Violence on Election Day,"By Vic Bishop With the U.S. presidential elections just around the corner, concerns about violence on Election Day seem to be escalating. Several schools have announced... ",0
8852,Ten Meter Tower - The New York Times,"Our objective in making this film was something of a psychology experiment: We sought to capture people facing a difficult situation, to make a portrait of humans in doubt. We’ve all seen actors playing doubt in fiction films, but we have few true images of the feeling in documentaries. To make them, we decided to put people in a situation powerful enough not to need any classic narrative framework. A high dive seemed like the perfect scenario. Through an online advertisement, we found 67 people who had never been on a   (about 33 feet) diving tower before, and had never jumped from that high. We paid each of them the equivalent of about $30 to participate  —   which meant climbing up to the diving board and walking to its edge. We were as interested in the people who decided to climb back down as the ones jumping. We filmed it all with six cameras and several microphones. It was important for us not to conceal the fact that this was an arranged situation, and thus we chose to show the microphones within the frame. Ultimately, about 70 percent of those who climbed did jump. We noticed that the presence of the camera as well as the social pressure (from those awaiting their turn beside the pool) pushed some of the participants to jump, which made their behavior even more interesting. In our films, which we often call studies, we want to portray human behavior, rather than tell our own stories about it. We hope the result is a series of meaningful references, in the form of moving images. “Ten Meter Tower” may take place in Sweden, but we think it elucidates something essentially human, that transcends culture and origins. Overcoming our most cautious impulses with bravery unites all humankind. It’s something that has shaped us through the ages. ‘Ten Meter Tower’ appeared at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival. It is part of a series produced by independent filmmakers who have received support from the nonprofit Sundance Institute.",0
8853,"Irwin Stambler, 92, Dies Reference Book Writer With Songs in His Heart - The New York Times","Irwin Stambler, who was trained as an aeronautics engineer but whose deep love for music inspired him to write “The Encyclopedia of Pop, Rock and Soul”  —   a major feat of research before the internet made it easier to find out more about Bo Diddley or the Beach Boys  —   died on Feb. 10 in Los Angeles. He was 92. His son Lyndon that said the cause was complications of sepsis. Mr. Stambler’s encyclopedia, published by St. Martin’s Press in 1974, covered a wide swath of music history, from Acid Rock to the Zombies, in an    style. His entry about the singer Marianne Faithfull, for example, called her the “daughter of a baroness and blessed with the face of an angel (some observers said a fallen angel),” and added that she was “well educated in convent schools, but the sheltered atmosphere of those years probably contributed to her desire to kick over the traces. ” Mr. Stambler’s book was not the first of its kind. It was preceded by “Lillian Roxon’s Rock Encyclopedia,” published by Grosset  Dunlap in 1969. But it was published nearly a decade before one from a more traditional authority on rock: Rolling Stone magazine. Holly   who edited the second and third editions of  “The Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock  Roll,” said in an email, “I remember the Stambler book as being a valuable resource and a tool for   the entries in our own book. ” Mr. Stambler toggled regularly between science and music throughout his career. He worked as an engineer into the 1950s  —   designing aircraft parts, among other assignments  —   but then shifted full time into writing about aerospace and technology, as well as music and sports. He wrote for magazines like Space Aeronautics. He wrote newsletters. And he wrote dozens of books on subjects as diverse as the space program, drag racing, minibikes, the fastest humans, the     aircraft, the pitcher Catfish Hunter and the basketball star Bill Walton. By 1969, he had already written two music encyclopedias: one on popular music and a second on country, with Grelun Landon, a music industry executive. In an unpublished memoir, Mr. Stambler said that he had wanted to write the rock encyclopedia in the 1960s but that his publisher resisted in favor of a somewhat tamer subject. So he wrote “Encyclopedia of Popular Music” (1965) instead, insisting, however, that he be able to sprinkle in some biographical entries on rock pioneers like Elvis Presley and Bill Haley. Haley actually did not end up in the book, but Presley did, as did rock ’n’ rollers like Fats Domino and the Everly Brothers. Andy Leach, the senior director of library and archives at the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, said that Mr. Stambler’s popular music encyclopedia was groundbreaking “because popular music wasn’t being taken seriously by most scholars or serious writers at the time. ” The subsequent rock encyclopedia, he added, has become a “standard reference. ” Irwin Stambler was born in Brooklyn on Nov. 20, 1924. His father, Sidney, owned a jewelry and silver fabrication company, and his mother, the former Bessie Levine, taught piano. He attended New York University, his time there broken up by two years of Army service during World War II, after which he returned and received bachelor’s and master’s degrees in aeronautical engineering. Music was always a passion. He preferred not to play classical piano, as his mother did, but he wrote pop songs with a partner, Morton Weinberg, with titles like “Strawberry Sky,” “Fade Out” and “Indigo Blue. ” He built up a collection of close to 8, 000 records and CDs. “Music was always on at home,” Lyndon Stambler said. “Dad played guitar, and I made a harp in high school. He loved all music. “Before my    married my brother, one of the first images she saw of my dad was of him lying on his bed, wearing headphones and listening to Led Zeppelin. When she saw that, she knew everything was going to be O. K. ” In addition to Lyndon, Mr. Stambler is survived by his wife, the former Constance Lebowitz another son, Barrett two daughters, Amy Sprague Champeau and Alice Seidman nine grandchildren and eight  . While Mr. Stambler was researching his pop music encyclopedia, he scheduled an interview with the songwriter Jimmy Van Heusen in Palm Springs, Calif. during time off from an aerospace meeting nearby. Mr. Van Heusen, who wrote the music for “Call Me Irresponsible” and other standards, kept filling Mr. Stambler’s glass with expensive whiskey while they talked. “To this day, I can’t recall how I got back to my car,” Mr. Stambler wrote in his memoir. “All I know is that I woke up the next morning in bed with a miserable hangover but with a notebook filled with more than enough for a good encyclopedia entry. ”",0
8854,Donald Trump’s Economic Team Is Far From Typical - The New York Times,"Donald Trump, laying out his economic plan on Monday in Detroit, said that the nation must “stop relying on the tired voices of the past. ” In what would seem to be yet another jab at Hillary Clinton, he added, “We can’t fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place. ” Perhaps that’s the best explanation for his recently released list of economic advisers  —   a list that has caused a bit of   in financial circles, given that it is largely devoid of names of heavyweight economists who have backed Republican party nominees in years past. (And entirely devoid of women.) Instead, his economic circle  —   as he promised  —   is a bit, shall we say, less typical. The prominent of the    list of economists includes only one Ph. D. Peter Navarro, a professor at the University of California, Irvine and longtime opponent of free trade who blames China for America’s economic ills Stephen Moore, a   advocate who   the   group Club for Growth and David Malpass, a consultant and former chief economist at Bear Stearns. The group is heavy on moguls and   moguls  —   all, of course, Trump donors. Among them are Steven Roth, a real estate mogul who owns a building with Mr. Trump Harold Hamm, the billionaire wildcatter John A. Paulson, the billionaire hedge fund manager Steve Feinberg, the   of Cerberus, the private equity firm and Dan DiMicco, former president and chief executive of the steel company Nucor Corporation, who has been vocal about bringing manufacturing jobs back to the United States. Wilbur Ross, the famed venture capitalist, was left off the original list but later added on Trump’s website Mr. Ross said that his team hadn’t gotten back to the candidate in time to be included last week. And for those keeping score, Carl Icahn, the activist investor and longtime Trump backer, said he was left off the list so he could start a “super PAC,” which he said would not be allowed if he were a formal member of the campaign. Then again, Mr. Trump has made a virtue of his lack of traditional support, depicting himself as an   candidate willing to make difficult choices. He sent a tweet saying as much earlier this week, showing a picture of him and Ms. Clinton under the headline “Campaign Contributions from Hedge Funds. ” It showed Ms. Clinton received $48. 5 million from the hedge fund industry while Mr. Trump received only $19, 000. “Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors,” he wrote. The tweet and his economics council are a bit of mixed message, given that he is trying to raise money from the financial industry and clearly has some support  —   even some from traditional Republican circles. On Monday, for instance, George P. Bush, the son of Jeb (who is  ) came out in favor of the Republican candidate, urging all party members to support Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump’s challenge is he is trying to be two things at the same time: distinctly   yet absolutely elite. This is particularly tough given he wants to be seen as a successful billionaire businessman while also being an outsider trying to work for the little guy. That said, while Mr. Trump may relish his unconventional group, he has been quietly trying to get some more establishment voices to join him. But many of the most prominent Republican donors have been doing their best to avoid associating with him. Stephen Schwarzman,   of the Blackstone Group, met with Mr. Trump, but has so far refused to donate or publicly support him, according to people briefed on the meeting. Henry Kravis, who historically has voted for Republicans and donated money to them, has been relatively silent. (When Mr. Trump floated his name for Treasury secretary, Mr. Kravis said, “That was scary when he said that. ”) Ken Griffin, the founder of Citadel, would seem like a natural Trump supporter, given that he describes himself as a “Reagan Republican. ” He has donated to Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Scott Walker, but not to Mr. Trump. Cliff Asness, the billionaire founder of AQR, an investment management firm, has historically supported Republicans, but called Mr. Trump “a disaster for the G. O. P. and for the country. ” In March, he seemed to bend a little, saying, “I have to keep a more open mind,” but his spokesman said on Monday that he hadn’t changed his position. Paul Singer, one of the biggest Republican donors, has been part of the #NeverTrump campaign, saying his policies would be “a guarantee of a global depression. ” The list goes on. Seth Klarman, who runs the hedge fund Baupost, has often supported Republicans even though he is an independent. Last week he issued a blistering statement about Mr. Trump while throwing his weight behind Mrs. Clinton. “His words and actions over the last several days are so shockingly unacceptable in our diverse and democratic society that it is simply unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our president,” Mr. Klarman said. Traditional Republican economists have also kept their distance. Glenn Hubbard, the dean of Columbia Business School, who served as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President George W. Bush, wrote, “The   and   policies of Mr. Trump portend a   future for all Americans, and   and   Americans in particular. ” Greg Mankiw, a Harvard economist who succeeded Mr. Hubbard as chairman of President Bush’s Council of Economic Advisers and also advised Mitt Romney, said of Mr. Trump: “He will not be getting my vote. I have Republican friends who think that things couldn’t be worse than doubling down on Obama policies under Hillary Clinton. And, like them, I am no fan of the left’s agenda of large government and high taxes. But they are wrong: Things could be worse. And I fear they would be under Mr. Trump. ” Mr. Ross, a Trump supporter, said he thought the candidate’s economic speech in Detroit on Monday might prove to be a positive turning point. “He did a very good job,” Mr. Ross said after the speech. “If he just stuck to that, he’d be in a lot better shape. ” Mr. Ross called Mr. Trump “substantive” and said he was particularly impressed by “the whole way he reacted to the staged demonstrators. ” It was “mature” of Mr. Trump to refrain from taking the bait and getting angry, Mr. Ross said. The question is, if Mr. Trump adjusts his behavior over the next several weeks, will some of those establishment names come join his   band?",0
8855,Selling Bottled Water That’s Better for the Planet - The New York Times,"On a recent morning over avocado toast and   New York City tap water, Grace Jeon expounded on the virtues of public drinking water. Considering that the company she runs makes its money selling bottled water, her enthusiasm might have seemed a little strange. And in fact, she follows a decidedly odd business model. Ms. Jeon held up one of her company’s bright blue opaque bottles, which are made mostly of paper, not plastic. “I would never advocate drinking this over tap,” Ms. Jeon said. But the reality is that more consumers are moving to bottled water as they cut down on drinking sugary beverages, she said. Her company has positioned its bottled water, called Just Water, as the next best thing to tap. Despite serious problems in places like Flint, Mich. and in the schools of Newark, N. J. and other cities, most tap water in the United States is safe to drink, according to environmental groups and the government. But many consumers prefer the convenience of bottled water, and are willing to pay for it. As Ms. Jeon sees it, she is making the best of a bad situation. The paper used for her bottles is sourced from trees that have been certified by the Forest Stewardship Council. The bottles, which are fully recyclable, are made of 53 percent paper the rest of the bottle is made of plastic and a small amount of aluminum. Last month, Just Water released a new bottle with the top portion made of   plastic derived from sugar cane. All told, she said, her product is less harmful to the environment and creates fewer carbon emissions than   plastic. In the process, she is also helping the struggling city of Glens Falls, N. Y. about 20 miles from Saratoga Springs. In 1944, Glens Falls was named “Hometown, U. S. A. ” by Look magazine, which featured photographs of the city’s bustling downtown. Like many once thriving industrial towns, though, Glens Falls has experienced a decline in population and manufacturing. A city that was once home to about 20, 000 people during the 1950s now has 14, 000 residents. Empty storefronts and houses dot the town. What the city does have is water  —   four reservoirs and over 5, 000 acres of watershed property. Just Water has an arrangement with the city to purchase water for at least six times the residential rate. Some of the money from the water purchase goes back to the community to address its aging water infrastructure, which is over 100 years old. Just Water does not obtain its water from that infrastructure rather, it uses a well on the city’s watershed property. It packages the water in a converted Catholic church that stood empty for years. The company employs 11 local residents. Tetra Pak, a food packaging and processing company, creates the Just Water packaging and ships the containers flat to Glens Falls, where they are shaped and filled. When Just Water first asked the mayor, Jack Diamond, about sourcing and bottling water in his city, he initially thought the offer was too good to be true. When he has been approached by companies in the past, in general, “it’s not so much what they’re going to do for us, but what can we do for them,” he said. “The roles were reversed with this company. ” Just Water might be a boon to Glens Falls, but if environmental groups like Ban the Bottle had their way, people would take reusable water bottles with them everywhere, and bottled water would be unnecessary in most situations. That fight, however, has remained a losing battle. In 2014, annual bottled water consumption in the United States reached a peak of 34 gallons a person, said a report from the Beverage Marketing Corporation. “It’s a completely ridiculous product, but it’s also a wildly popular product,” said Charles Fishman, a journalist and author of “The Big Thirst: The Secret Life and Turbulent Future of Water. ” “The reason is, and I think this is often overlooked, people aren’t buying water  —   they’re buying convenience. And with the branding, to some degree they’re also buying image. ” The reason for bottled water “has nothing to do with the availability of good, clean appealing water in the country. It has to do with how we live,” Mr. Fishman said. “It has to do with the disappearance of good water fountains  —   with the failure, frankly, of water fountain companies to innovate cool, interesting, appealing water fountains. ” Just Water went on sale last fall in Whole Foods stores across the country and Cibo Express airport markets. The company recently started selling bottles at Albertsons, Safeway, Kroger, Sprouts Farmers Markets and other stores. The bottles retail for 99 cents for 16. 9 fluid ounces. That compares with about $1. 50 for a comparable bottle of Fiji water. Ms. Jeon was previously Fiji’s senior vice president for business development. Fiji is positioned as a luxury product, referred to in company news releases as “a natural, artesian water bottled at the source in Viti Levu (Fiji islands)” and “known for its soft mouth feel and iconic square bottle loved by discerning consumers,   celebrities and   chefs. ” Does water from different areas taste different? Some consumers swear that it does. Others, like Mr. Fishman, are skeptical: “There is no distinction, no matter what the people at all these places will tell you. ” Ms. Jeon said she thought she had left the bottled water industry for good when Drew Fitzgerald, the founder of Just Water, approached her with his idea to make everyday packaged items more environmentally friendly, starting with bottled water. He has an eclectic résumé. He worked as the creative director for Universal Records, has worked with the Will and Jada Smith Family Foundation and is an adviser to Prime, an organization that helps foundations and wealthy families finance technologies that reduce greenhouse gas emissions. And as it turns out, Mr. Fitzgerald’s hometown is Glens Falls. It’s true that water from upstate New York may not be considered as glamorous as water from Fiji, but New York’s requires less transportation  —   another environmental selling point for Just Water. “There are bigger issues to bottled water than just what the package is made out of,” said Mae Wu, a staff lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense Council. These include the environmental costs of shipping water, the effects of removing water from communities and water bottle waste. Of course, water bottles can be recycled. “All bottled water containers are 100 percent recyclable and many bottled water companies are already using recycled plastic in their bottles,” said Chris Hogan, a spokesman for the International Bottled Water Association, in an email. Some are making 100 percent recycled bottles, he added. “As an industry, we are always looking for ways to strengthen existing programs and help to expand recycling efforts ever further,” he wrote. But although bottles and cartons may be made of recyclable packaging, this does not ensure that the product will be recycled. Recycling rates have risen recently, but in 2013, the most recent year for which data is available, just over 31 percent of plastic jars and water bottles were recycled, according to government data. Just Water isn’t the only company offering an alternative to traditional bottled water. Boxed Water packages its water in a   paper box, much like a milk carton. Fred Water delivers water in hard plastic flasks and encourages drinkers to reuse the bottles. Green Sheep offers consumers water in aluminum bottles, which is more readily recycled than plastic. Like Just Water, many of these companies say they are committed to improving the environment. “We recognized that although reusable bottles are the best choice from an environmental standpoint, the reality is that people keep buying bottled water,” Nicole Doucet, the   and chief executive of Green Sheep, said in an email. “There was already a perfect solution out there, but we needed a pragmatic one. ” Traditional beverage companies, such as Nestlé Waters North America, are offering alternatives, too. In 2007, Nestlé introduced its lightweight   bottle, which uses less plastic a few years later the company began incorporating recycled plastic into its bottles. Nestlé, which includes brands such as Arrowhead, Deer Park and Poland Springs, made up 23 percent of water bottle sales last year, according to Euromonitor International, a consumer research company. “Beverage trends have changed dramatically over the last 10 to 12 years,” Nelson A. Switzer, Nestlé Waters North America’s vice president and chief sustainability officer, wrote in an email. “Water  —   bottled and tap  —   has become the beverage of choice. ” Just Water and its competitors make up a much smaller percentage of the market. “I think that we will continue to see bottled water in more environmentally friendly packaging,” said Virginia Lee, senior beverages analyst at Euromonitor. “However, I see this for the next five years as still being very niche. ” She cites cost and consumers’ familiarity with traditional bottled water as factors. The alternatives may be able to succeed as the economy improves, she said: “As people have more money in their pocket it stands that they’d be more willing to pay a little extra for water or something else that claimed to have environmental or other benefits. ” But a better water bottle is still a water bottle, said Ms. Wu of the Natural Resources Defense Council. “I recognize that there is a role for bottled water,” especially in emergencies like the one occurring in Flint, she said, but most tap water in the United States is safe. Some consumers have switched to reusable water bottles, many of which have become status symbols, like the stainless steel insulated bottles made by S’well, and the glass bottles in colorful silicon sleeves sold by Bkr. Still, there are no signs that shoppers will be sipping less bottled water anytime soon. Sales have increased steadily over the last decade. The water bottle industry took in $19. 8 billion in retail sales last year in the United States, according to Euromonitor. Ms. Jeon claimed she would rather see the tide go in the opposite direction. “It’s not about getting more people to drink bottled water,” she said. But if you’re going to drink bottled water, she said, “consider a better option than the current choice. ”",0
8856,"Trump, Syria, Pepsi: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. _____ 1. President Trump shifted to a tougher stance on Syria and its president. He called the chemical weapons attack on Tuesday “an affront to humanity” during a press conference with King Abdullah of Jordan at the White House. The death toll is believed to be over 100. At the United Nations, Ambassador Nikki Haley blamed Russia for blocking a Security Council response and warned that the U. S. might take unilateral action. The Daily podcast tracks the course of the Syrian conflict and the choices Mr. Trump faces. _____ 2. Mr. Trump removed Stephen Bannon, his chief strategist, from the National Security Council. The shift was orchestrated by the president’s national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster. The new administration is giving the military far more leeway  —   allowing speedier decisions on raids, airstrikes, bombing missions and arming allies  —   but also making clear the buck stops with the generals if things go wrong. _____ 3. During an interview in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump suggested without evidence that Susan Rice, former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, had committed a crime by seeking the identities of Americans swept up in U. S. surveillance of foreign officials. They turned out to be Trump associates. Mr. Trump criticized media outlets for failing to adequately cover the Rice controversy  —   while praising Fox News and the host Bill O’Reilly, the focus of an advertiser revolt over accusations of sexual harassment. “He is a good person,” he said. On Twitter, a hashtag about the allegations morphed into a way for women to share their stories about sexual harassment in the workplace. _____ 4. Mr. Trump is heading to Florida for a   meeting with President Xi Jinping of China at   . Their contrasting styles  —   scripted decorum versus brash unpredictability  —   could complicate their efforts to navigate clashing priorities on trade and North Korea. (But Ivanka Trump is playing remarkably well in China.) With calculated timing, North Korea fired an   ballistic missile into waters off its east coast. _____ 5. The fight over Mr. Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court is about to go nuclear. Democratic senators say they will filibuster  —   refuse to close discussions  —   on Thursday. The Republicans counter that they’ll invoke “the nuclear option” to prevent filibusters on Supreme Court nominations, changing Senate rules to allow a simple majority to approve Judge Neil Gorsuch. Many senators in both parties now worry that the final and biggest domino  —   the power to filibuster legislation  —   will be next. _____ 6. Drugs go north, money and guns go south. We took a look at the flood of narcotrafficking revenue that goes back to Mexico from the U. S. The money has made the drug cartels powerful  —   but American officials say they don’t have the manpower to stop it. And in Washington, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said it is doubtful that a barrier spanning the whole southern border will be built. _____ 7. All the carbon dioxide we’ve been putting into the atmosphere has been doing something interesting to plants. In Antarctica, they’ve been growing far more quickly than at any other time in the past 54, 000 years. And a group of experts says it’s time to think about science fiction in the effort to slow down global warming. _____ 8. Pepsi pulled a controversial ad starring Kendall Jenner, with music by Skip Marley, that borrowed imagery from the Black Lives Matter movement. In the ad, Ms. Jenner gives a can of Pepsi to a police officer during a protest, provoking wild cheers from the crowd. Critics called it   and trivializing. “If only Daddy would have known about the power of #Pepsi,” tweeted Bernice King, daughter of Martin Luther King Jr. _____ 9. We admit it  —   we just loved the picture. Owls have always been objects of fascination, and now a new book looks at the elusiveness, diversity, beauty and ecological importance of these nocturnal birds of prey. They’ve been seen as death omens, symbols of wisdom and good fortune, portents of witchcraft or Harry Potter references. _____ 10. Finally, what’s the most effective   strategy for happiness? One expert says it’s to actively cultivate   which he defines as a sense of contentment in the knowledge that your life is flourishing and has meaning beyond your own pleasure. He suggests four exercises to help you get started. For a   lift, have a laugh with our latest roundup of the   comics. Have a great night. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
8857,A New Reason to Party: Custom Suiting for the Suitor and His Pals - The New York Times,"Two months ago, Charles Granatell’s house in Wyckoff, N. J. was filled with   camaraderie. His best friend from college, Mike Canfora, was getting married. Mr. Canfora flew in from Seattle, others drove in from Massachusetts and Manhattan, and some lived nearby. Eight of the 10 groomsmen were there. A   TV loudly projected the Giants N. F. L. game. Paper plates containing sandwiches, pasta, salad and steak, food that had been catered, were strewn about. Wine and beer were consumed. Then Dana Manganelli, a stylist who routinely makes house calls for Mr. Fox Suits in Montclair, N. J. arrived. The mood changed to an almost giddy quality as the eight groomsmen piled into the den, unzipped the garment bags, pulled out their custom suits and proudly showed one another their individualized linings. “We’ve looked forward to this day for months,” said Mr. Canfora, 27, who flew in with his fiancée, Jenna Campana, 28, for this second and final fitting before his wedding, which was Oct. 8 at the LaPlaya Beach  Golf Resort in Naples, Fla. “Women have so many events. Other than the bachelor party, guys don’t have another opportunity to get together and celebrate. ” The scene was a familiar one. In fact, it was an encore performance. On Aug. 5, these same men huddled around Mr. Granatell’s swimming pool, drank their favorite beer, ingested a similar meal, smoked some stogies and were fitted for wedding suits by Justin Fox, who owns Mr. Fox Suits. Women aren’t the only ones having fitting parties to celebrate their special day. And as the demand for these   increases, suit fitters and online rental companies are embracing this new transition by creating environments to meet clients’   and individual needs. “I opened my own shop last September, and my first gentlemen’s fitting was in January,” Mr. Fox said. Since then, he estimates he has done more than 20 events 10 have been groom gatherings. “So I developed ‘Suits  Scotch’ nights from this growing trend,” Mr. Fox said. “Evenings like this give men an experience. It’s like a Tupperware party for guys. ” Lewis Malivanek, creative director of Knot Standard, a   company on West 24th Street in Manhattan, agreed. “Group groom fittings have become surprisingly popular over the past few years as custom clothing becomes more important and more affordable to the consumer,” he said. “Now we have these parties once or twice a week. ” The company recently moved to a bigger space with the goal of accommodating these larger male celebrations. Some perks include drinks served by a bartender from a recently purchased antique bar,   TV, couches and lounging area. On weekends, bagels are served, and on weeknights, food is catered. “Men are realizing they don’t have to rent a tux or go to Brooks Brothers to buy something that’s made to fit everyone,” he added. “These are fitted for them and can be worn to other events. That’s very appealing to them. And they’re personalized. We had one recent party where everyone used their football team colors for the lining. This is them creating what they want to wear, and brides are giving them free rein, which is great for something that’s mostly planned by the woman. ” Many brides are pleased to see their other half’s fashion involvement. And it removes pickup,   and   pressures. “Having everyone get their suits handed to them took so much stress off of me,” the new Ms. Canfora said. “Rental is only for three days. Every day it’s late you’re charged. Because we’re a destination wedding, these guys would have had to pick it up in Florida on Thursday and drop it off on Sunday. There’s 10 guys. Do you think all 10 guys are going to drop it off? No. ” Then there is the      factor. “They’re going to forget and accidentally pack it,” Ms. Canfora added. “Even though it’s not my responsibility, I feel responsible, and I didn’t want anyone to be charged more. It’s enough that they’re paying to travel and stay in Florida. ” Bang for the buck is also a consideration. “Why rent something that doesn’t really fit for $250 to $300, which you can only wear once, when you can own a custom suit for $500, which I can wear to work or another occasion?” said Mr. Granatell, 31. Mr. Granatell and the others did indeed pay about $500 each for their custom suits. For some grooms, seeing themselves for the first time in their suits, standing in front of a mirror, with all of their friends watching and clapping, is the equivalent to a bride’s “Say Yes to the Dress” moment. “It’s like unveiling the wedding gown,” said Kendall Michaelis, a senior stylist at Knot Standard. “You’d never feel that from a rental. Rentals are not personal in any way. When they do it as a group, it’s more special and real, and this is their moment. ” Last year, the Black Tux was a mostly online rental service in Santa Monica, Calif. In April, it opened its first showroom in Chicago. Another followed in June in Santa Monica, and one in Dallas is in the works. “Groom gatherings were a   now they take place more than once a week,” said Dan Wenhold, the company’s director of retail sales. “Millennials have a desire to have a physical connection to retail and to each other. ” To meet this growing demand, the company developed a strategy. It closes early for the private parties. It serves beer or whiskey and pizza. It has hired more staff members for    with clients and added dressing rooms for simultaneous fittings. Over the next several months, Mr. Wenhold plans to add pool and shuffleboard tables and other activities  —   all of which will be free. Not everyone wants to host a party. Some men are accompanied by only their fathers or fiancées. “Few grooms will spend $1, 500 to $3, 000 for a tux,” said Ronald Rothstein, an owner of Kleinfeld Bridal, which after three years closed its men’s division last year and replaced the space with women’s shoes. “If he does, he’s going to Bergdorf or Saks. I can make $2, 000 for a tuxedo or $15, 000 on one bride’s dress. But other than the bachelor party, this is one of the only ways for men to get the same experience women do, so I understand why this has become popular. ” Rentals are a      generalized measurement item, sometimes poorly fitting and shapeless. “In the past, I went on my own to the Men’s Wearhouse or Joseph Bank, which are all the same,” Mr. Canfora said. “You open a contract, you get fitted and you leave. You never see your tux until you pick it up. And it’s all the same tux wherever you go to pick it up: New Jersey, Seattle or Florida. It’s convenient. That’s why people do it. But there was never a level of excitement like this. This was really bonding for all of us. ” Customization allows for a number of advantages. “Everything is styled and created just for you,” Ms. Michaelis said. Knot Standard offers six price ranges, from $795 to $3, 000, paired with 20 different measurements specific to body type. “We help you pick out fabrics, colors, linings, buttons, threading, collar and pockets. ” Then there’s the opportunity for names, dates and personalized messages. “We can add your wedding date to the inside of your collar, or monogram your wedding invite inside the tux, or add a message to the waistband,” she said. “I’ve even seen short messages on the inside zipper of the pants. Everyone likes these additions. ” In the end, however, a good consumer purchase is nothing compared to the memory it creates. After Ms. Manganelli did last looks, the men lined up outside for an iPhone photo shoot. A sense of   coolness and pride encompassed them. There were slaps on the backs,   and lit cigars. “This adds to the wedding process,” Mr. Granatell said. “This suit is special. Every time I open my closet and I see the suit hanging there, I’m going to think of Mike, the wedding and this experience. When I get married, I’d want to do the same thing. Renting, you have you give it back, and then it’s gone. I’ll have this for the rest of my life. ”",0
8858,Dr. Duke and Dr. MacDonald Call for Prosecution of Hillary for Treasonous Support of ISIS.,"Dr. Duke and Dr. MacDonald Call for Prosecution of Hillary for Treasonous Support of ISIS. October 27, 2016 at 10:13 am 
Dr. Duke and Dr. MacDonald Call for Prosecution of Hillary for Treasonous Support of ISIS. 
Today Dr. Duke and Professor Kevin MacDonald talked about the tide turning in Donald Trump’s direction. In spite of the efforts by the Zio media to divert voter attention to Donald Trump’s alleged problems with women, Hillary’s treasonous crimes are increasingly difficult to hide. 
The fact is that Hillary should be prosecuted, not inaugurated. She has supported ISIS in its war against Syria its terrorism against America. She has sent paid thugs to disrupt Trump’s political events. She has used her government positions to peddal influence. She really should be in prison. 
This is an extremely educating and enlightening show. Please share it widely. 
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
8859,Kicking Money Out of Politics: Trump Boots Koch Brother from Golf Course - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump told a critical biographer and guest of billionaire David Koch to leave his West Palm Beach golf course on New Year’s Eve, forcing Koch to leave with him. [Trump’s gesture was another slight against the    “free trade” billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, who opposed Trump during the Republican primary season and refused to help him during the general election. It also signals Trump will not necessarily play nice with the GOP political establishment and Beltway right.  The Kochs swooped in during the Tea Party revolt in 2010, training amateur political activists and trying to channel populist energy against the Obama administration into supporting the   alliance that wanted more cheap labor and lesser sentences for drug traffickers, under the umbrella term of “smaller government. ” But the “grassroots army  …     was not controllable,” as one former Koch staffer lamented, and the Kochs appeared curiously unwilling to make any concessions to Americans who wanted populist, nationalist policies, and relief from the relentlessly eroding forces of mass immigration and globalization. A majority of voters —   some of whom saw more demographic change take place in their communities than many countries saw in a millennia —  want immigration slashed in half or reduced to zero. Trump captured that energy and it propelled him to the White House, much to the Kochs’ and their network’s chagrin. The Kochs wanted candidates amenable to their will, and Trump didn’t fit the bill. They considered him a distraction before he rocketed to first in the polls, and even toyed with the idea of spending tens of millions of dollars to attack him. Trump mocked the Kochs while on the campaign trail, calling their preferred candidates “puppets” enacting their donors’ agenda: I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) but I don’t want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2015,  I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2015,  While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016,  Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the ”puppet” of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016,  I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016,  Koch’s guest: Harry Hurt III, who authored the 1993 book, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, which stated Ivana Trump accused her   of “raping” her in a sworn deposition during their divorce. In a Facebook post published on the same day, Hurt recounted the incident in third person: Donald Trump personally booted the author of an unflattering biography off Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach on Friday. Harry Hurt III, who penned the 1993 biography, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, had come to play with billionaire industrialist David. H. Koch, a Trump club member, and two other golfers. Hurt, who has a scratch handicap and plays in colorful knickers, walked over to Trump on the practice range prior to his group’s assigned tee time, only to suffer a tongue lashing from the  . “I said, ‘Congratulations, sir,’ and shook his hand,” Hurt recalls. “Trump said, ‘You were rough on me, Harry. Really rough. That shit you wrote. ’” Hurt says he looked Trump in the eye, and said, “It’s all true,” to which Trump rejoined, “Not in the way you wrote it. ” Among the juicy tidbits in Hurt’s tome was Ivana Trump’s allegation in a sworn deposition that Trump had “raped” her during their divorce battle. Trump told Hurt it was “inappropriate” for him to play at the club, and had his security detail escort Hurt, Koch, and their playing partners to the parking lot. “David [Koch] was appalled,” says Hurt. “He branded Trump ‘petty’ and vulgar.’ We played Emerald Dunes instead, which is a much, much better golf course than Trump International. ” Accusing Trump of “raping” his ex wife, Ivana Trump, was a false media accusation arising early in the Republican primaries —  and a weapon the Democratic Party planned to use in the general election after Fox News’ Megyn Kelly and the Daily Beast “rushed it on air” and into print, using Hurt’s book, before bothering to check with Ivana about its truth. It backfired spectacularly when Ivana slammed the allegations and endorsed her   for president. ““I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit,” she said in a July 2015 statement. “Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president. ” Breathless media coverage of the New Years’ Eve encounter between Trump, Koch, and his guest framed it as Trump having little tolerance for criticism: Nearly every headline focused on the biographer and his critical book, not Koch. Read Politico’s report, including more from Hurt and a transition official’s account, here.",0
8860,Rupert Murdoch Calls Special Meeting as Fox News Ratings Falter,"Fox News executive chairman Rupert Murdoch will host a   meeting Wednesday amid internal turmoil at the network and threats to its ratings dominance from MSNBC. [According to Deadline, Murdoch is set to host two meetings at the network’s new studio, Studio F, where he will discuss both the company’s plans for a new newsroom and its overall direction and future. The meetings will reportedly be held in two shifts to accommodate all staff.  The meetings come as the network has been rocked by a series of sexual harassment and racial discrimination lawsuits in recent months, culminating in last month’s departure of star anchor and   cable news ratings king Bill O’Reilly. Following O’Reilly’s departure, the network’s primetime schedule underwent perhaps its most significant reshuffling  in years, with Tucker Carlson taking over O’Reilly’s 8 p. m. time slot and the panel show The Five moving to 9 p. m. But the network faces an early test of its new lineup from MSNBC, which has benefitted greatly from star anchor Rachel Maddow and its lineup’s breathless coverage of the Trump administration. Last week, MSNBC won the key demo ( ) during weeknights for the first time in seven years, with The Rachel Maddow Show, The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell and The 11th Hour with Brian Williams all finishing first in their respective time slots, according to Adweek. Fox News finished first in total viewership, with an average 2. 6 million viewers, but MSNBC was right on its heels with 2. 4 million. CNN lagged far behind with 1. 3 million. It was the 19th straight week that Fox News led all competitors in total viewers. But the network’s hold on total viewership could soon be in jeopardy as well. On Monday, MSNBC came within two thousand viewers of surpassing Fox News in that category, and Fox slipped to third in the news demo with 499, 000 viewers to CNN’s 608, 000 and MSNBC’s 662, 000. Murdoch’s Wednesdays meetings are reportedly meant to “rally the troops” in the face of the challenges. Meanwhile, the network’s former talent is moving on. On Monday, Bill O’Reilly announced he would be a guest on radio host and the Blaze founder Glenn Beck’s program on Fridays. Update: Fox News was the   cable network in total day viewership for the 19th consecutive week, according to Nielsen data. “In primetime, FNC also ranked #1 in all of basic cable with P2+ including NBA   TNT, with 2. 3 million viewers,” the network noted in a Tuesday email to reporters.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8861,"An ‘I Voted’ Sticker Can Get You Free Stuff, but It Shouldn’t - The New York Times","Election Day is upon us, and that means (among other things) that the American voter is entitled to a bunch of free stuff: doughnuts, pizza, cheese dip, you name it. It is all provided by businesses looking to get a bit of publicity by encouraging everyone to fulfill their civic duty. The only problem? All those giveaways are technically against the law. “The basic line on this is in an election where a federal candidate is on the ballot, you cannot give anyone any reward  —   anything of any value  —   for turning out to vote,” said Rick Hasen, a professor of law and political science at the University of California, Irvine. “It doesn’t matter if it’s a civic pride thing or if it’s not about any one candidate. ” But companies are rarely penalized for Election Day freebies, he said. That means these kinds of giveaway offers pop up every four years, including today. At some businesses, an “I Voted” sticker is your ticket to free things. It will get you a free cookie at Great American Cookies and a red, white and blue   pin at Foot Locker. A sticker was also previously required by Krispy Kreme, which changed its offer (and deleted a tweet advertising it) on Monday evening. Now voters and nonvoters alike can get a free snack from the   which, perhaps reflecting political tensions, told its customers that a robust turnout can ensure that “democracy lives on. ” Other businesses require you to simply say you voted. Chuck E. Cheese’s will give you a free   pepperoni pizza if you say you voted or use a coupon code. You can also get free chips and cheese dip at California Tortilla by saying one of three   passwords (one is “Make Queso Great Again” another is a more Clintonian “I’m With Queso. ”) “This comes up every election because businesses have this   idea that they can promote their business and be patriotic,” Professor Hasen said. “It’s not intuitively obvious that it’s illegal to give things away to people who exercise their civic pride. I certainly understand the confusion. ” Some giveaways are acceptable, however. The big one is transportation: It is common for political groups, churches and others to provide voters a free lift to the polls on Election Day. In that spirit, Uber and Google have teamed up on a feature that lets voters find their polling place and then request a ride there.   Uber users will get $20 off their ride if they use the code “VOTETODAY. ” Lyft is offering a 45 percent discount on one ride (because the nation is electing its 45th president) between 7 a. m. and 8 p. m. in almost two dozen cities. Zipcar, a   service, is providing free use of its cars so people can drive themselves to the polls. Arrangements like that shouldn’t pose a legal problem, experts said. But when it comes to an election, everything is up for debate. “You can have an extended law school class discussion about exactly what is the difference between driving someone to the polls when it would cost them several dollars to get there versus just giving them $5 outright,” said Edward B. Foley, a professor of law and the director of the Election Law Program at Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law. “That’s a slippery slope, to use a term law professors like to use a lot. ” Then there is Starbucks. Its civic engagement  —   and unease  —   has been on display since last week, when it released a special edition paper cup meant as a statement of national unity. On Tuesday, the company’s chairman and chief executive, Howard Schultz, sent a   pep talk to all Starbucks employees that began with an admission of his own   anxiety and an elegy for the lost “promise of America. ” He urged his employees to stay positive and be kind to one another and the people around them. “In the face of this epic, unseemly election and the concern we all share about the direction of our country and the lack of truth and void of leadership, we can still make a difference in the lives of the people we touch and influence every day,” he wrote. But will it be giving anything away? A spokesman on Monday night said the answer was no.",0
8862,"BUSTED: THE TRUTH COMES OUT, TWITTER FOUNDER INVOLVED IN HIDING AMERICAN CELEBRITY PEDOPHILE RING - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
A screenshot from “An Open Secret,” a 2015 documentary about pedophilia in the entertainment industry . 
I’ve got some good news and some bad news. 
Let’s start with the bad news: this is one of those unpleasant, disturbing articles that I sometimes write here at CDP. It deals with a topic that I wish didn’t exist to be reported. But reality is what it is, so we might as well face it head-on. 
Which brings me to the good news: “The truth shall set you free.” 
That teaching is, of course, from Jesus, found in the Gospel of Sty. John, and it is the torch that we will carry to brave the dark tunnels ahead. As bad as it is, the good news is that dragging perversion and corruption into the light is the only way to destroy them, and the only way to set others free from the corrupt. 
In any case, here is what we know so far about “Twittergate,” according to a recent post by NorthCrane.com : 
Several Twitter users [earlier this week] were reporting child pornography accounts and sending them to 0hour, an active member of Anonymous. The Anonymous user, @0hour , was retweeting them and tagging Twitter, FBI and Disney. The YouTube user, notsafeforjerk, is providing up-to-date reports on #Twittergate . 
Just some of the Twitter accounts exposed for posting child-sex content 
[embedded content] 
I can’t understand this man’s accent well at all, but your mileage may vary. 
Not surprisingly, a few hours later, “0hour got his account suspended”–and it’s not the first time his account has been suspended–yet, very disturbingly, “many of the child pornography accounts remained active, despite the child pornography being publicly displayed on the Twitter accounts.” 
No comment. 
I know of one Twitter user whose account has been banned 11 times (and counting) in the last few weeks, and once three times in the same day, because he consistently tweets about the Podesta pedo ring, #pizzagate , spirit cooking, the Clinton Foundation’s human trafficking baggage, and so on. (He is able to restore his account almost immediately, however, because he uses Keybase, which, provides proof of his identity so Twitter readmits him under a different handle/name.) 
At this point, the Twitter gods are either malicious for allowing such content to remain public, or too apathetic and incompetent to do anything about it, which, in terms of public harm, is just as bad. 
The North Crane article ends on this note: “As more people become involved in the manhunt, the scope of horror increases.” 
Sadly, this is truer than the author might have realized. 
Hold fast to those torches, dear readers; we’re going farther down the tunnel. 
+ + + 
The reason Twitter may be “asleep at the wheel” during this #Twittergate storm is that Twitter’s CEO, Jack Dorsey, may very well be involved in the pedophilia underworld inhabited by the rich, the famous, and the powerful in Obama’s America. 
The “blueprint” for the esoteric “spirit cooking” rituals that were exposed in the weeks before election day is Marina Abramovic’s 1996 cookbook of the same name. **** 
Ten years later, Dorsey gave a nod to the ritual in this tweet : 
Making “pasta” and “Satanic” allusions are key elements/codes in Spirit Cooking. 
As the replies indicate, this tweet was unearthed within the last day, and has a disturbing significance in light of the larger Podesta ring. 
At this point, a natural objection is to shrug this off as a weird possible aspect of one CEO’s life. 
Unfortunately, Dorsey’s strange affinity for the pedo world belongs of a larger context. The 2015 documentary An Open Secret was directed by Amy Berg, and “exposes how pedophiles operate in Hollywood and cover up their crimes.” In addition, Berg’s 2006 documentary on the Catholic Church’s cover-up of pedophilia/pederasty, Deliver Us from Evil , was nominated for an Oscar. 
The Hollywood Reporter has described the film as “A sober look at…the sexual exploitation of teenage boys in the entertainment industry by the older men who can make or break their careers…. [W]ith any luck it will encourage other victims to speak up, and enlighten the parents of showbiz aspirants about the industry’s dangers.” 
Several journalists are included in the film. One journalist said his story documenting the sexual crimes committed by top Hollywood figures was censored. 
Berg said she could not find any company willing to distribute her film until Rocky Mountain Pictures, the distributor behind such ground-breaking conservative-oriented documentaries as Obama 2016 , stepped up to release An Open Secret in various cities this summer. 
The film identifies a pedophile ring led by a convicted sex offender named Marc Collins-Rector, who had ties to the rich and famous in Hollywood. Collins-Rector established an Internet-based TV company called Digital Entertainment Network (DEN). 
Bad news: this is real. 
Good news: they can’t hide anymore. 
One blogger hit the nail on the head when he says that for years conservatives, 
have tried to argue why their positions on a given issue were better than the liberal positions pushed by the entertainment industry. … But to be persuaded about the whole sweep of their criticisms, you’d have to evaluate every argument….. 
A far more efficient use of time, money, and energy is not to attack all the myriad weirdnesses that Hollywood produces, but to attack the source from which they spring . If what produced them is rotten, polluted, and corrupted, the average person is willing to believe that the fruits themselves are rotten, polluted, and corrupted. 
As such, he argues, the DoJ under President Trump ought to attack the Hollywood perverts and “blow the lid off of a similar culture of pedophilia among the DC Establishment insiders.” Because even if our culture is growing more and more tolerant of degradation and immorality, “there’s still one taboo left that everyone recoils in disgust at, and it’s pedophilia.” 
More good news: The truth shall set you free–to fight the darkness. 
Share this article to inform and encourage your friends and family! Related ",0
8863,Worker channels Liam Neeson after their lunch is “Taken”,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Worker channels Liam Neeson after their lunch is “Taken” When something they love (in this case spaghetti) is kidnapped by sinister, unknown forces – one person is forced to take dramatic steps to stop it happening again.",0
8864,Venezuela: Will the army save the nation from chaos?,"Venezuela: Will the army save the nation from chaos? 27.10.2016 Vladimir Padrino The Venezuelan Parliament stopping the procedure of the referendum about the resignation of President Nicolas Maduro and urged the people for ""rebellion."" The Brazilian precedent has thus become a practice, which can be referred to as a ""legitimate illegal coup"". Why is so hard for Washington to topple Venezuelan President Maduro? Legitimate illegal coup Print version Font Size Not that long ago, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff was removed from power in compliance with all constitutional procedures. Dilma was a leftist progressive president, who was accused of using loans of private banks to consolidate the budget, which played a crucial role in the formation of her positive image in the presidential race. This practice is frequently used in Brazil, but the opposition could not forgive Rousseff for winning the presidential campaign by a very small margin.The economic situation in Venezuela is even harder than that in Brazil. The country suffers from low profitability of the budget due to the fall in oil prices and wild inflation of 400 percent for the current year. The authorities of the country had to introduce cards to distribute foodstuffs. The current situation in Venezuela looks very much like the one that Russia experienced in 1992: empty stores, hospitals where you have to pay for everything and depression. In the parliamentary elections last year, Socialists suffered a defeat, and the opposition bloc won the absolute majority of 74 to 26 votes.The government of Hugo Chavez should have created reserve funds not to let all this happen. In addition, Chavez used to give oil, the nation's treasure, away to assist ""fraternal peoples."" The previous administration of Venezuela made a mistake when it decided to develop economic ties with China. Today, China decreases both investment and oil procurement. As a result, the parliament's initiative to convene a referendum about Maduro's resignation has collected a lot more signatures than was necessary. A survey conducted by Venebarómetro shows that 88 percent of Venezuelans want to vote, and 10.8 million of them want Maduro to step down, whereas 1.4 million are against such a move. However, the courts of five provinces of Venezuela canceled the results of the first phase of the referendum signature collection, making the second phase of the process, which was scheduled for 26-28 October, impossible. It was important for the opposition to hold the referendum in 2016. If the referendum is held after January 10, 2017, and even the majority of Venezuelans vote to remove Maduro from power, the powers of the head of state for the remaining two years will be handed over to the sitting vice-president. If the referendum is held earlier, new elections would have taken place - this was the prime goal of the Venezuelan opposition. Maduro wins in the legal field of Venezuela, but not the opposition. One can talk a lot about the corruption of Brazilian senators, who voted for the impeachment of Dilma, and the corruption of Venezuelan judges, who did not approve the collected signatures, but it is very difficult and nearly impossible to prove it. Therefore, the dispute between the executive and the legislative powers of Venezuela may take an illegitimate turn to repeat the events that took place in Russia in 1993 or in Ukraine in 2014. In both of these scenarios, the army will play the decisive role. MP Freddy Guevara has already urged the Bolivarian National Armed Forces (BNVS) not to obey the dictatorship and not to shoot at their own people."" However, the army is loyal to Maduro. Vladimir Padrino is the future President of Venezuela? Venezuela's Defense Minister and the commander of the Strategic Operational Command, Vladimir Padrino López, remains personally loyal to President Maduro. Padrino has recently been appointed the chief of the Sovereign Supply Mission (misión Abastecimiento Soberano) and the Second Vice-President, which will allow him to perform the duties of the president in the event Maduro is impeached after January 10, 2017. Secondly, Padrino successfully neutralizes certain divisions within the army, to ensure the continuity of ""Chavismo."" There is a group of those, who do not want to see Maduro in power, but demand the ""return to the roots"" of the Bolivarian revolution. There are also those who consider themselves ""apostates from Chavismo"", whereas the third group is controlled by Chavistas, Member of Parliament, Chairman of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela Diosdado Cabello. His people believe that ""some things need to change, but not through the toppling of Maduro, because Cabello is his political ally.""Vice-Admiral Rafael Huizi Clavier believes that Padrino holds absolute power in the army. He has his people both in the National Guards (internal troops) and in military districts (Regiones de Defensa Integral (REDI)), which is a crucial aspect. Thus, it is clear that Maduro will be able to retain power in the midst of a crisis with Padrino's help. Lyuba Lulko",0
8866,Dog Waited Faithfully For Over A Month After His Owners Left Him Behind,"There have been horror stories of families leaving behind their pets when they move out, but usually they’re left inside the house where real estate agents can find them. For Boo the dog, he... ",0
8867,Philippines Proposes ‘Gentleman’s Agreement’ with China on South China Sea - Breitbart,"On Thursday, Philippine Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano suggested the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) should reach a “gentlemen’s agreement” on South China Sea waterways because there is no legal authority to enforce a binding contract for navigation through the region. [“If it’s legally binding, which court can the parties go to? And the countries that do not comply, will they respect that court?” Cayetano said to reporters, as reported by Reuters. “Let’s start with it being binding, gentlemen’s agreement. We have a community of nations that signed it. ”  He was referring to the draft framework for a South China Sea code of conduct between ASEAN and China on Thursday. Cayetano seemed to be throwing in the towel on getting China to sign a more stringent contract. As Reuters delicately puts it, there is “regional skepticism whether Beijing will commit to rules likely to restrain its maritime ambitions. ” Such a “gentleman’s agreement” would control shipping lanes that handle five trillion dollars per year in commerce. The proposal follows remarks by President Rodrigo Duterte that China was installing “some kind of armed garrison” on the disputed South China Sea islands it claims. Reuters notes that some of ASEAN’s representatives believe China is playing along with the draft framework merely to “buy time for Beijing to wrap up construction activities,” at which point Chinese ownership of everything Beijing covets in the region would be a fait accompli, despite the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague ruling against Chinese claims of sovereignty last year. China largely ignored the ruling, which explains Cayetano’s doubt that any controlling legal authority to enforce anything stricter than a gentleman’s agreement could be found. Chinese officials spoke vaguely of encouraging progress made in the talks with ASEAN but would not establish a firm timeline for finalizing a Code of Conduct. For their part, the Association nations took a notably softer stance against Chinese development of disputed islands, abandoning complaints about “land reclamation and militarization” at their April 30 summit meeting that were part of the previous year’s declarations.  At the time, Philippine President Duterte bluntly stated that complaining about China’s maritime activities was pointless because no one could pressure China into halting them  —   a similar, if less tactful, sentiment to the one expressed by Duterte’s foreign secretary at Thursday’s meeting. Deputy Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin, head of the Chinese delegation, said the new draft framework “will be an internal document and nobody should publish it,” because keeping the details confidential was key to “future consultations” with the ASEAN nations. Liu also expressed hope that “our consultations on the code are not subject to any outside interference,” in a rather obvious jab at the United States.  A report from the South China Morning Post said: China and ASEAN committed to drafting the code 15 years ago, and while it should, in theory, tame how they behave in the South China Sea, it remains an open question whether Beijing will be willing to slow construction of artificial islands and pursuit of effective control over disputed territory. It’s another question whether Southeast Asian countries will have any leverage to ask Beijing to respect the rules. The SCMP report states that China and the Philippines will continue bilateral talks aimed at “creating conditions for a final settlement over the two side’s claims in the South China Sea. ” Four ASEAN countries, including Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam, and the Philippines, have territorial disputes with China in the South China Sea, along with Taiwan, which is not a member of ASEAN.",0
8868,Letter to Judge in Bundy Case in Oregon,". 
Your Most Honorableness, October 30th, 2016 
I read in the papers and on the Internet that the Bundy’s and their cohorts were acquitted in your courtroom in Portland of all charges. 
I also read that the defendants were not released. 
I also read that their defense attorney, while asking for the papers that would keep his clients in jail, was attacked in your courtroom by the bailiffs and tasered on the floor after he’d been gang tackled. 
Is this your idea of justice? 
Atticus Finch in “To Kill a Mockingbird” said that, “The courts are the great levelers.” I don’t think that he meant the defense attorney should be leveled in the courtroom by government goons. 
You numbnuts in the court system are losing all, and I mean ALL, of your credibility with the public. We don’t believe in your robes and badges and court orders and bits of paper demanding this and that. We look at you as robbers. 
You have all become a farcical, dangerous, and way too powerful. 
You and I are the same age. You should know better. 
Sincerely,",0
8869,1000s of NATO troops train in Adazi (Latvia),"1000s of NATO troops train in Adazi (Latvia) Page 1 05/10/14 6 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (8 queries)",0
8870,"SeaWorld Stake, Long Held by Blackstone, Is Sold to Chinese Firm - The New York Times","Over seven years, the Blackstone Group nearly tripled its investment in SeaWorld, the home of Shamu and other killer whales. But that   return came with a major headache: dealing with the repercussions of “Blackfish,” a searing documentary that castigated SeaWorld’s treatment of orca whales in captivity. Now Blackstone is finally free of that burden. On Friday, the company sold its stake in SeaWorld to Zhonghong Group, a Chinese investment firm, for about $449 million. The deal will pave the way for SeaWorld to open parks in China. The sale was a quiet end to an investment Blackstone had once been happy to promote. At onetime, the company let two SeaWorld penguins roam the halls of its stately Manhattan offices and shake appendages with its chief executive, Stephen A. Schwarzman. But owning SeaWorld became a liability to its reputation after “Blackfish” debuted at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival. The film, which was eventually picked up by CNN, offered an indictment of SeaWorld’s care of Tilikum, an orca that became one of the park’s biggest stars, but that also was involved in the deaths of three people, including his trainer. Outrage over the film metastasized quickly into calls to prohibit keeping killer whales in captivity. Firms like Southwest Airlines severed ties to SeaWorld. The controversy eventually depressed attendance at SeaWorld’s theme parks, leading to the ouster of its chief executive in 2015. Since then, SeaWorld has stopped breeding whales and announced plans to phase out its famous orca shows in favor of attractions without live animals. Nevertheless, SeaWorld proved a winner for Blackstone financially. The firm’s final return amounted to about $1. 7 billion, or 2. 7 times its original investment, according to a person briefed on the matter, who was not authorized to speak publicly. That figure includes all of the stock Blackstone sold and the dividends it collected from the company. SeaWorld said that Blackstone sold its remaining 19. 5 million shares to Zhonghong at $23 each, or 26 percent more than the closing price Thursday. Blackstone declined to comment on the stake sale. It gained control of SeaWorld in 2009 when it bought   InBev’s theme parks. That deal made Blackstone  —   which at the time owned Universal Studios Orlando and the Madame Tussauds wax museum franchise  —   the country’s   theme park operator, behind Disney. The 2009 deal also gave Blackstone control of parks like Busch Gardens and Sesame Place. But it was SeaWorld and its   attractions in Florida, Texas and California that were clearly the crown jewels. “We are delighted to be investing in a company with such iconic brands, irreplaceable assets and strong growth prospects,” Michael Chae, a senior Blackstone executive, said at the time. For several years, business was good. Profits in 2012 were four times what they were the previous year. Blackstone took SeaWorld public in April of 2013, raising $702 million in the offering. Then “Blackfish” hit. SeaWorld shares have fallen nearly 46 percent since the initial offering. They closed up 4. 7 percent Friday, at $18. 13. Profits have fallen annually since 2012, leading to a $12. 5 million loss last year. Zhonghong is a conglomerate with holdings in real estate, leisure and tourism. Among its notable deals was its acquisition last year of the travel company Abercrombie  Kent. “Zhonghong Group is making a significant,   investment in SeaWorld, reflecting their appreciation of the strength of our brand, our potential to grow the company and a shared commitment to protect wildlife and the environment,” Joel Manby, SeaWorld’s chief executive, said in a statement. SeaWorld will advise Zhonghong on new parks in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. In return, Zhonghong will gain two seats on SeaWorld’s board. “We are delighted to engage with SeaWorld to bring this iconic,   family entertainment brand to China,” said Yoshikazu Maruyama, president of Zhonghong’s American holdings. “SeaWorld’s commitment to inspiring guests to protect animals and our oceans is increasingly relevant to people all around the world. ”",0
8871,’Hope’ Poster Artist Unveils New Artwork for Trump Inauguration,"Shepard Fairey, the artist behind President Obama’s iconic “Hope” poster, has released a series of new works aheads of   Donald Trump’s inauguration. [The series of three posters, unveiled last week, include photographs of   Latina and Muslim women shaded in Fairey’s signature red, white and blue colors with variations on the phrase “We the People” written below them.  The artwork was commissioned by the   Amplifier Foundation, which hopes to distribute the posters all around Washington, D. C. during the weekend of Trump’s inauguration, and place    featuring the images in the weekend edition of the Washington Post. The   also commissioned works from artists Ernesto Yerena and Jessica Sabogal. “There is a lot of division right now. Trump is not a healer,” Fairey told PBS last week. “Art, on the other hand, is healing and inclusive, whether topically it celebrates humanity, or whether it’s just compelling visuals to make a human connection. ” “And so we thought it was the right time to make a campaign that’s about diversity and inclusion, about people seeing the common bonds we have, and our connections as human beings,” he added. “The idea was to take back a lot of this patriotic language in a way that we see is positive and progressive, and not let it be hijacked by people who want to say that the American flag or American concepts only represent one narrow way of thinking. ” The Amplifier Foundation launched a Kickstarter project earlier this month to raise money to be able to distribute the artwork quickly the project had raised $1. 3 million as of Wednesday morning, far exceeding its goal of $60, 000. Fairey  —   who said in 2015 that Obama had failed to live up to the hype of his iconic “Hope” poster  —   told PBS that that the new images were inspired by his background in “punk rock. ” “When the status quo is fearful and scapegoating, then the most punk rock you can be is finding common ground with your fellow human beings,” he said.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8872,"US Army Chief of Staff Meets With Ukrainian, Turkish Counterparts","Get short URL 0 26 0 0 US Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley has met with his Turkish and Ukrainian counterparts on the sidelines of the Conference of European Armies (CEA) in Germany, according to a statement issued by the general on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Army Europe hosted the 24th annual CEA meeting, which brought together representatives from 38 nations. Met with my Turkish & Ukrainian Army counterparts during #CEA ; our partnerships are essential to the stability & security of #StrongEurope pic.twitter.com/BcV1MM1tZf — GEN Mark A. Milley (@GENMarkMilley) October 26, 2016 
​Milley said the event allowed partners to discuss challenges and strategies to deterring threats in Europe, outline priorities and talk about outcomes of the NATO Warsaw Summit that took place in July. ...",0
8873,Rise of the Divine Human,"Rise of the Divine Human Through a deceptive Interdimensional Intervention, Humanity has been disconnected from the Source, a... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/rise-of-divine-human.html Through a deceptive Interdimensional Intervention, Humanity has been disconnected from the Source, and downgraded, that he may be enslaved within the matrix of society. But now the divine light is shining in his heart again, the human soul is healing and through the activation of Kundalini , reconnecting fully with the Source. We're channeling that light through our being and out into the world which is beginning to break down the old fear based reality. It's time for humanity to get off his knees and rise up; to peel off this limiting intervention by initiating the divine being within.How does that work? How do we resurrect those divine gifts that are our birth right? The Seven Bodily Vehicles of Expression We are multi-dimensional beings stretching into the highest levels of consciousness. The human soul flows downwards through ever decreasing vibrational plains of existence like a stream cascading down the mountain from the Source. The stream of our soul interacts with the dimensions at various consciousness exchange points (known as chakras) where ""Unity Consciousness"" as the soul flows into ""Separation Consciousness"" as the bodily vehicles. The overriding purpose is to initiate divine acts of creativity — ""Right Action"" — by which to experience who we really are. In my observation, here's how that flow is supposed to happen. By bringing conscious awareness to this information, can direct you - through internal awareness - how to reactivate your divine human... 7. Spirit-Light-Body ( merkaba ): the spirit-light-body was designed to receive soul consciousness through the crown chakra to align our being with the right dimensional activity inline with our higher purpose. Through the spirit-light-body, the soul has the capacity to act through multiple planes of consciousness simultaneously. It interconnects us with all other sentient life and is able to harmonise with the co-creative intent of other souls within our sphere of influence. Our divine purpose could be channeling in the harmonistic light of the Fifth Dimensional Realm to which we are ascending; it could be counteracting Opposing Consciousness in the Fourth Dimensional Realm to prevent distortional interference; alternatively it could be bringing absolute presence into the Third Dimension to fulfill creative activity. Thus the spirit-light-body shines the light of our soul interdimensionally. 6. Celestial Body: the celestial body harnesses and stores reflections of our soul through the countless lifetimes we've experienced. It's purpose is to help us align with our true aspects of beingness. The downward shining light of the soul is next received into the third eye chakra, which ‘looks’ into the outer world comparing what it sees to the reflections of the soul in the celestial body. When the soul notices its own brilliance, it helps us align with and unfold those aspects of beingness that are most becoming of us; we settle into our groove so to speak. It is that feeling of complete self-belief, self-confidence, self-acceptance and contentment. When we can notice ourselves manifested in the outer world through our own authentic inner reflection, that is when we are truly living. We are frequently reduced to tears at the seemingly simplest of things because we are fulfilling our divine purpose. 5. Higher Mind: from authentic being arises authentic creation. The purpose of higher mind is to harmonise with the divine flow of synchronicity and initiate ""Right Action"" aligned with the universe. Through the power of the celestial body, we have noticed how to be within the external world and now is the time to experience this through creative action. At this stage, the creative impulse is quite abstract and undefined; the purpose is more about creative intent, and co-creating with other sentient life, rather than an actual creation itself. The soul now acts through higher mind, gathering together ‘elementals of consciousness’ into a directional flow of Right Action, like swirling clouds in the heavens. 4. Causal Body: the causal body is where our ""karma"" is held. It is the cause of our incarnation, it sets the agenda for our learning experience based on the attachments and creative experiences we need to evolve through. As the soul shines its beams of creative light down through the higher vehicles, our karma casts shadows of attachment through the lower bodies and into our outer experience. The causal body (also known as the energy body) now attracts and manifests exactly the right conditions to unveil the learning experiences required for our evolution. We are invited to confront and dissolve the obscuring clouds of karma by fulfillment of non-judgmental Right Action. We perceive this directing influence as a pull through the Heart Center - ""this is the way to go now"". 3. Lower Mind: lower mind is designed to receive, interpret and process higher channeled knowing through our clairvoyant, clairaudient and clairsentient (psychic) skills. So now we know what to do, the question is how to do it? If our authentic, creative action does not get side-tracked, the gathering energies are next passed into our subconscious or ""lower mind"". Lower mind then helps us to ‘connect the dots’ within the co-creative weave. Through the clairvoyant, clairaudient and clairsentient skills of lower mind, we notice rhythms and patterns of synchronicity in our “consciousness landscape” and have clear visions of the ‘garment’ to be created. As Right Action clicks into place moment by moment, it becomes abundantly clear what we are being invited to do and how to do it. 2. Emotional Body: the emotional body builds energy, passion and conviction around our behaviours to bring our creative Right Action into fruition. The creative process has now gathered together the right fabric for our creation, but it now has to be woven into form. The soul now utilizes the emotional body to garner more consciousness 'elementals' and weaves emotion around the creative act. It provides a multi-coloured palette of experience that brings the garment to life. It makes the illusionary reality feel very real, yielding meaning and sense of purpose to life. However, once the creative action has come to fruition, the weave of the garment is meant to quickly unwind again, so that something else may be created. It is not a part of the human design that we hang onto emotions and build identities around them as is so often the case. 1. Physical Body: the physical body provides the ultimate vehicle to bring the creative, downward flowing process into full expression; it provides the experience of separation - of one thing relative to another. Finally, the soul’s gathering weave of elementals takes form around our ultimate vehicle of creative expression - the physical body. As the master weaver, our brain reads the pattern that has been crafted through our higher bodily vehicles and then orchestrates a magical symphony of activity throughout our billions of material cells. The physical body finally brings life to the creative action experienced in the myriad of human, physical possibility. The physical body is a multifaceted mirror of higher creative intent. It is the jewel in the crown; when functioning as designed, it makes the illusion of reality real. Why is it then that most people don't experience natural human beingness in this way? The Matrix — a system of control We live in a system of control. Our lower minds, emotional and physical bodies are over-stimulated with constant dis-harmonious distraction. Corporate marketeers, governments and the powerful, build unnatural life-styles propagated constantly through TV, newspapers, radio and other media. The surrounding energy field is bombarded with electromagnetic interference through mobile phones, satellite, microwave and WiFi. Our food is purposefully infused with addictive substances; processed sugar, caffeine, artificial colourings, pesticides, hormones and GMO . Our water is contaminated with nitrates from the industrial foodchain and so-called 'medicinal' drugs that end up being constantly recirculated in our water system. It would seem our society has been perfectly configured to desensitise and condition souls to conform to lower patterns of behavior. The average home has constant, residual electric fields due to over-use of electronic gadgetry. Most houses are awash with toxic chemicals used to clean and disinfect which in actual fact damages and lowers our energetic sensitivity. The same can be said for the unnatural polyesters and other oil based compounds used to make our clothes. The overall effect if to create addictive, conditioned behaviours in the lower mind and physical body which then trap, fragment and dissipate the flow of the soul into continual, repetitive 'eddy currents'. So the downward flowing soul is truncated at the solar plexus - our lower mind - and just like software on a computer, neural webs of behaviour form in the brain locking the soul into a ' false self ' persona. This false self then creates a lower based life-style which can be readily controlled by the I ntervention Agenda . So perfect is this system of control, many awakening people are left with the inescapable conclusion that it was designed and perpetuated that way to enslave people. So how do we liberate ourselves and return to authenticity once more? Our Journey of Ascension After centuries of incarnation and losing ourselves in this artificial drama, we're being gifted an opportunity. A powerful wave of higher consciousness is beginning to activate within people's hearts. This ""Christ Consciousness"" as some call it (although not of a religious nature), has been dispatched to liberate those who are ready to step out of the maze. This energy works by sounding a note - a vibration which resonates with and therefore amplifies the sound of our soul that it may be heard once more above the outer noise of society. The Christ Consciousness helps reconnect with the unity of all life and the cosmic library of all knowing. It helps reactivate the natural flow within. So what can we do in our day-to-day lives to facilitate the maximum inflow of this evolutionary consciousness? How may we provide the most fertile inner ground for the seeds to germinate and grow? Our book "" Five Gateways "" has plenty of insight, guidance and tools that awakening souls can benefit from. Here below are seven recommendations from the book: 1. Surrender: be absolutely clear that the ONLY game going on in the universe is self-realisation and that we might as well finally surrender and take an active part in that game rather than trying to conveniently ignore it while it plays with us! So accept that ALL events, happenings and circumstances have but one purpose...to discover our absolute completeness - our ""absoluteness"" - beyond all circumstances. Realise the aim of the game is to be completely free inside WHATEVER happens. 2. Become the ""Observer"": the next step is to become the Observer of ourselves in all activities, events and circumstances. We notice where we lose our temper; where we become tight inside because of other people's behaviour; where we might blame another for the reality we are creating ourselves; where our addictions to something in particular cause us to act in predictable ways. When we notice this, firstly it is important just to watch it, accept responsibility for it, but not judge ourselves. In this way, we are already beginning to break free. It's also important to contemplate and utilise techniques for regaining the place of the Observer when we lose it, which inevitably happens in the beginning. It could be a deep breathing exercise for example, a visualisation meditation, or a mantra of some kind. Some people find it of particular benefit to put up strategically placed 'post-it' notes around the house; ""let go"" for instance. 3. Open the heart: next we need to open the heart further by attuning to those experiences that generate the sublime taste of divine oneness; the feelings such as lightness, expansiveness, timelessness and infinite peace. So the key is to follow those experiences that give us joy as much as possible - ""what makes our Hearts sing"" - until we are tuning in consistently throughout the day. Whilst we are in the experience, it is still paramount that we're observing ourselves in it. So it could be a few moments of deep breathing at our desk, walking in the lunch break admiring natural beauty or doing the gardening after work; whatever 'crumbles our cookie', the key is to be watching ourselves in our joy. 4. Follow the inner pull: as the heart opens, we begin to notice the natural synchronistic order of things and an inner pull to ""Right Action"". Sometimes this pull can be felt as an energy through the heart chakra, sometimes it is a simple inner knowing ""this is what to do now"". In which case it will benefit us to always respond to that pull. Where does the pull lead? It will guide us to events, circumstances and experiences that provide an opportunity to express a ""divine gift of beingness"" and to expose conditioned behaviour patterns formed from an attachment to a desired outcome. These are ""distortions"" of authentic beingness, often created by society and causing us to get tight, worried, angry or frustrated. 5. Deal with distortions and addictive behaviour: the key to dealing with distortions is to realise each conceals a divine gift of beingness and to ultimately unveil that instead. So for example someone might smoke because it gives them the feeling of relaxed completeness; we might drink because it makes us feel more sociable and confident; we might comfort eat because it gives us the feeling of contentment. Alternatively we might get worried, stressed or tight around particular issues because we think we need a particular outcome. The key to overcoming such conditioning is to go within, breathe deeply, settle into the pregnant pause before the moment is born, find our sense of inner completeness and then make space for an authentic act of beingness to arise naturally. This is by no means an easy thing to do, but the more we practice it, the more we'll realise every moment offers a black and white choice: give in to conditioning or surrender into the soul. In this way, we become the masters of our own destiny. 6. Raise our energetic vibration: this can be achieved by regulating the denseness of vibrations we bring into the body thereby limiting the stimuli that raise our internal metabolic rate. So for example, if we eat dense, processed foods polluted with toxins then the body has to work harder to process them and the extra effort swallows up consciousness. Or if we pollute our minds with too much clutter, or the negativity caused by the judgmentalism frequently expressed through the media, then we tend to tighten inside. Internal tightness is also heightened by too much computer time, over use of electrical gadgets and chemical toxins used in household cleaning materials. The key is to organise our immediate living environment to raise our energetic vibration. 7. Conduct regular spiritual practice: we live in a world that de-sensitises us and it is therefore of paramount importance that we redress the balance by conducting regular spiritual practice such as daily meditation. Traditionally meditation is considered as sitting quietly in stillness, but it could also happen during movement or breathing. What is essential, is that we begin to open, cleanse and harmonise the chakra system . This infuses the light of the soul through our being, thus reactivating the Seven Bodily Vehicles of Expression. Also such practice liberates powerful endorphins into the body which counteract the intervention energy. They redress the internal balance helping us find greater harmony and peace that we may reactivate the divine, downward creative flow. Read: 13 Chakras — Your Next Spiritual Level The ""Resurrection"" When we're truly connecting to the soul and experiencing it through the Seven Bodily Vehicles, it feels like coming home. Whatever is happening in the external drama, we feel like we're 'in the groove'. We sense our at-one-ment with the whole of life. Sitting on a park bench watching the light flickering through the leaves suddenly takes on a much deeper meaning. You find yourself soaring on the thermals of life. A yearning takes hold to return to our true nature; we're ready to turn away from society's conditioning and find the truth - to activate the divine human within. When you start fully infusing soul through meditation, you'll be taken on a magical journey of remembrance, of detoxification, healing and rejuvenation. The Seven Bodily Vehicles are purified, reactivated and re-energised - in short they are ""resurrected"". You re-acquire those skills so tragically taken from you. You once more take on multi-dimensional form; a much greater expanded reality becomes your truth. You are reacquainted with your birth-right. Rise, Divine Human! By Open — Rise Up from Openhand on Vimeo . Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
8874,"Turkey Deploys Tanks, Artillery Along Iraq Border","DM: Deployments Aim to Prepare for 'Developments in the Region' by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
Adding to concerns about tensions between the Turkish and Iraqi government, Turkey has deployed a convoy of tanks and artillery along the Iraqi border today, a move they say it meant to prepare for any potential “developments” in the region. 
The deployment appears to be centered on the area around Mosul. Turkish President Erdogan promised to participate in the invasion of Mosul, but was spurned by the Abadi government in Iraq. This has been an ongoing argument between the two sides, and the deployment may suggest Turkey plans an involvement in Mosul, however unwelcome. 
The deployment also comes following a recent spate of fighting with the Kurdish PKK inside southeastern Turkey, and some reports have speculated that the deployment could be intended as further force against the PKK forces on the Iraqi side of the border. 
While Turkey has been fighting Kurdish factions pretty much everywhere for decades, the government has picked up its attacks against the Kurdish YPG in Syria over the past month, and also claimed a “ natural right ” to invade Iraq if they are threatened. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
8875,Just Add Salt: How to Make Bacon and Pancetta at Home - The New York Times,"Curing meat is why humans could stay put when there was nothing to grow, kill or steal. It is how conquerors and discoverers lasted while they traveled the world. But the refrigerator and the modern food industry  —   with its cans, plastic bags and chemicals  —   have made the average home cook afraid of this most simple and useful food preparation. There is no good reason for this: All you really need is salt. And the result? Malcolm, my    son, may have said it best, “Whatever is on my bagel is really good. ” He was a test taster for   lox I made while madly seasoning and drying out flesh over several months for this article. I had worried that I left the fish socked with salt in the refrigerator too long. The outside was dry, jerkylike, not the silky sort from a package of even average lox. I had to cut deeper  —   into fresh wild salmon infused with smoked salt, sugar, fennel fronds and fennel pollen  —   to reach the prize. I was surprised by how good it was, and this is no humble brag. You can buy wonderful lox from a store: This was a different taste planet. It was also easy. I made it myself with exactly the fish and flavors I wanted. And the boy liked it, a lot. Unlike the decision to become a better cook generally, which pays off every day, the resolve to do your own curing prompts a few basic questions before you start. Mostly: Why bother? “It tastes so good is the only answer,” said Brian Polcyn, the chef and an author of one of the most popular books on curing, “Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing. ” “A Ford Focus is a good car. It will get you Point A to Point B. No shame in driving it. A Mercedes E class? You can feel the difference. ” A second question is one of ambition. Curing spans a range from bacon or basic corned beef to the elaborate,   salamis of Italian or French charcuterie. The latter take much practice dredging eBay and Amazon for humidifiers, grinders, slicers, casings and pH readers, even building a drying room for precise temperatures and moisture. I’m sure it’s a satisfying hobby, but it’s also an insane amount of work  —   and requires elevated caution about safety. Cured food is, by definition, not cooked. Without proper precautions, it can foster dangerous bacteria. Rot can be good for wine, beer, cheese or yogurt. It can also make you sick or die. Cured meat that involves fermentation raises that risk. Paul Bertolli, a former chef at Chez Panisse and an early advocate of bringing back   suggests leaving the more complicated stuff to the experts. A great introduction, though it does get complicated, is one of my favorite cookbooks, Mr. Bertolli’s “Cooking by Hand. ” He went on to found the website Fra’ Mani, dedicated to all things cured he learned from his Italian grandparents in California. What I’ve been experimenting with for the last eight or so years is not grinding and fermenting but drying out solid pieces of meat as they are transformed with just salt, spices and air. Turns out our ancestors stumbled onto something magical: Salt preserves the meat by sucking the water out, retarding spoilage and concentrating flavor. The process also allows the added flavors to infuse into the meat, making it something different altogether, as well as making it more your own. How long it lasts depends on whom you ask. It’s safe to say dried meat will last a few weeks in the refrigerator without problems and much longer if frozen, which is perfectly fine. Fresh products like bacon or nondried pancetta go rancid much more quickly and should be checked carefully. Trouble is easy to detect: I’ve noticed dried meats don’t so much spoil as grow yellowish and don’t smell fresh. Then it’s time to toss them. Don’t think of curing as an heirloom exercise in recreating life how it used to be. Like Mr. Bertolli, many proponents of curing learned it from relatives who did it partly out of love, partly out of necessity. So despite the last few generations of mass produced and preserved food, curing is an art that was never lost. Maybe out of fashion, but ever alive. “For me, it’s the pleasure of making things you are going to consume yourself,” Mr. Bertolli said. “There is a pride in it. ” I’ve developed a basic and useful repertoire that requires no special equipment, space or even much time: bacon, both American and Italian (pancetta) lox, and duck prosciutto, an impressive and fun little trick that I learned from Mr. Polcyn and that you can brag over at your next dinner party as if you just brought it back from Parma. It cures for just one day under kosher salt alone. I started curing out of love of a particular dish, pasta carbonara. My family and I lived in Rome for four years, and when we moved back to New York in 2008, it was not easy to find guanciale, or cured pig cheek, carbonara’s essential ingredient, even though we’re in Brooklyn, rightly mocked and loved as the navel of foodie obtuseness. Romans say with snobby certainty you can make carbonara only with guanciale, not pancetta or bacon. I’m fine with any, but there is no question that guanciale makes the dish taste like Rome. A local shop, Bklyn Larder in Park Slope, made its own and kept us supplied, that is until I came across a recipe from the Philadelphia pasta master Marc Vetri that he called shortcut guanciale. It promised the exotic without much pain or cost: salt, sugar, pepper, garlic, coriander and rosemary rubbed over the cheek and plopped into a Ziploc bag in the refrigerator for just three days. To use right away, you roast it for about three hours. It is sublime. We are fortunate enough to have a fireplace, so I thought: Why not dry it the way they do in Italy? I did, even if it drove the dogs mad, hanging temptingly just behind the screen in the unlit fireplace. Three weeks later I was rewarded with something I felt I didn’t do enough to deserve: It looked Old World on the outside, all tough and dry, the inside a strip of meat encased in almost buttery, flavorful fat. I realize most cooks aren’t going to find regular use for guanciale, though it adds wonders to other pastas, soups and even seafood dishes. For me, though, it lit a fuse: I moved from the pig’s cheek to its belly. Salts, sugar and maple syrup are all you need for tremendous American bacon. Nutmeg, juniper, garlic, thyme and bay leaf make pancetta, which can be used dry or fresh and is singularly versatile in the kitchen. Fish, salmon especially, cures in a few days and makes a New York bagel brunch a special occasion. (I just tried a recipe from Mr. Polcyn curing salmon with beets and fresh horseradish. I recommend it.) The list goes on, for every taste and ambition: jerky, pastrami, corned beef, full hams. I don’t own a smoker, but it notches the art up with little effort. There are websites devoted to prosciutto, which requires only salt, patience and the optimism of being alive in the year or so an entire pig leg takes to dry. Results, apparently, are spectacular. A few basics for new curers: It’s nice to have a fireplace, for temperature and air flow, but you can hang meat to dry in many places. People use closets, garages, basements, old refrigerators, a kitchen’s     nook. You won’t smell much of anything as it cures, since it generally is wrapped in plastic for many reasons, mostly because the meat gets quite wet as the salt pulls out the water. But the aroma is terrific: sweet and salty, with flavors like rosemary and cracked pepper at high decibel. Then there are the inevitable controversies of curing, which I’ll cover here only in outline. This is what the Internet was invented for, and readers of age can decide for themselves. Last year the curing community was set in an uproar over a World Health Organization report that linked cured and processed meat with an increase in colorectal cancer. As with many risks, experts say, moderation slims the chances considerably. There is also a theological debate over whether to use the most common curing salt, often called pink salt or Prague powder. It is a nitrite, and thus poisonous in quantity. Some curers prefer alternatives as safer and more natural. Experts I consulted recommended using it (in the prescribed small amounts) for several reasons: It’s effective in killing dangerous bacteria and contributes to the taste and color of good cured meat. I do, without apology. Finally, I’ll say that curing is handy (this was the whole point, before history was even invented) and can save a bundle. One recent rainy Sunday, our younger son, Nelson, came home from a day of hard New York skateboarding with a friend, starving, as    tend to be. We had not strategized dinner. We considered ordering out, but Indian food or sushi would run $60 at least. I looked in the fridge, and dinner assembled itself. A hunk of my old standby, guanciale, sat in a Ziploc. I sautéed it, added some onion, olive oil, tomato, white wine, pepper flakes and pecorino. And there we had maybe the tastiest of Roman pastas, amatriciana. Took 20 minutes. Cost less than $20 for four. The boys didn’t care where that   salty bacon came from, but they ate and were happy. I was, too, and the pleasure was not just in my stomach. Recipes:   and   Salmon | Duck Prosciutto | Shortcut Guanciale |   Bacon",0
8876,Dr. Humphries: “Acute Flaccid Paralysis” Used to be Called “Polio”,"by Dr. Suzanne Humphries 
There is a lot of talk in the past couple years about “flaccid paralysis” and some viruses going around maiming and killing children mainly in the western part of the USA. 
As always, the finer details are left out: things like provocation paralysis, meaning all the things that can be done to a body that can make any virus go deeper. One of those things is any needle into the muscle at all. 
The other thing left out of the acute flaccid paralysis conversation, is that it used t o be called “polio” and thought to be caused by a virus called the polio virus, causing a syndrome named “poliomyelitis.” 
The only problem is that different viruses and toxins can give the same results: poliomyelitis or flaccid paralysis. 
Many people think we have done away with polio and iron lungs. But we haven’t. The iron lung is now a much more efficient and sophisticated machine called the endotracheal ventilator. 
If you think that what is going on today with EV D-68 or any other numbered enterovirus, is new, please know that it is just history repeating itself because the people in charge of so-called “public health” seem to be completely out to lunch or bought when it comes to seeing the reality. 
Ask yourself why we heard so much about zika and ebola and almost nothing about the reality of today’s “polio.” Hint: Which diseases have vaccines in development? 
Polio was the second vaccine I researched on my quest to find the truth. I had to do it because so many people scoffed at my doubt over influenza vaccines, due to the supposed success of polio vaccines. Like all doctors, my knowledge of polio and any vaccines was very limited. 
What I found floored me. 
If the history of polio and vaccines interests you, please read one chapter out of Dissolving Illusions , that is available free to you in PDF .",0
8877,Goya Drops Puerto Rican Day Parade Celebrating Terrorist Freed by Obama,"Goya Foods has called it a “business decision” not to sponsor New York’s National Puerto Rican Day Parade for the first time in its   history after organizers announced they would honor prolific terrorist Oscar López Rivera at the event. [The company, founded by   Rican immigrants in New York, will withdraw $200, 000 in patronage from the event, according to local legislators.  López Rivera, identified as the head of the radical Marxist Armed Forces of National Liberation (FALN) terrorist group, was freed Wednesday after receiving a pardon from President Barack Obama. His supporters argue that he is an icon of Puerto Rican nationalism, a deeply divisive issue among the U. S. citizens who inhabit the island and praise his refusal to accept a pardon from President Bill Clinton that required him to express remorse for his participation in terrorist acts. Goya’s withdrawal from the parade followed news that López Rivera would be honored the title of “Icon of Liberty” at the event, scheduled for June 11. The corporation’s public relations head, Rafael Toro, told Fox News, however, that the decision not to participate in the event was not directly tied to López Rivera. “It was a business decision not to participate in the parade,” Toro said, noting that a false company statement had made the rounds on social media. Despite the clarification, the move may result in added pressure on other corporate sponsors to also withdraw from the parade or risk being seen as supporters of terrorism. The Associated Press notes that among those corporations still participating are the    companies ATT, Coca Cola, and the New York Yankees. The New York newspaper El Diario La Prensa credits a group called the Youth of the New Progressive Party for beginning a social media campaign calling for the boycott of any corporation that participates in the celebration. López Rivera himself dismissed Goya’s withdrawal and threatened the business with a boycott. “I think Goya would have more to lose if Puerto Rico boycotted it, and all Puerto Ricans, here and in the diaspora, boycotted Goya. So I think Goya has more to lose than us,” he told reporters. López Rivera arrived in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on Wednesday, greeted by an estimated four dozen supporters “holding flowers and Puerto Flags, some chanting ‘Free at last! ’” according to the Associated Press. New York State Sen. Rev. Rubén Díaz wrote in a column on his Facebook page that he has heard rumors that the airline Jet Blue may also withdraw from the parade, though Jet Blue has not considered withdrawing its business from the neighboring Caribbean country of Cuba, which maintains ties to terrorist groups like the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) and Hezbollah. In his column, Díaz lamented Goya’s exit and called, “as a Puerto Rican,” for the company to reconsider. “Without Goya,” he wrote, “the parade has no seasoning. ” Parade organizers have not indicated that they have considered backing down from awarding the terrorists an honorific title at the ethnic pride event. In a statement published on their official website on May 12, organizers insisted that López Rivera was worthy of praise despite his remorseless history of violence: We aim to use Oscar López Rivera and his story  —   decades after  —   to bring a message for peace, unity, compassion and reflection. Amidst the controversies surrounding López Rivera, we have been compelled by his early work as a community activist of Chicago’s Puerto Rican community, and that his convictions led to more than 35 years without freedom, of which 12 were spent in solitary confinement several U. S. political leaders have conceded that Oscar’s   sentence was out of proportion. Also, given the opportunity to shorten his time behind bars, he did not accept President Clinton’s 1999 clemency, expressing that he could not leave behind Carlos Alberto Torres, who was detained along Oscar but was not included in Clinton’s clemency offer. A key organizer of the event, New York City Council Speaker Melissa   affirmed this in a statement from Puerto Rico, where she had traveled to welcome López Rivera to freedom. “His release is not only a win for our island, but for our country’s democracy and criminal justice system —  and that’s why I’m proud that tireless advocacy led to President Obama granting Oscar clemency,” she said. “We stand in solidarity with Oscar, and I thank the National Puerto Rican Day parade for recognizing and uplifting his legacy. ” López Rivera’s FALN group is reportedly responsible for at least 130 bombings, mostly in New York, Chicago, and Puerto Rico, believed to have caused at least five deaths and more than $3 million in property damage. López Rivera himself was sentenced to 55 years in prison in 1981, in a trial in which he told the judge, “I am an enemy of the United States government. ” President Clinton offered López Rivera a commutation of his sentence in 1999 that he rejected some argue he did so because a fellow FALN member was not offered the same deal, though López Rivera said in an interview the year before that he had “problems” with “atonement” and refused to condemn his terrorist acts before being freed. His sentence was extended to 70 years following a prison escape attempt. López Rivera is expected to be honored on Thursday at an event in Chicago, one of the cities his terrorist organization targeted. A local Chicago politician suggested in February that Chicago name a street after him. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
8878,"ISIS uses an industrial dough kneader to kill 250 children, roasts adults in a bakery oven in Douma, Syria","Email 
ISIS barbarians used an industrial dough kneader to kill 250 children, and roasted adults in a bakery oven, according to a shocking new report. 
In an interview with the humanitarian organization Roads of Success, Syrian mom Alice Assaf went into chilling detail about the atrocities the jihadists committed about two years ago in the town of Douma, explaining that some of the youngsters were even decapitated in front of their parents, according to the Express. 
“We heard that the militants grabbed six strong men working at the bakery and burned them inside the oven. We knew them,” Assaf told Dr. Yvette Isaac, who works for the advocacy group, according to the UK Mirror. 
“After that, they caught some 250 kids and kneaded them like dough in the bakery dough machine,” Assaf said, according to media reports. “They were put in the dough mixer, they were kneaded. The oldest one of them was four-years-old.” 
ISIS transported hundreds of girls to the city of Douma, which has been at the center of the Syrian civil war, to be slaughtered. ISIS has been systematically killing non-Muslims, and the majority of its victims at the time were Christian. 
Assaf said her own son, George, was killed by the radical militants after he refused to switch to a Muslim name. 
“My son said to me, ‘No, mother, I don’t want to die with an identity not my own. I prefer to die with the name George,'” Assaf said, according to the Christian Post. 
Assaf added, “I asked my son then to hide, but he refused and said, ‘I don’t want to hide myself. You are the one who taught me to follow what Christ said’ — ‘whoever denies me before man, I will also deny before my father who is in Heaven.'” 
Dr. Isaac reported the savage slayings to a member of the UK Parliament, Fiona Bruce, who recently recounted the horrifying testimony to her colleagues in open chambers. 
“She showed us recent film footage of herself talking with mothers–more than one– who had seen their own children crucified,” Bruce said. 
“She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room,” Bruce said. 
“She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby,” Bruce continued. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room. They told her, ‘No. Go. It is ours now.’”",0
8879,Device Explodes Near Route of Charity Race in Jersey Shore - The New York Times,"An improvised device exploded in a garbage receptacle near the course of a charity race that was about to begin in a small town on the Jersey Shore on Saturday, law enforcement officials said. The device went off around 9:30 a. m. near the boardwalk in Seaside Park, N. J. according to the Ocean County sheriff, Mike Mastronardy. There were no injuries, and officials do not believe that anyone was near the explosion when it happened. It did not damage any buildings either, officials said. The race, the Seaside Semper Five, a   run and charity event along the waterfront that raises money for members of the United States Marine Corps and their families, was canceled. The race was scheduled to start around 9 a. m. but it had been delayed because of a large turnout of around 3, 000 people, according to Al Della Fave, the spokesman for the Ocean County Prosecutor’s office. “That delay helped tremendously in terms of what could have been,” he told reporters. Ben Currie, 39, a photographer, said he was on the beach a few blocks away taking pictures of the ocean when the explosion happened. “It was so loud, it made my knees buckle. All the birds went flying off the beach,” he said. “A black plume of smoke, about 25 feet high, rose. ” Officials evacuated the area and urged people to avoid Seaside Park. The authorities do not believe there were additional explosions or devices, according to the New Jersey State Police. “However, State Police bomb technicians have rendered safe items located in the same trash can in which the explosion occurred,” the police said in a statement. Investigators from the State Police, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were on the scene. “We are grateful that nobody was injured, but this is a serious act of violence against the people of New Jersey,” the New Jersey attorney general, Christopher S. Porrino, said in a statement.",0
8880,21 Stuck 130 Feet Up for 6 Hours at Knott’s Berry Farm - Breitbart,"  children and adults got the ride they never planned on Friday night when a Knott’s Berry Farm ride malfunctioned, trapping the riders for six hours before a rescue could be accomplished. [Sky Cabin is no roller coaster, it is a slow moving ride that rises high which gives those on board a   view of Buena Park. At its apex the ride reaches 180 feet,  Knott’s Berry Farm first released a statement just after 6 p. m that informed the public that the ride first malfunctioned around 2 p. m. The statement continued, “The Sky Cabin is a fully enclosed revolving observation ride. After the Knott’s Berry Farm maintenance team made several attempts to bring the attraction down, we contacted the Orange County Fire Authority to assist. ” Approximately 36 firefighters arrived near 5 p. m. according to the Los Angeles Times. An Orange County Fire Authority assured not one of the trapped riders was hurt or in danger and that firefighters are trained for just such situations. It was about 7:30 p. m. when fire crews began lowering riders the 130 feet from where the structure came to a halt. The riders were brought to the ground using a safety harness. “All 20 guests and one ride operator were safely on the ground by 9:54 pm,” read an update from the park that came at 10:06 p. m.. “Each of Knott’s rides is inspected,   and properly maintained daily. Sky Cabin will remain closed until the park’s investigation into the cause of the incident is completed. ” “Knott’s Berry Farm’s number one priority is the safety of all its guests and employees,” the park statement assured. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
8881,"‘La La Land,’ ‘Moonlight’ Lead Golden Globe Nominations - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   The   Lionsgate musical “La La Land,” about dreams and dreamers in this city of stars, twirled its way toward being an awards season juggernaut on Monday, taking seven Golden Globe nominations, including ones for best director, screenplay and lead actor and actress. But it was not a runaway. The lyrical “Moonlight,” about a young black man growing up in a poor Miami neighborhood, drew six nominations, including best drama, director and screenplay. “Manchester by the Sea,” focused on a New England plumber coping with horrific loss, was also nominated for best drama, receiving five nods total. [See the complete list of Golden Globe nominees] Joining those two films in the best drama category were “Lion,” an adoption   set in India and the Weinstein Company’s lead Oscar hope Mel Gibson’s “Hacksaw Ridge,” based on the true story of the World War II hero Desmond T. Doss and the CBS Films   “Hell or High Water. ” Nominated alongside the Ryan Gosling and Emma   “La La Land” for best comedy or musical: the raunchy superhero blockbuster “Deadpool” the   musical “Sing Street” the Meryl Streep vehicle “Florence Foster Jenkins” and “20th Century Women,” a comedic period drama starring Annette Bening and set for release on Christmas Day. “As we speak, the entire ‘Deadpool’ team is engaged in a grotesque, early morning ” Ryan Reynolds, the star of that film, wrote on Twitter. The Globes are bestowed by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, a group of mostly freelance journalists, only 85 of whom are active members. Long competitive with the more highbrow Oscars, the Globes often strive to make   choices. Nominating Mr. Gibson for best director fit that bill. Mr. Gibson became a Hollywood pariah in 2006 when he was charged with drunken driving and went on an     tirade. In 2011, he pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of battering a former girlfriend. By putting his comeback film forward in three prominent categories  —   Andrew Garfield was also nominated for best actor in a drama  —   the Globes may force Oscar voters to similarly contend with Mr. Gibson. “I’m very appreciative,” Mr. Gibson said in a statement. “This film was a labor of love for everyone involved and is also about a man who truly exemplified love and goodness. ” The press association filled out the directing category with Damien Chazelle (“La La Land”) Barry Jenkins (“Moonlight”) Kenneth Lonergan (“Manchester by the Sea”) and Tom Ford (“Nocturnal Animals”). The inclusion of Mr. Ford may prove controversial because of Tom   swag sent to voters by Focus Features, the studio behind his film. Because the combined value of the gift  —   bottles of cologne and perfume  —   exceeded the press organization’s $95 limit, the organization asked members to return part of it. To include him, Globe voters overlooked contenders like Martin Scorsese, whose “Silence” arrives in limited release on Dec. 23. Mr. Scorsese may have diminished his prospects by delivering the film late. “Silence,” an epic drama about two priests who face violence in   Japan, was shut out on Monday. It was a bad morning for other Hollywood elder statesmen, with Clint Eastwood’s “Sully” uninvited to the banquet and Warren Beatty’s “Rules Don’t Apply” barely alive, receiving a lone nod for Lily Collins’s performance. Also ignored was Nate Parker’s “The Birth of a Nation,” a slave rebellion film once seen as a leading awards contender that collapsed at the box office after scrutiny of Mr. Parker’s past he was accused of rape in 1999 and later acquitted. The diversity on display during Hollywood’s   season  —   or the lack thereof  —   has been an incendiary topic in recent years. When Oscar voters put forward an   group of acting nominees at the most recent Academy Awards, there was a global outcry. The Globes are not necessarily predictive of the Oscars, but Monday’s nominations give reason to believe that a wide variety of faces will be honored. In the acting categories, Globe voters noted performers like Viola Davis and Denzel Washington, both nominated for “Fences,” an adaptation of August Wilson’s play about race and family relations. Naomie Harris and Mahershala Ali received attention for their roles in “Moonlight” Dev Patel was nominated for “Lion” and Ruth Negga made the best actress cut for “Loving,” a gentle portrait of a   couple whose marriage ended   laws. “Hidden Figures,” about unsung black heroines in the space race of the 1960s, received attention for Octavia Spencer’s acting and a score by Pharrell Williams, Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch. But the Globes are not especially prognostic of what will happen on Oscar night. Last year, “The Revenant” and “The Martian” were the Globes’ best picture winners both lost to “Spotlight” at the Oscars. The Globes ceremony has been increasingly important on the television front, largely for its acknowledgment of fledgling series like “Brooklyn  . ” This time around, “This Is Us,” a new NBC drama, may have filled that quota. “This Is Us” received nominations for best drama and for two actresses (Chrissy Metz and Mandy Moore). In the best drama category, rookie shows made a   of the nominations, with “The Crown,” “Stranger Things” and “Westworld” filling out the category, along with the HBO stalwart “Game of Thrones. ” Several returning shows were snubbed. “Mr. Robot,” last year’s drama winner, received only acting nominations Fox’s “Empire” got nothing. Showtime, which has had three wins in the best drama category in the past five years, fell to just one nomination: Liev Schreiber for best actor in a drama in “Ray Donovan. ” Streaming services have made inroads at the Globes, but on Monday the traditional players were back on top. HBO led the pack with 14 nominations (up from seven last year) and FX was in second place with nine. FX was propelled by “The People vs. O. J. Simpson,” which led all shows with five nominations, including best limited series. In the best comedy category, the returning winner, Amazon’s “Mozart in the Jungle,” is up against Amazon’s “Transparent,” HBO’s “Veep” and two shows that feature primarily black casts: ABC’s “ ” and FX’s rookie hit “Atlanta. ” The press association has labored in recent years to shed its reputation for bizarre nominations that were interpreted more as efforts to populate the banquet with stars than honor the year’s best in film and television. Monday’s list contained no outright embarrassments, but there were still some   including a nod for Jonah Hill as best comedic actor in the critical dud “War Dogs. ” As previously announced, Ms. Streep, a   Globes nominee and   winner, will receive the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award. Foreign film nominees were “Divines” (France) “Elle” (France) “Neruda” (Chile) “The Salesman” (Iran and France) and “Toni Erdmann” (Germany). Among film companies, Lionsgate was the runaway winner, with its various labels and partnerships resulting in 17 nominations. A24 was second, with nine, while Paramount and Universal each had eight. Jimmy Fallon is to host the 74th Golden Globes in all of his goofy glory, taking the reins from the acerbic British comedian Ricky Gervais. Mr. Fallon is under pressure to lift ratings. The most recent Globes telecast attracted about 18. 5 million viewers, compared with 19. 3 million the previous year, according to Nielsen. The Globes are to be broadcast live by NBC on Jan. 8.",0
8882,Could you be a romantic heroine from the Russian classics?,"Figures Could you be a romantic heroine from the Russian classics? A “Turgenev girl” is a particular type of female character invented by the 19th century writer Ivan Turgenev. Today's Turgenev girls are marked by their delicate manners, modesty, refinement, dreamy romanticism, and femininity, though with no make-up… We invite you to answer 7 questions to find out whether or not you’re a Turgenev girl.",0
8883,"Without Bold Agenda, Warn Progressives, A Clinton Presidency Won’t Stand Chance","Without Bold Agenda, Warn Progressives, A Clinton Presidency Won’t Stand Chance Posted on Nov 3, 2016 
By Lauren McCauley / Common Dreams Progressive leaders, including Sen. Bernie Sanders and 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben, promise there will no honeymoon period for the centrist Democrat should she be elected. ( Daniel / (CC BY-ND 2.0) ) 
While the whole country appears to be on edge ahead of next week’s presidential election, the Left is “increasingly confident” that, should a Hillary Clinton presidency come to pass, the Democratic nominee won’t be able to turn her back on progressive campaign promises—as many argue President Barack Obama did—because she will need that grassroots support if she hopes to stay in office beyond four years. 
“If she wants to be more than a one-term president, she’s going to have to work with the left. Period,” Murshed Zaheed, political director of CREDO, told The Hill for a new report published Thursday. 
Speaking with progressive activists, The Hill reports that the Left is entering a post-election season “emboldened and empowered,” and ready to fight for implementation of the Democratic platform, said to be the most progressive in the party’s history. 
And unlike Obama, a hypothetical President Clinton won’t be in a position to attempt a “‘post-partisan’ approach to seeking deals with Republicans.” 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“We’re hoping that she will be smart enough to know that if she were to go that route…there’s going to be a political price to pay for it, because it will demoralize her base heading into 2018 and, honestly, it may even jeopardize 2020,” said Zaheed. 
Ben Wikler, Washington director at MoveOn.org, predicted that the Democratic party is potentially moving “from an electoral storm into a governance storm.” 
Clinton, Wikler told The Hill , “will find ‘tremendous grassroots support if she goes to the mat’ for her liberal campaign platform. And if she doesn’t, those same grassroots liberals are ‘emboldened and empowered’ and ‘ready to hold her to account.’” 
And Clinton seems to be aware of this dynamic. 
Adam Green, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee (PCCC), points to the fact that the Clinton campaign has Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) as well as her former primary rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) aggressively campaigning on her behalf the last full week before the election, with stops in a number of pivotal battleground states. 
And while both are doing all they can to ensure that her presidential rival, Republican nominee Donald Trump, is not elected, Green is hopeful that the two progressive firebrands will provide “‘a pre-emptive chilling effect on bad behavior’ if she does win the presidency,” The Hill reports. 
Indeed, Sanders has said that he intends to “leverage” the popularity he gained during the primary to ensure that Clinton enacts the party agenda and does not nominate the “same old, same old Wall Street guys” for regulatory positions. 
And emails from Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta recently leaked by WikiLeaks illustrated how she sought Warren’s approval and support. In one instance, her staff expressed concern that the by opposing a new Glass-Steagall Act, Clinton would appear too pro-Wall Street and thus “antagonize and activate Elizabeth Warren.” 
Progressive leaders, including Sanders and 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben , have vowed that there will no honeymoon period for the centrist Democrat, should she be elected—and campaigners say that Clinton would be wise to heed their advice and go for those “big, bold ideas,” like tuition-free college, a higher minimum wage, a just transition to renewable energy, and Medicare for all. 
As Green told The Hill , Clinton’s success will be largely determined by two factors: How aggressively she pushes the progressive party platform in the first 100 days of her presidency and how effectively she rallies public support for those policies. “The absolute best way to get something done is to push big, bold ideas, get the public on your side and force Republicans to the table,” Green said. If she adopts that strategy, “the Republicans will cave,” Green said. “It’s just that simple.” 
Lauren McCauley is a staff writer at Common Dreams. TAGS:",0
8884,"Comment on Leaked Email: ‘If She Wins, Hillary Will Own The Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years’ by mildred.kraus","Posted on October 27, 2016 by Melissa Dykes 
This. Is. Horrifying. 
In another Wikileaks email , this time from Chairman of the National Jewish Democratic Council Marc Stanley to Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta dated February 11, 2016, Stanley lays out his best argument for why voters should choose Hillary over Bernie… 
(click to enlarge) 
He writes: 
I tell the voter that I like Bernie and I like Hillary, but that’s not what matters. What matters to me is that there are 4 justices on the Supreme Court who will be in their 80’s and be replaced by the next president – and that President will appoint 40 year old Justices and they will serve for 30 or 40 years. 
He goes on to say that voters shouldn’t want Republicans making decisions about issues like Obamacare, Citizens United, voter rights, etc. and that Bernie is “a 20-1 horse” versus Hillary as a “1-1 or even 2-1 horse”. 
Can you imagine it? Hillary being able to personally nominate four out of nine Supreme Court justices for life ? 
Hillary will own half the Supreme Court and for long after she’s gone. 
That’s seven out of nine… or the entire Supreme Court, basically. 
Think about that for a second. Just let it sink in. Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
8885,Mexican Man Arrested with Nearly $400K of Fentanyl,"A Mexican national was busted attempting to smuggle highly lethal narcotics into the United States. [Tucson Sector Custom and Border Protection officers made a large seizure on Wednesday when they discovered 23 pounds of fentanyl.  The    Mexican man’s Chevrolet SUV was flagged for secondary inspection while traveling through the Dennis DeConcini crossing. A narcotics   alerted officers to the drugs hidden in the vehicle’s dashboard. The 23 pounds of fentanyl recovered was estimated to be worth approximately $378, 000. Fentanyl is 100 times more potent than morphine and 50 times more than heroin. Some estimates suggest that as little as . 25 milligrams of fentanyl can kill a human, although most estimates consider a lethal dose to be in the range of 2 milligrams to 3 milligrams. The latest statistics from the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) indicate that fentanyl is the largest drug threat in the United States, killing 44 people per day. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
8886,Why You Should Drink Carrot Juice Daily? How to Make Your Own?,"2 cups carrots, roughly chopped 1 tbsp fresh lemon juice 1 tsp fresh ginger, peeled 3⁄4 cup ice cubes 
Directions: 
Add all ingredients and blend it. 
Enjoy. Health Benefits of Drinking Carrot Juice Prevents Cancer 
Eating antioxidant-rich foods helps in fighting against these free radicals and thereby preventing the possibilities of the development of cancerous cells. Studies reveal that carrots juice is great sources of Vitamin A, Vitamin C and Vitamin B, which collectively help in the fight against free radicals. Protects Brain Health 
Carrots and carrot juice benefits brain health by helping to prevent against Alzheimer’s disease, improving memory, and defending against other types of cognitive decline. This is due to carrot’s ability to lower oxidative stress in the brain that can weaken nerve signaling capacity. Increases Metabolism 
Phosphorous in carrot juice boosts the body’s metabolic rate, ensures optimal use of energy in the body, and decreases pain after a workout. Carrot juice contains a large amount of vitamin B complex, which helps in breaking down glucose, fat, and protein. It helps in building muscle and increasing metabolism, thus helping in weight loss. Cleanses The Liver 
Carrot juice can cleanse and detoxifies the liver. The regular consumption of this tasty juice can help in releasing toxins from the liver. The bloodstream cannot rid the body of toxins and bile through the kidneys. They have to be ejected from the skin. Carrot juice aids this process and ensures that the harmful bile is removed from the body. Prevents Aging 
The beta-carotenoid in carrots instantly turns into vitamin A once it enters the body. Therefore, drinking carrot juice can help in reducing cell degeneration, and it can also slow down the aging process. Control Cholesterol & Blood Sugar 
Carrot juice works like a miracle in maintaining cholesterol and blood sugar levels, thanks to its potassium content. It is low in calories, and sugar content, and the essential vitamins and minerals present in it collectively work to prevent diabetes. Treats Macular Degeneration 
Drinking carrot juice regularly can help elderly people avoid the risks of macular degeneration. Carrots are rich in beta-carotene, which splits itself via an enzymatic reaction that leads to the formation of provitamin A. Strengthens the Bones 
The vitamin K present in carrot juice contributes in the protein building process of the body. Aside from that, it also supports the binding of calcium, that can result in faster healing, especially if you have broken bones. 
Sources:",0
8887,"Instagram Takes a Page From Snapchat, and Takes Aim at It, Too - The New York Times","MENLO PARK, Calif.  —   For nearly four years, Snapchat has been Facebook’s white whale. The popular     rebuffed a $3 billion acquisition offer from Facebook in 2013. Snapchat’s service has since continued to grow rapidly by capturing the hearts  —   and thumbs  —   of the young audiences that advertisers love. Facebook has failed in several attempts at cloning Snapchat. Now Instagram, the   app owned by Facebook, is for the first time taking its own stab at Snapchat. On Tuesday, Instagram introduced Instagram Stories, which lets people share photos and videos that have a life span of no more than 24 hours with friends who follow them. The service bears a striking resemblance  —   some might say it is a carbon copy  —   to Snapchat Stories, a   and   format where the stories also disappear after no more than 24 hours. The move could ignite a    battle between Instagram and Snapchat, which have long lurked in each other’s territories but have not faced off directly. Both are mobile apps that use primarily visual media. Both became popular first with young people. And both are now trying to improve their businesses by increasing digital advertising in formats like Stories. Kevin Systrom,   and chief executive of Instagram, did not mention Snapchat by name in an interview about Instagram Stories, but obliquely referred to “competitors” and acknowledged that “other companies deserve all the credit” for popularizing disappearing photos and videos. It has been an area of interest for Instagram for some time, he said. Instagram Stories aims to lower the bar for sharing all types of photos and video  —   and not just the carefully planned and painstakingly   photographs that are typical of the service, Mr. Systrom said. “Our mission has always been to capture and share the world’s moments, not just the world’s most beautiful moments,” he said. “Stories will alleviate a ton of the pressure people have to post their absolute best stuff. ” A spokeswoman for Snapchat declined to comment on Instagram’s new product. Cathy Boyle, a mobile analyst for the research firm eMarketer, said Instagram’s move “validates what Snapchat is doing. ” Advertisers are particularly attracted to Snapchat, she said, because the messaging app offers “a place to connect with users in this very personal, immersive way. ” When Instagram began nearly six years ago as a   app  —   the first photo shared on the service was a square,   photo of a dog, poorly framed and with little evidence of retouching  —   it became a place for people to publicly store their pictures and memories. The app quickly gained traction, and in 2012, Facebook said it would buy Instagram for $1 billion in cash and stock. Today, Instagram has more than 500 million users. Snapchat  —   led by Evan Spiegel, who helped found it while an undergraduate at Stanford University  —   started in 2011. The private messaging service, with its disappearing photos, was the opposite of the public nature of social media services like Instagram. Young audiences flocked to Snapchat precisely because an unflattering photo sent to a friend would last for mere seconds rather than a lifetime, and would not show up for parents or a future employer to find. As Snapchat has matured in recent years, with more than 150 million users who visit the app on a daily basis, it has become a dangerous foe to Facebook and Instagram. Snapchat, based in the Venice Beach neighborhood of Los Angeles, is now valued at around $19 billion and has released a number of advertising products, which brands have eagerly latched onto to experiment with video and facial recognition ads. Snapchat Stories, a departure from the company’s original direct messaging service, has been a hit for essentially acting as a   photo and video diary viewable only by those who follow the user. Beyond that, Snapchat Stories also collects photos and videos users have contributed from a particular event  —   say the Teen Choice Awards  —   and stitches them together to form a narrative. The result feels more like a television show than a social media post companies like AMC and HP can buy ads that are placed in stories, much like commercials aired in original programming. The rivalry between Snapchat and Instagram was evident in a report published last week from the investment banking firm Jefferies, which predicted that Snapchat’s growth could detract from Instagram’s advertising momentum by as soon as the fourth quarter of this year. “Snapchat consists of a more active user base, which creates more content than the average Instagram user,” the report said. “Given its younger demographic, we think Instagram looks the most   from the rise of Snapchat, especially on a   basis. ” Instagram has also faced reports that the service has had a decline in photo sharing on its network in recent years, a worrisome trend for the company. Instagram Stories is now available in a separate section of the app, where users can shoot photos or video, which, as with Snapchat, can be adorned with text or drawings. Those are then combined to create a story, which is viewable by friends for 24 hours. People can make stories public or private, and can choose if they want only a subsection of their followers to view them. Mr. Systrom does not pretend that Instagram Stories is original. Instead, he said the narrative string of photos and video that disappear after 24 hours is a format, akin to the cascading   model popularized by companies like Facebook and Twitter and eventually adopted by countless others. Silicon Valley, he said, is all about creating and adopting new formats to be tried and expanded. “This format unlocks a new version of creativity for us,” he said. “I think Instagram will be judged by where we go from here, and what we make of it in the future. ”",0
8888,Wine and Dine - The New York Times,"Editor’s note: We’re resurfacing this Eat column from last year for Smarter Living to give you some ideas for using up any leftover holiday wine. It is a new year. We have resolved, and a popular fixture in our resolutions is booze. We used it well: It went into punch. It went into grog. It went into mulled wine, cocktails and eggnog. It went straight in. It began in a trickle that became a geyser. Now we are pickled. Which is why January, though a poor time for drinking alcohol, is a good time for cooking with it. In particular, with wine  —   which is, in the elegant and spiritually stirring formulation of Robert Farrar Capon, the late Episcopal priest and cookbook author, ‘‘water that has matured according to nature’s will. ’’ Recipes using wine are notably less common today than they were half a century ago, when every fondue pot and chafing dish released rich gusts of boozy vapor. But there is little better use for the thousands of   bottles that litter refrigerators and counters than to help them effect a secular transubstantiation in our dinners. The alcohol in wine evaporates more quickly than water and is mostly gone after 30 minutes’ cooking. What is left is the taste of the grape that made it, among dozens of ghost flavors: cherry, violet, ash, pineapple, fresh leather, apple, black pepper, wet soil, mandarin, lilac or rose. Plus, a light acidity that keeps the palate alive and alert, and an unmistakable elegance that can be neither explained nor ignored. I have always found most enticing those recipes that truly rely on wine and demand it in quantity, raw and crude and as it is. The food writer Richard Olney recommends Soupe à la Bourguignonne, ‘‘Red Wine Soup’’: pork fat, butter, onions, flour, water, stale bread, herbs and almost an entire bottle of red wine. There is ‘‘Bavarian Wine Soup,’’ from ‘‘The Wine Cook Book’’ (1934): three parts wine to one part water, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and a beaten egg yolk, served with water crackers. Olney also describes a ‘‘typical Bordelais tourain,’’ which is usually eaten during the   harvest but could stand a winter reprise. Its ingredients are onions cooked in fat, salt, tomatoes, sugar, boiling water, stale bread and dry white wine. ‘‘A native,’’ Olney writes, ‘‘may first eat his sopped bread crust, empty out his (red) wine glass into the soup, and drink the rest from the soup plate, a performance known as faire chabrol’’  —   that is, ‘‘to act like a little goat. ’’ The simplest way to cook with wine is just to cook in it. A combination of half wine, half water or broth will cook any tough cut of meat flavorfully and subtly. But an even simpler and deeper pleasure can be found in cooking entirely in wine, with occasional pours of broth to keep things balanced, but the responsibility squarely on the shoulders of the juice of the grape. Coq au vin is of this lineage. So is a variation I prefer: coq au vin blanc, or coq au vin jaune, which leaves the old rooster or capon tasting as if it got taken to a party it wasn’t expecting, thoroughly saturated in the complexities of deep dark yellow wine and a long night on the town. There are a few questions that bedevil those who decide to try their hands at cooking with booze. What kind of wine? Father Capon wrote the most useful rule: ‘‘White for lighter meats, red for heavier, but don’t make a fetish of it. ’’ I lean toward the dry and the     but nothing too delicate, because the delicacy will be lost in cooking, and nothing too tannic or inky, which will turn to acidic mud. Can a wine be too good for cooking? Olney writes: ‘‘One may respectfully find a place in the kitchen for a great wine only if heat never comes into contact with it. ’’ That makes sense. If a fine wine is going to be put anywhere but a glass, it must stay unchanged until it reaches its final destination. Can it be too bad? Olney says if you would not drink it, do not cook with it. The former chef Daniel Gritzer recently conducted experiments and found that a wine that started overly fruity and   ended that way, but that a wine that was once good, then oxidized, resulted in a very good dish. This is my theory too  —   it is mostly the alcohol in the wine that oxidizes when a bottle is open and old. It is also the alcohol that disappears in cooking. Don’t worry if uncooked wine tastes oxidized before it is added to a braise or stew  —   as long as it tasted good in its past, however distant. Are there spirits that shouldn’t be cooked in? Scotch, vodka, gin, tequila and moonshine do not make good stew. All of them are, however, capable of sousing and pickling a fish as they are of sousing and pickling a human. And to more attractive ends. Recipe: Boeuf à la Mode",0
8889,"Review: ‘If I Forget,’ Clashing Currents in Jewish Identity - The New York Times","Steven Levenson’s passionate and provoking “If I Forget” is a family play, a political play and a   play. That kitchen definitely isn’t kosher, even though the family that gathers around it  —   the three adult children of an ailing father, Lou Fischer  —   are outspoken  . Irritable and animated, the Fischers come vibrantly alive in this young playwright’s funny, bruising, searching voice. The play, a Roundabout Theater Company production that opened on Wednesday night, begins in 2000 in an    neighborhood of Washington. The Camp David summit meeting has failed, ushering in the collapse of the   peace process. The renewed intifada seems removed from the    worries of Lou (Larry Bryggman) his children and their spouses and offspring. But world events have a funny way of inviting themselves into this   Colonial. Rocks thrown a world away encourage deeply personal reflections of what it means to be a Jew in America at the turn of the 21st century. The Fischers are a mostly secular clan, and Mr. Levenson doesn’t deck them with Jewish markers  —   there are no skullcaps and no bagels, no briskets and no bris. These characters don’t kvetch or kvell, at least not in those terms. The younger daughter, Sharon (Maria Dizzia) a teacher, used to take Lou to temple, but her observance has dwindled since she discovered her boyfriend and the cantor entangled on her new duvet. Her great regret: “Now I have to get it ” she tells her brother, Michael (Jeremy Shamos). The older daughter, Holly (Kate Walsh of “Private Practice”) a homemaker and design hobbyist, goes to services only on High Holy Days. Michael, a professor of Jewish studies, doesn’t go at all. If Michael is the least religious character, he is also the one most consumed by questions of Jewish identity. He has just finished writing an incendiary book arguing that the persistence of the Holocaust in the minds of American Jews has hollowed out Jewish life. Michael, who hurls his words like so many Molotov cocktails, insists that the Holocaust has made contemporary Judaism “a religion and a culture of, frankly, death and death worship,” and recommends forgetting it. (This point and others owe a debt to Norman G. Finkelstein’s 2000 book, “The Holocaust Industry. ”) These claims don’t sit well with Lou, a World War II veteran who helped liberate Dachau. In a   conversation with Michael, he describes, simply and feelingly, what he saw there and why he can’t and won’t forget. “For you, history is an abstraction,” he says. “But for us, the ones who survived this century, this long, long century, there are no abstractions anymore. ” This speech, poignantly delivered by Mr. Bryggman, elicited spontaneous applause. But so did the earlier and wholly contradictory tirade loosed by Mr. Shamos. No one in Mr. Levenson’s play gets to make the definitive statement. Not even Mr. Levenson. Like other intellectually rigorous plays about to open  —   J. T. Rogers’s “Oslo,” Paula Vogel’s “Indecent” and Lynn Nottage’s “Sweat”  —   “If I Forget” speaks to both the head and the heart. No condescending sense of    here. The problems of what we should remember and what we should forget, who we should be and how we should love seem to confuse Mr. Levenson, too. (The current renewal of   rhetoric and the threats to Jewish spaces have only made the play’s quandaries ring louder.) When it comes to big questions, and smaller ones, too, every character makes reasonable arguments  —   even flaky Holly, even   Sharon  —   and also unreasonable ones. Sorting through that welter of competing claims is a real hassle. And a great gift. But focusing too intently on the play’s stimulating politics risks scanting its humor and its family dynamics. Mr. Levenson has a longtime interest in strained relations between parents and children  —   you can find it in his debut play, “The Language of Trees,” and in his book for the hit Broadway musical “Dear Evan Hansen. ” Yet he has never created a clan as quick to wound and quick to reconcile as the Fischers. “If I Forget” isn’t perfect. The plot, which turns on a question of real estate, takes its time arriving and mostly hangs around to facilitate debate. (And in these debates all the most penetrating arguments go to the men.) That Michael would publish his controversial book just as he’s up for tenure strains credibility, and a later subplot about credit card fraud is even more unlikely. Under Daniel Sullivan’s sensitive direction, the ripe interstitial music nudges emotion too obviously and the ending, which shifts the play into magical realism, makes its themes too explicit. (Mr. Levenson has never been one to wear his metaphors lightly.) But the script and the remarkable actors make you embrace the Fischers  —   however quarrelsome and distractible and fumbling they may be. Watch Michael (in Mr. Shamos’s astonishing performance) and Holly (in a tough and comic turn from Ms. Walsh) play siblings who tear each other apart, then make the same wavering gesture to end the quarrel. Watch Michael and his wife (Tasha Lawrence) and Holly and her husband (Gary Wilmes) and son (Seth Steinberg) reveal layers of injury and devotion. Watch them all stand in the   and warble “Happy Birthday”  —   a family unable to agree on pretty much anything, yet still somehow in unison.",0
8890,Mosul Civilians Stormed City Main Prison and Free 45 ISIS Prisoners,"20 Shares
3 16 0 1
Iraq's al-Sumaria satellite television Quote: d an unnamed security source that claimed Mosul residents on Friday evening killed ISIS terrorists serving as security for the city's main prison, resulting in the liberation of at least 45 prisoners.
This comes as Iraqi forces and their allies close in on the ISIS stronghold after launching full-scale operations October 17 to liberate the city.
Simultaneous operstions are to liberate the city, particular from the east, whilst securing Iraq's borders with Syria.
The offensive on Mosul is expected to become the biggest battle fought in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 and it could require a massive humanitarian relief operation.
Recommended For You Iraqi Soldier Battling ISIS in Mosul Reunited with His Family After Two Years of Estrangement
It's a heartwarming moment amid the carnage of the battle to liberate Mosul. An Iraqi lieutenant -- part of the elite Golden Division spe...
By AHT Staff ISIS Executes 300 Iraqi Civilians by Firing Squad North of Mosul Member of Nineveh Provincial Council, Hossam al-Din al-Abbar, announced, that the ISIS executed 300 civilians and former security members,...
By AHT Staff ISIS Executes 22 Civilians by Electrocution in Central Mosul Iraqi media outlets reported on Thursday, that the ISIS group executed 22 civilians by electrocution in central Mosul. “ISIS milita...
By AHT Staff ISIS Executes 190 Iraqi Civilians in Hammam al-Alil, 42 in Arij Village: Official",0
8891,"With Flood of Urbanites, a Canadian Hippie Haven Tries to Keep Its Mellow - The New York Times","NELSON, British Columbia  —   Marijuana, Vietnam War draft dodgers and artists gave Nelson its   bohemian soul. This remote mountain town in British Columbia has recently welcomed a new wave of settlers: urban refugees, increasingly priced out of cities like Vancouver and yearning for a simpler life. They are drawn to a   burg that seems to have it all  —   a music academy, two video stores, three record shops, a charcuterie owned by actual French people and a main street unmarred by a Starbucks or   chains. Many of Nelson’s recent transplants fled Canadian cities, where even a couple in cubicle professions can struggle to get by. Others were willing to exchange lucrative salaries for jobs that let them go mountain biking in the afternoon. “Nobody moves here to work their butt off,” said Amy Bohigian, 43, a   filmmaker who relocated with her wife to Nelson from Toronto in 2006. To stay, however, they had to adapt to the town’s rather quirky entrepreneurial skill set. “You may have to sell   soap at the craft market for the first few years until your massage practice has enough clients,” she said, only half joking. But Nelson’s charms have become something of a curse. The recent influx of people to this compact town of 10, 000 has led to an affordable housing crisis, set off by bidding wars over its scarce housing stock and a zero percent rental vacancy rate caused in part by homeowners who rent their properties to tourists through sites like Airbnb. Nelson’s homeless shelter has been full for months, and some residents, unable to find a place to rent, spent the spring and summer living in tents or trailers in the town’s campground. The local community college lost around 60 students this year because they could not find housing, officials said. Nelson’s housing crisis echoes a wider problem in booming British Columbia, where tight real estate markets, diminished government support for affordable housing and rising inflation have spawned a vacancy rate of 1. 3 percent, and made rentals virtually impossible to find in Vancouver, according to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. But Nelson is no metropolis. Founded during a silver rush in 1897, the town is wedged between a lake and the steep slopes of the Selkirk Mountains, some 400 miles east of Vancouver by road. Around a century ago, a sect of Christian Pacifists from Russia, known as the Dukhobors, settled nearby, infusing the region with antiwar zeal. During the Vietnam War, Nelson became a haven for young Americans fleeing the draft, many of whom were spirited across the border by members of a local Quaker community. In the 1970s, Nelson and the surrounding Slocan Valley were abundant with draft dodgers, hippie communes and “the best weed in the world,” said Mike Hames, 68, a Canadian carpenter whose zany,   house, resembling “a boat on a mushroom trip,” is a local landmark. Nelson lost its sawmill and university a decade later, forcing the struggling town to reinvent itself through tourism and entrepreneurship. “Marijuana was definitely how people made money,” said Deb Kozak, the mayor. Nelson’s liberal tolerance played a major role in making it a regional hub for social service providers. But they have been overwhelmed by a swelling population and rising poverty. “It’s a perfect storm of   issues,” said Jenny Robinson, executive director of the Nelson Cares Society, which runs the town’s   homeless shelter and provides services to   residents. The group has received funding and donations to maintain and build some new accommodations, she said, but not enough to solve the town’s extreme housing crunch. “In the last 18 months it’s just gone crazy,” Ms. Robinson said. Janet Mulloy and her twin, Judy, both artists, were free spirits when they moved to Nelson in 1984. Until a decade ago, Judy said, they were able to afford an apartment for under $800 a month, scraped together from their small jewelry business, odd jobs and public assistance. But Nelson’s housing crisis pushed them into homelessness this year. “This is the first time we’ve lived apart in over 20 years,” said Janet, 51, who had been sleeping in the shelter for a month while her sister moved in with a friend. The misery of homelessness has compounded a sense that the Nelson they once knew was disappearing. “It’s an economic cleansing of this town we helped create,” Judy said with a sigh. Baker Street, Nelson’s main drag, is a testament to the tensions roiling the community. On a recent afternoon, a   busker stood strumming a Tom Petty tune in front of a cafe that sells organic coffee. Beggars with swollen hands suggesting heroin addiction panhandled outside a boutique selling hemp yoga pants, beeswax candles and posters explaining “How to Be an Ally to Indigenous Peoples. ” Balancing Nelson’s economic future and cultural heritage is complicated by the town’s cramped mountainside locale. “Geographically we can’t do sprawl,” Mayor Kozak said. Still, she said that Nelson was working to develop a “full spectrum” of housing to ease the crisis, while trying to address the concerns of residents worried that new development will ruin their counterculture paradise. The community once thwarted the construction of a Walmart superstore, but officials have since installed broadband internet and hope to approve a tech innovation center, part of a plan to stem rural brain drain. New arrivals are not complaining. Adam Thomas, 42, who moved to Nelson in July with his family after selling their Vancouver home, said that even dual incomes there were no longer enough to keep them out of debt. “We felt trapped in Vancouver,” he said, seated by the fire in the   house they purchased for $250, 000. “We’re lucky. I feel like I’ve got to earn the right to be here. ” His wife found an office job and he dived into the town’s communal economy, teaching at the local college and working at the   radio station. On Take Your Daughter to Work Day, Mr. Thomas took his daughter to his shift at Reo’s Video store, a bustling rental throwback bought and expanded this year by another Vancouver transplant. It is stocked with about 15, 000 films, a foreign section and every Academy Award best picture winner. “It’s like living in the 1990s,” he said.",0
8892,PROG OFF: Oh What a Beautiful Morning!,"Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
8893,"To the Big Ten Champion, Penn State, Goes but a Sliver of Playoff Hope - The New York Times","INDIANAPOLIS  —   The Big Ten championship game featured, according to most rankings, neither of the two best teams in the Big Ten, and the result was flashes of brilliance amid sloppy play as Penn State defeated Wisconsin,   on Saturday night. The conference title was an impressive achievement that will nonetheless most likely leave the Nittany Lions short of the College Football Playoff. No. 8 Penn State ( ) overwhelmed Wisconsin’s defense, which had entered the game holding opponents to 13. 7 points per game, with a pass attack spearheaded by quarterback Trace McSorley and receiver Saeed Blacknall, both juniors. McSorley finished 22 of 31 for 384 passing yards and four touchdowns, while Blacknall caught six of those passes for 155 yards and two touchdowns. No. 6 Wisconsin ( ) ran the ball well, as is its tradition, with the   running back committee of Corey Clement, Bradrick Shaw and Dare Ogunbowale. Clement led with 21 carries for 164 yards and a touchdown. But as the game wore on and Wisconsin’s stellar front seven found it more difficult to pressure McSorley, Wisconsin’s weaker defensive secondary was exposed. It was a triumphant night for Penn State and its fans, who wore white and packed Lucas Oil Stadium for their team’s first title game appearance in the six years in which the Big Ten has had one it also came five years after the Jerry Sandusky scandal. But it was unlikely that the sense of total triumph would last longer than 12 more hours. Because of conference standings, the Badgers, sixth in the playoff rankings, and the Nittany Lions, seventh in those rankings, played for the conference title even though two conference rivals  —   Ohio State and Michigan  —   were ranked above them. With No. 4 Washington having manhandled No. 9 Colorado in the   title game Friday night,   No. 1 Alabama having rolled over No. 15 Florida,   for the Southeastern Conference title on Saturday afternoon and No. 3 Clemson having handled No. 19 Virginia Tech in the Atlantic Coast Conference championship game,   on Saturday night, there was expected to be room for only one Big Ten team in the final   playoff bracket. That team will very likely be No. 2 Ohio State ( ) which, unlike the other Big Ten contenders, has just one loss  —   at Penn State,   in October  —   and wins over No. 7 Oklahoma, No. 5 Michigan and Wisconsin. That did not stop Penn State Coach James Franklin from making his case. During the postgame trophy ceremony, his voice booming through the stadium loudspeaker, he grabbed the microphone like a professional wrestler mugging for the crowd. “We just won the toughest conference in college football,” Franklin said. Referring to Penn State’s   start, he added: “They say you’re allowed to overcome early setbacks? We’ve done that. It’s on you now, committee. ” Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany had said on ESPN on Saturday morning that he thought that Alabama and Ohio State had done enough to make the Playoff. He added that when the Playoff was being formulated four years ago, he had advocated that it comprise the four best conference champions. As it turned out, the committee is instructed to select the four best teams, with conference championships merely a positive factor. “We wanted this process  —   we wanted the human element,” Delany said after the trophy ceremony. “And regardless of what happens, I’ll be supportive of the outcome. We would love to have a team or two or three or four. We had a good year. ” Wisconsin, meanwhile, is most likely not be heading to the playoff or to the Rose Bowl  —   which will feature the   Big Ten team that does not make the Playoff. Coach Paul Chryst acknowledged as much after the game, saying, “Our team didn’t make enough plays tonight. ” Wisconsin seemed in control early, steadily moving the ball in a first drive that consumed eight minutes and resulted in a touchdown. The Badgers’ second drive was shorter, the score coming on the second play as Clement ran by Penn State’s secondary for 67 yards. In the second quarter, Wisconsin linebacker Ryan Connelly recovered a bad snap and ran it in 12 yards to give the Badgers a   lead. Penn State, rushing to the line and conveying offensive plays via hand signals, wanted the game to be fast, and the Lions did well when they turned the tempo their way. With 58 seconds left in the first half, they scored on a   pass to Blacknall after a defensive misplay. The third quarter brought an even worse error from Wisconsin’s secondary. With Penn State at its 30, McSorley backed up and heaved the ball nearly 60 yards through the air to Blacknall, who broke free of cornerback Natrell Jamerson. Safety D’Cota Dixon, coming from the opposite direction, overran Blacknall, allowing him to run 20 yards into the end zone. Penn State made it   before Wisconsin  —   which had earlier missed a   field goal attempt  —   drove into the red zone and settled for a   field goal. That was followed by the fourth consecutive drive on which Penn State scored a touchdown  —   a pass to the star running back Saquon Barkley that gave Penn State the lead,  . Penn State’s Tyler Davis added a   field goal on the following drive. Wisconsin then drove more than 50 yards, but with 1 minute 1 second left and his team needing a yard to convert a fourth down from Penn State’s    Clement was tackled for no gain, putting the game on ice.",0
8894,Secret Service Puts The Atlantic on Blast for Fake News,"The U. S. Secret Service lashed out at The Atlantic’s Washington editor at large for a series of Tweets officials said were completely false. [Steve Clemons, Washington editor at large for The Atlantic, began a series of Tweets on Thursday claiming that Secret Service   personnel were forced to resign and were escorted out of the Old Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB).  Reports coming in that some Secret Service mgr level personnel forced 2 resign 2nite  escorted out of EEOB. Two out but source says more,  —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  Over the course of the next hour, Clemons continued to Tweet the erroneous information and included statements he attributed to Secret Service managers. One of fired @SecretService Mgrs speculates #Trump is restructuring the service but this is speculation #secretservice    —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  Breitbart Texas reached out to the Secret Service who confirmed they contacted Clemons via Twitter advising him his story was not accurate. “His story was false,” Secret Service Spokesman Joe Casey told Breitbart Texas in a phone conversation Friday night. “It was not Secret Service personnel who were fired or escorted out of the building. ” It appears Clemons was in a rush to get his story out before confirming his facts because he had a plane to catch from Tokyo to Washington, D. C. Last note on @SecretService firings 2nite b4 boarding flight. I’ve posted all I’ve been told. 2, and perhaps more Secret Service mgrs    —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  Folks. Am boarding 14hr flight to DC. See @SecretService tweets below. You may want to pursue   @jaketapper @jimsciutto @maddow,  —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  The Washington Examiner actually contacted the Secret Service and reported that officials denied Clemons report calling it “absolutely false. ” The Washington news outlet described Clemons as, “a longtime   think tank writer who now serves as the Washington editor at large of the Atlantic and National Journal. ” “He has retracted his false report,” Secret Service Spokesman Casey told Breitbart Texas. After getting wifi on his flight, Clemons began to realize his error and backtracked on his Tweets. The @SecretService responded that they are not the agency that had management changes last night. Another Agency did.  —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  Clemons admitted he made an assumption about what agency the fired workers reported to instead of getting a statement from Secret Service or the White House. In apparent frustration, the Secret Service Tweeted directly at Clemons advising, “Your reporting continues to be false. Still waiting for you to contact us for official statement. ” @SCClemons @SecretService advising that your reporting continues to be false. Still waiting for you to contact us for official statement.  —   U. S. Secret Service (@SecretService) February 3, 2017,  Clemons apologized for his error several times. Late Friday evening, he responded to a reader who appeared to be concerned with fake news reported by journalists. He tweeted, “I get that. But there is good journalism out there. ” @robbystarbuck @SecretService I get that. But there is good journalism out there. And normally I do better. I appreciate your notes,  —   Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) February 3, 2017,  Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.  ",0
8895,‘On Contact’: Chris Hedges and Medea Benjamin on the U.S.-Saudi Alliance,"‘On Contact’: Chris Hedges and Medea Benjamin on the U.S.-Saudi Alliance   
On this week’s episode of RT’s “On Contact,” Truthdig columnist Chris Hedges and Medea Benjamin, author of “ Kingdom of the Unjust: Behind the US-Saudi Connection ,” explore why Saudi Arabia remains one of the United States’ closest allies in the Middle East despite the monarchy’s record of human rights abuses, including public executions, mistreatment of women, and the promotion of a fundamentalist religion that “sanctifies violence,” as Hedges says. 
RT Correspondent Anya Parampil reviews the long alliance between the two countries.",0
8896,NYTimes: Trump Has Appropriated ’Deep State’ to Demonize ’Civil Servants’,"New York Times columnist Max Fisher, in a piece titled “What Happens When You Fight a ‘Deep State’ That Doesn’t Exist,” whines that President Donald Trump and populist conservatives have appropriated the term “Deep State”  —   just like the briefly trendy buzzword of “fake news. ”[From the New York Times: advertisement",0
8897,Wendy Kennedy on being a channel for The 9th Dimensional Pleiadian Collective [VIDEO],"Wendy Kennedy on being a channel for The 9th Dimensional Pleiadian Collective (1:2) Published on Oct 12, 2016 Wendy Kennedy is an intuitive, empath, and channel. For two decades she has used her gifts and abilities to work with beings in other realms and dimensions, assisting others in recognizing and releasing old patterns and helping them to live a more whole and integrated life. The clear and compassionate wisdom shared through Wendy facilitates a shift in perspective from that of separation and limitation to connection and multidimensional existence. 
In 1995 Wendy began channeling, working first with her own angelic guides before becoming reacquainted with The 9th Dimensional Pleiadian Collective, whom she primarily channels at her public events and in private sessions. In addition to the Pleiadians, she works with beings from Sirius, Lyra, and Arcturus as well as other higher dimensional, celestial beings. 
Wendy currently lectures and channels for clients around the world. She was one of the six channels featured in the movie and book, Tuning in: Spirit Channelers in America. Her work can also be found in the newly released book compiled by Martine Vallée, The Great Human Potential: Walking in One’s Own Light, which is now available in six languages. 
Watch part 2 here: https://youtu.be/4bDMT0cAly8 
Did you appreciate this video? Become a Co-Creator today and help me create more inspiring videos here: http://wisdomfromnorth.com/donation/ Thank you so much for your support!! 
Follow me on Social Media:",0
8898,Putin Warns 'US Has Pushed Russia Back Into Nuclear Arms Race' - Tyler Durden,"  Zero Hedge 
Having unveiled the first images of its new nuclear missile capable of reaching US soil, Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning today that Washington’s actions are “pushing Russian into a nuclear arms race,” forcing Russia “to develop its nuclear attack systems.” 
Yesterday, Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payload. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia’s heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (“ICBMs”) – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia’s new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018. 
The picture is accompanied by a short statement which reads 
“In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government ‘On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,’ the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat’s development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia’s strategic forces.” 
And now today, Putin explains: *PUTIN: INTERMEDIATE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY SHOULD BE OBSERVED *PUTIN: RUSSIA, U.S. MUST BREAK VICIOUS CIRCLE OF CONFRONTATION *PUTIN: RUSSIA HAS TO DEVELOP ITS NUCLEAR ATTACK SYSTEMS *PUTIN: U.S. PUSHED RUSSIA TO ARMS RACE IN NUCLEAR SPHERE 
Perhaps even more worrying are the comments from Obama administration officials declaration that war with Russia was all but inevitable (via AntiWar’s Jason Ditz) , 
“With some Obama Administration officials openly advocating starting a war with Russia over Syria, it is noteworthy that a lot of top Pentagon officials are treating the conflict as all but inevitable. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley hyped Russian modernization efforts, but declared that they ‘ will lose to the American Army. ‘ 
“Russian officials have been cognizant of the possibility, insisting that Russia ‘can now fight a conventional war in Europe,’ comments which Gen. Milley dismissed as ‘bluster, hubris, bravado.’ and insisting that war with other nation-states ‘is almost guaranteed.’ 
“Joint Chiefs chairman Gen. Joe Dunford also complained about recent modernization efforts within the Russian military, claiming that they are threatening American interests with their capabilities, while Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work referred to them as America’s ‘competitor.’ 
“Of course, the United States spends many, many times what Russia does on its military, but the fact that Russia has a proper military capable of defending the nation at all puts it in a total different category from most of America’s recent wars, and Russia’s massive nuclear arsenal makes it clear this is one war which, if the US launches it, they won’t be able to win outright.” 
As ZeroHedge noted previously, by contrast the US strategic deterrent still relies on missile systems such as the ground-based Minuteman III and the sea launched Trident II, which have their origins in the 1960s and early 1970s. With the Sarmat missile, which is supposed to enter service in 2018, the Russians will add another powerful modern advanced system to their strategic armory.  ",0
8899,Jared Kushner at Center of Media Spotlight on Russian Ties to Trump Campaign - Breitbart,"The focus of the continuous media reports of alleged collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign has shifted to Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s    husband of his daughter Ivanka, and top adviser. [Kushner is said to have discussed with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the possibility of establishing a direct and secure conduit for communication between Moscow and Trump’s transition team, established after Trump won the 2016 presidential election, the Washington Post reported on Friday.  “  Trump made the proposal during a meeting on Dec. 1 or 2 at Trump Tower, according to intercepts of Russian communications that were reviewed by U. S. officials,” the Post reported. “Kislyak said Kushner suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States for the communications. ” Michael Flynn, Trump’s first national security adviser, also attended the meeting, according to the Post, which cites no sources for its report except “U. S. officials” and “people familiar with the matter. ” The White House acknowledged the meeting in March, but “played down it’s significance,” the Post reported, adding that the FBI now considers the meeting  —   and another with a Russian banker  —   worthy of investigation. “Neither the meeting nor the communications of Americans involved were under U. S. surveillance,” the Post reports that officials said. No one responded to requests for comments from the Post, including the White House, Robert Kelner, a lawyer for Flynn, and the Russian Embassy. According to the newspaper: Russia at times feeds false information into communication streams it suspects are monitored as a way of sowing misinformation and confusion among U. S. analysts. But officials said that it’s unclear what Kislyak would have had to gain by falsely characterizing his contacts with Kushner to Moscow, particularly at a time when the Kremlin still saw the prospect of dramatically improved relations with Trump. The Post’s reporting adds drama to the Kushner angle of the ongoing Russian saga: Current and former U. S. intelligence officials said that although Russian diplomats have secure means of communicating with Moscow, Kushner’s apparent request for access to such channels was extraordinary. “How would he trust that the Russians wouldn’t leak it on their side?” one former senior intelligence official said, adding that a Trump transition member going in and out of the Russian embassy would cause “a great deal of concern. ” The entire idea, he said, “seems extremely naive or absolutely crazy. ” “It is common for senior advisers of a newly elected president to be in contact with foreign leaders and officials,” the story stated towards the end, citing U. S. intelligence’s belief in an “unprecedented campaign” by the Russians “to interfere in last year’s presidential race and help elect Trump. ” And, the “Obama administration officials say members of the Trump transition team never approached them about arranging a secure communications channel with their Russian contacts, possibly because of concerns about leaks,” the Post reported. And, “the State Department, the White House National Security Council and U. S. intelligence agencies all have the ability to set up secure communications channels with foreign leaders, though doing so for a transition team would be unusual. ” In addition, the Post reports they first heard about the Kushner meeting though an “anonymous letter, which said, among other things, that Kushner had talked to Kislyak about setting up the communications channel. ” “In addition to their discussion about setting up the communications channel, Kushner, Flynn and Kislyak also talked about arranging a meeting between a representative of Trump and a ‘Russian contact’ in a third country whose name was not identified, according to the anonymous letter,” the Post reported.",0
8900,"Guy Fawkes, The Gun Powder Plot & How False Flags Have Shaped History","We Are Change 

 
Remember, remember, the 5th of November, 
Gunpowder, treason and plot. 
I see no reason why the gunpowder treason 
Should ever be forgot. 
-Old English folk rhyme (anonymous)
By Barrie Zwicker (Special thanks to Truth and Shadows )
Today, November 5 th , is Guy Fawkes Day, also known as Gunpowder Day. In 2016 it’s the 411 th anniversary of The Gunpowder Plot or Gunpowder Treason, as it was first called.
It also happens to be my 78 th birthday. So I’ve been more aware of Guy Fawkes Day than most. I’m especially happy about how ubiquitous the Guy Fawkes mask has become. 
The mask was hugely popularized in the movie V for Vendetta . As stalwart 9/11Truther Kevin Barrett wrote, a year ago, in a piece entitled “ Unmasking Media Lies: Why BBC’s V-for-Vendetta Mask Piece is Fawked Up ”:
“V for Vendetta may be the most revolutionary film ever made. Its obvious message is: Let’s get out there and visit some rough justice on the treasonous bastards who created the 9/11 and 7/7 media spectaculars, and destroyed the freedoms for which we’ve been fighting for centuries. 
Watch (on YouTube) V for 9/11 Vendetta: Past, Present and Future 
It is also possible to read the film from an interior, psychological perspective: Rather than just a call to action, it’s about the psychological process of coming to terms with the 9/11 and 7/7 inside jobs, by allowing oneself to feel the overwhelming anger that is the natural response. Once one has faced the facts, overcome fear, and come to terms with one’s own righteous anger, THEN it’s time for revolution. 
The real message of the V mask is simple: We know you bastards blew up the Trade Center. We know you’re blowing up the economy. We know you’re lying to us 24/7/365. We know you’re trying to keep us poor and weak and fearful and impotent. Well, guess what? We’re not afraid of you. We’re not afraid to die. And we’re coming to get you. 
No wonder the BBC is afraid to admit what the V mask really means.” 
Yet for the first 71 years of my life I had entirely the wrong idea about the gunpowder plot: what happened, who was really behind it, and its impact on history. An impact that continues to this day. It was in 2005 that I read I read Webster Tarpley’s superb book 9/11 Synthetic Terror: Made in USA right after it came off the press. He introduced me to the historical element.
True, the brazen events of 9/11 and the mind-boggling cover-up that followed opened my eyes to state-executed terror frauds and the power they deliver to the dark forces that order them. But I didn’t know from nuthin’ about the Gunpowder Plot.
Nor at that time did I appreciate that it and 9/11 are but two examples from thousands of false flag operations that have changed history.
False flag ops are the least-recognized, highest-impact category of human deceit. In terms of emotional wallop, even the most brilliant lies perpetrated by the most talented demagogues pale, in comparison to a big false flag op, for the power to manipulate the public. On this anniversary let’s look more closely at this particular false flag op for some lessons. As William Faulkner put it in his Requiem for a Nun : “The past is never dead. It’s not even past.” Then we will touch briefly on one of the most recent false flag ops – a leading edge digital one that perversely misappropriates the Fawkes name.
… 
On the Throne of England in 1605 sits James the First, a Protestant, the King who ordered the translation of the Christian Bible that bears his name.
As midnight approaches on November the 4th – the eve of the traditional opening of Parliament – armed agents of the King raid a basement room of the Houses of Parliament. They discover and apprehend one Guy Fawkes. His age, 36, coincides with the number of barrels of gunpowder they find with him. They find a tunnel leading to the room. Fawkes is a known agitator for the rights of English Roman Catholics. In his possession are a pocket watch (a rarity in those days).
Had he succeeded in detonating the gunpowder, the next morning King James and his queen would be mangled bodies, as would all the members of the House of Lords and the House of Commons. Smoking rubble would be all that would remain of the Palace of Westminster complex, including historic Westminster Abbey.
So goes the palace version of the events of the late evening of November the 4 th , 1605. The English public is stunned. It’s the equivalent of 9/11. “A cataclysm,” Adam Nicolson describes it in his book God’s Secretaries: The Making of the King James Bible . Upon his arrest, according to the official account, Fawkes admits his purpose was to destroy king and Parliament.
That there was some kind of plot is not in doubt. By November the 8 th , on the rack, Fawkes names 12 co-conspirators. Those not killed where they are tracked down are found guilty of treason later in a trial lasting less than a day. They and Fawkes are hanged, drawn and quartered.
The following Sunday, November the 10 th, the King James Version of the plot is broadcast from the leading pulpit of the Church of England, that of William Barlow, Bishop of Rochester. Barlow thunders that the enemy, meaning papists, is satanic in its wickedness. The King, their hoped-for victim, on the other hand is, Mr. Nicolson writes, characterized as an unqualifiedly good man . . . virtually a Christ-figure.
Soon all the pulpits of England echo the official account. Between 1606 and 1859 the Fifth is remembered in an annual service of thanksgiving in every Anglican church, writes James Sharpe in Remember, Remember: A Cultural History of Guy Fawkes Day. Until 1959 , it was against the law in Britain not to celebrate Guy Fawkes Day. Celebrate, because from the beginning the public was giving thanks that the realm was saved and the treasonous conspirators dispatched. For centuries effigies of Fawkes were burned.
The palace version becomes historical truth for humankind including me – duped again! – for most of our lives.
Mr. Nicolson and others now cast serious doubt on that version. Many anomalies concerning the events have surfaced.
Fawkes was not apprehended in a basement room but rather a ground floor room, one remarkably easily rented by the plotters. There was, accordingly, no tunnel. The authorship of the letter by which the King learned of the plot is murky. It was turned over to the King by the Royal Chancellor, Sir Robert Cecil, the Earl of Salisbury.
Sir Cecil I would characterize as the Dick Cheney of his day. Because plots were common at that time Cecil had an efficient network of spies seeded among Roman Catholic dissidents. He kept tabs on all plots the spies discovered. This one featured a large cast of characters from several cities.
Cecil kept the King in the dark about the plot except for the obscure letter. The gunpowder, it turned out, was of an inferior nature, unlikely to have achieved much result. This was odd, as Fawkes definitely knew a thing or two about gunpowder. He had developed expertise with it while serving with distinction in Spain’s army against Protestant rebels in the Netherlands. It’s conceivable the gunpowder could have been switched by someone; loads of it existed because of all the hostilities. Some handwriting on Fawkes’s confession differed from the rest.
Ignored until recently is a book by Jesuit historian John Gerard, What Was the Gunpowder Plot: The Traditional Story Tested by Original Evidence . Gerard died in 1606 but his book was not published for almost three centuries, in1897, an interesting temporal fact in itself. While it’s true, as Sharpe writes, that accounts of the plot differ as per the biases of the authors, I find Gerard’s account pretty compelling. He writes:
“When we examine into the details supplied to us as to the progress of the affair, we find that much of what the conspirators are said to have done is well-nigh incredible, while it is utterly impossible that if they really acted in the manner described, the public authorities should not have had full knowledge…”
Exactly. The evidence points to a particular kind of false-flag operation. There are many variations. In some (9/11 being the leading example) an outrageous event is carried out by the perpetrators and blamed on the chosen enemy. In others (example, Gulf of Tonkin) nothing happens but a fiction blames the chosen enemy. The Gunpowder Plot is midway: a plot was underway but the precise intentions of the plotters can never be known. The main feature is that, with or without taking a hand in the plot, the Cecil elements manipulated events brilliantly.
Cecil was heavily involved in an influential London group known as “the war party.” It wanted to push James into a confrontation with the Spanish Empire, from which the group’s members hoped, among other things, to extract great personal profit.
The war party considered it politically vital to keep persecuting Roman Catholics. Sir Cecil set out, writes Tarpley, to sway James to adopt his policy by means of terrorism.
It amounts to this: Either Cecil and the war party made the Gunpowder Plot happen or they let it happen –and made sure of a brilliantly timed “exposé.” And if they let it happen they made it happen.
James himself had negotiated peace with Spain the previous year. His other advisors told him there was no chance of a general Catholic uprising and that no foreign Catholic powers were involved in the plot.
The King knew, Sharpe writes, that “the reality of Catholicism in England around 1600 was very different from the image conjured up in government propaganda and contemporary Protestant myth.” Sharpe again: “…even in the face of … persecution it seems that most of England’s Catholics remained loyal to their monarch and wanted nothing more than to be allowed to practice their faith unmolested.” (The parallel with most Muslims living in the UK and Canada today springs to mind.)
For his part, James downplayed the plot. “James and his ministers,” Sharpe writes, “showed more restraint than many modern regimes faced with similar problems.”
Nevertheless, the power of the imagery of what might have happened burned itself into the public’s psyche, and was repeatedly fanned by the Protestant and war promoting establishments.
The outcomes of this ongoing propaganda campaign are incontestable. Tolerance for English Roman Catholics is replaced by a period of terrible bloodletting for them. Numbers are killed. Catholics’ homes are burned. A string of laws is passed restricting their rights and liberties.
The English become “fixated on homeland security,“ Nicolson writes. An inclusive, irenic idea of mutual benefit between Spain and England – trade between the two countries, because of the peace treaty, had been growing –“is replaced in England by a defensive/aggressive complex.” All Catholics, of all shades, never mind their enthusiasm or not for the planned attack, are identified as the enemy.
Most significantly, war with Spain ensues. England’s course is set for a century of wars against the Spanish and Portuguese empires. England for various reasons comes out victorious and on these war victories the British Empire is founded in blood, deception and conquest.
… 
There’s no way of knowing whether the British Empire – and all the consequences of its rule from Capetown to Canada to Iraq to its American colonies — would have emerged anyway or in what form or at what pace, but we can see in retrospect that the Gunpowder Plot was pivotal in what did transpire.
It would be a failure of imagination not to see the parallels with 9/11 and society in our day of blanket war propaganda, teeming with covert agents, ever-encroaching surveillance, ever decreasing civil rights and liberties, and either helpless or conniving leaders.
Let’s look at false flag ops generically. It’s difficult in my opinion to over-estimate their terrible place in history, and their place in making history terrible. Think of the wars and millions of deaths that followed the Gunpowder Plot, the sinking of the Maine in Havana Harbour in 1898 that kick-started the US Empire’s expansion to the Philippines and beyond, the sinking of the Lusitania that brought the USA into World War I, the torching of the German Reichstag that boosted Hitler to power and enabled his bloody grab for world domination, the assassination of John F. Kennedy that yanked U.S. foreign policy onto a warpath, the alleged attacks during LBJ’s presidency the next year by North Vietnamese torpedo boats on U.S. warships in the Gulf of Tonkin — attacks that simply did not take place but that provided the basis for the Tonkin Gulf Resolution, passed 88-2 in the US Senate. That resolution constituted the “legal” basis for escalating the Vietnam War with an eventual death toll of more than 3-million. And 9/11. To name a few.
Without false flag ops most wars would be harder to launch. Some would barely be possible. Think of the unprecedented millions of peace marchers who took to the streets prior to the invasion of Iraq. If the deceptions are used to justify such wars were exposed earlier by a skeptical, independent, ferociously investigative media, we all would be living in a different world. Millions of horrible deaths and all the accompanying grief could have been avoided. And the military would have to put on bake sales to raise funds.
There always has been a yearning for peace among the normal everyday citizenry: finding meaningful work, marrying and raising a family, tilling the soil, writing poetry, inventing things, or — as Pierre Berton said was his favourite thing – “getting smashed with your friends.”
There are exceptions, but the horrible norm is that for wars to be launched, maintained or expanded the people have to be fooled. And history proves beyond a reasonable doubt that the most surefire way to accomplish that is to lumber them with an iconic outrage allegedly perpetrated by the designated “enemy” of the day. And we go on sinking ever further into the mire of deaths – the deaths of innocents, the death of promise for a better future, the death of honest history, the death of coming to grips with reality – because each new false flag op draws power from the fictions planted about all the previous ones.
And so the elites continue to hide their four aces in a rigged game. Their most closely guarded secret retains the potency of the first one. Remember, remember, the 5 th of November, the 11 th of September, Faulkner, and George Santayana’s comment that “those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.”
But today we also have to remember the future. Added to the false flag ops, false flag agents and false flag organizations of old are false flag digital organisms, sent to infect particular publics. One of the most recent of which I’ve become aware is a rogue individual or group identified as ” This tricky entity “FawkesSecurity” on Monday, October 22, released via YouTube and Pastebin a bomb threat against an unidentified U.S. Government building.
I for one smell digital gunpowder.
“FawkesSecurity” claims to be associated with the Anonymous collective. The threat of violence, however, goes against everything Anonymous says it stands for. Sources at Anonymous are denouncing “FawkesSecurity” and its bomb threat.
A report on this , from which I am quoting, can be found at Examiner.com
Following is an excerpt from the message of “FawkesSecurity:”
Dear citizens of the world, ? We are anonymous. As of today 200 kilograms of composite Nitroglycerin and commercial explosives have effectively been concealed in a government building, situated in the united states of America. on the 5th of November 2012 … ? we are anonymous ? we are legion ? we do not forget ? we do not forgive ? on the 5th of November, you will expect us. 
As the Examiner report says, “the video displays many of the standard trappings of associated with Anonymous [and yet] the threat of violence is completely out of step with the ethos that guides Anonymous.” The Examiner report adds:
“Multiple social media accounts have denounced FawkesSecurity and their bomb threat. Many speculate FawkesSecurity is a false flag operation conducted by government agents in an attempt to discredit Anonymous. Others speculate that FawkesSecurity is simply misguided, and unfamiliar with the bullet proof idea that is Anonymous.”
Whatever the case, those who wrote the text above can’t punctuate or capitalize worth a damn.
The digital and physical worlds are not separate. Agents of the state infest both. Although unlikely, if the threat by “FawkesSecurity” were to be carried out today, one outcome could be to seriously besmirch Anonymous. (The question of whether Anonymous itself might be a false flag op, or is, or could be infiltrated or otherwise manipulated, is one to be asked and answered further down the rabbit hole. Such is the ultra-elusive nature of “reality” today.)
We’ve come a long way from 1605 technically, but the general scheme is the same: deception rides high, wide and ugly.
Segments of this post were originally published in an op ed page piece the author had published on November 5 th , 2005 in The Globe and Mail; others come from notes for a talk given by the author in London, Ontario November 5 th , 2011. 
The post Guy Fawkes, The Gun Powder Plot & How False Flags Have Shaped History appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
8901,Gun Controller Amy Schumer Wields Gun in ’Snatched’ Trailer,"Gun control proponent Amy Schumer wields a gun in her upcoming kidnapping comedy caper Snatched, according to a scene in the trailer for the film released Tuesday. [The Wrap introduced the film  —   which   Goldie Hawn as Schumer’s mother  —   by writing: “Fox released a new trailer this morning for May movie Snatched, which features the two funnywomen going all   on a bunch of kidnappers. And this time, they’ve got a gun. ”   “You messed with the wrong b*tches,” Schumer tells a man toward the end of the trailer as she trains a gun on him. Schumer only holds a gun in one scene in the trailer, but that may be one scene more than her fans were expecting. After all, Schumer took up the gun control cause with particular passion following the shooting deaths of two moviegoers at a showing of her movie Trainwreck in Lafayette, Louisiana. The shooting occurred in a   theater on July 23, 2015, and the alleged gunman passed a background check to acquire the firearm used in the attack. Yet Schumer emerged from the episode by pushing for increased gun control measures  —  especially background checks. In August 2015, the actress partnered with her cousin, Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) to push for more gun control and later used an appearance at the Glamour Awards to advocate for tighter gun laws. In January 2016, Schumer spoke out on the topic again at the Critics’ Choice Awards. Now she is using a gun in her upcoming film. It is interesting to note that Schumer upped the size of her personal security force, even as she campaigned for gun control for everyday Americans. In September, she assured fellow actress Lena Dunham that she had increased the size of her security team, saying, “Security is up. I’m really trying to protect myself. I am not being an idiot. ” Snatched centers on a mother and daughter who are kidnapped while on a bonding trip to Ecuador and who must fight to survive the ordeal. Twentieth Century Fox releases the film nationwide on Mother’s Day. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
8902,The WikiLeaks BOMBSHELL That Is Causing Black Lives Matter To DECLARE WAR On Hillary,"0 comments You read that correctly. Here is the ugly truth that is sending Black Lives Matter leadership into orbit over Hillary’s pandering hypocrisy! Eric Garner died a tragic, unexpected death at the hands of a police officer. His death has sometime’s referred to as “the chokehold death.” Video of the sad episode can be seen below: Eric Garner’s daughter, Erica, is a prominent Black Lives Matter leader, and she is none to pleased at what WikiLeaks has brought to light. In discussing an upcoming statement to describe Hillary’s stance on gun violence, Clinton staffer Nick Merrill wrote: “Finally, I know we have Erica Garner issues but we don’t want to mention Eric at all? I can see her coming after us for leaving him out of the piece.” Maya Harris replied, “Eric Garner not included because not killed by gun violence.” The full email can be read here . Hillary’s campaign was clearly considering how to best use, or not use, the Eric Garner story to push their agenda. The revelation, understandably, has set off a firestorm in the Black Lives Matter community. Erica Garner is teeing off! I’m troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed “using” Eric Garner … Why would you want to “use” my dad? 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 I dont care what BLM activists endorse #Hillary … They WILL continue more of the same, they dont care about Black lives and I got proof! 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 https://t.co/jzfUl0FbXF In this #PodestaEmails leak @CoreyCiorciari n @NickMerrill plot to use police violence victims to push gun control 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 They can get whoever they want to play their game,she called YOU super predators, they passed the crime bill and welfare reform. JUST SAY NO 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 If you vote for her by default you are endorsing her and whatever she does. Remember her hiding being Nergos that supported the crime bill? 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
Do you blame Erica Garner for feeling the way that she does? For years, since the days of Lyndon Johnson, the Democrats have pandered to blacks, women, and other minorities. Many times, these minority groups have fallen in step behind these pandering, hypocritical, power-hungry leaders. 
With WikiLeaks on the scene to reveal the truth, it appears that times are changing!",0
8903,America’s Ruling Elite Has Failed and Deserves to Be Fired,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
America’s Ruling Elite is freaking out because a significant percentage of the American public is trying to fire them. The Ruling Elite has failed and deserves to be fired, and deep down, they know it–and this awareness of their self-serving failure fuels their panic and their loathing of the non-elite Americans who are trying to fire them. 
If you think this chart of soaring student loan debt is a sign of “success,” you are 1) delusional 2) protected from the dire consequences of this failure 3) getting your paycheck from this failed system. That in a nutshell is the state of the nation: those who are protected from the consequences of failure are loyal to the Establishment, as are the millions drawing a paycheck from systems they know are irredeemable failures. 
Let’s review the central institutions of the nation: 
1. Healthcare: a failed system doomed to bankrupt the nation. 
2. Defense: a failed system of cartels and Pentagon fiefdoms that have saddled the nation with enormously costly failed weapons systems like the F-35 and the LCS. 
3. Higher Education: a bloated, failed system that is bankrupting an entire generation while mis-educating them for productive roles in the emerging economy. (I cover this in depth in The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy and Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy .) 
4. Foreign policy: Iraq: a disaster. Afghanistan: a disaster. Libya: a disaster. Syria: a disaster. Need I go on? 
5. Political governance: a corrupt system of self-serving elites, lobbyists, pay-to-play, corporate puppet-masters, and sociopaths who see themselves as above the law. 
In Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform , I explain why the only possible output of these systems is failure . 
The sole output of America’s Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. 
In the open market, failed leadership has consequences. Customers vanish and the enterprise goes bankrupt, or shareholders and employees rally to fire the failed leadership. 
In our state-cartel system, failed leadership only tightens its grip on the nation’s throat. The Deep State can’t be fired, nor does it ever stand for election. The two political parties are interchangeable, as are the politicos who race from fund-raiser to fund-raiser. 
It’s tempting to blame the individuals who inhale the wealth and power of our failed system, but it’s the system, not the individuals , though a more corrupt, craven, self-serving lot cannot easily be assembled. 
In broad brush, the Establishment and its Ruling Elite are still fighting World War II. The solution to the Great Depression and fascism was to cede complete control of the economy, the media and the social order to the central state. 
Tens of millions of people were aggregated into vast industrial corporations or the Armed Forces. Everyone heard the same “news” and had the same limited choices of work and consumption. 
It was easier for the federal government to control a handful of cartel-corporations and unions, and this cemented the state-cartel system that remains dominant today. 
But the world and the economy changed, and this model was no longer efficient or effective. Sprawling corporations with captive domestic markets started facing global competition, and networks of interchangeable suppliers were much more efficient than vertically organized corporations. 
Adding layers of government bureaucracy to manage increasing complexity was no longer effective or affordable as labor costs rose and the efficiencies of networks outpaced cumbersome hierarchies. 
People lost faith in their government and their cartel-corporations because the truth broke through the state-managed propaganda. Industrial corporations were revealed as greedy polluters; auto manufacturers churned out vehicles with scant care for safety, and the federal government lied to the citizens about the war in Vietnam, and much else. 
The Internet was the stake through the heart of this inefficient, ineffective state-cartel hierarchy. The Internet enabled a level of transparency that was impossible in the old state-cartel model in which everyone watched the same three TV networks and read the same managed “news.” 
Consumers could now access the experience of other consumers directly, bypassing the filtering mechanisms of a complicit state and the corporate PR/marketing machinery. 
Governments were pressured to (very reluctantly) make public all sorts of material that was safely private in the good old days of backroom dealing and sweetheart contracts with pals. 
The central state’s resistance to transparency only reinforced the public’s loss of trust. The more money and power the state grabbed, the greater the level of corruption and self-serving insider dealing. The more the state managed the private cartels of banking, Big Pharma, higher education, the military-industrial complex, healthcare insurers, etc., the more costs soared while the quality of the output plummeted. 
The current self-serving Ruling Elite deserves to be fired for its abject failure of leadership. The nation desperately needs leaders who understand the economy and nation are in the midst of a new industrial/digital revolution that favors networks over hierarchy and transparency over state-cartel corruption. 
Unfortunately, as I explain in Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change , the central state has no mechanisms for devolving power to decentralized networks, or surrendering either power or budgets. The central state only knows how to aggregate more power and skim more money from the private economy. 
The last failed remnants of the state-cartel hierarchies left over from World War II must implode before we can move forward. Healthcare, defense, pharmaceuticals, higher education, the mainstream media and the systems of governance must all decay to the point that no one can be protected from the destructive consequences of their failure, and no paychecks can be issued by these failed systems. 
Only then can we face the reality that failure has consequences.",0
8904,"On ‘Brexit,’ It’s Divorce First, Trade Talks Later, E.U. Tells U.K. - The New York Times","BRUSSELS  —   Britain must agree to pay its bills and to protect millions of Europeans living in Britain before reaching a new trading relationship with the European Union, Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, said on Friday.    divorce and trade talks “will not happen,” Mr. Tusk said at a news conference in Malta. Divorce has to come first, he said, and he warned that the negotiations could be “confrontational. ” Mr. Tusk also wrote on Twitter: “Our duty is to minimize uncertainty, disruption caused by Brexit for citizens, businesses  Member States. It’s about damage control. ” He added that the European Union would not pursue a “punitive approach,” because “Brexit in itself is already punitive enough. ” He also wrote: “After more than 40 years of being united, we owe it to each other to make this divorce as smooth as possible. ” The words were tough, but unsurprising: For months, since Britain voted in a June 23 referendum to leave the bloc, Brussels has insisted that the terms of a future trade agreement would not be negotiated until the terms of the divorce were clear. Britain formally began the withdrawal process on Wednesday, and Mr. Tusk’s statement on Friday essentially made official the European Union’s stance. That was in keeping with the tough talk coming from Germany, the bloc’s most influential member, this week. On Friday, the finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, told a newspaper in the country that, while both sides should strive to minimize the damage, “there are no rights without obligations” and that Britain would have to leave the single market if it refused to abide by the European Union’s principles. That followed a statement on Thursday by Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany that rejected a demand put forth by Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain that talks on the withdrawal be conducted in tandem with discussions about economic relations. “The negotiations must first clarify how we will disentangle our interlinked relationship,” Ms. Merkel said. “Only when this question is dealt with can we  —   hopefully, soon after  —   begin talking about our future relationship. ” In laying out the European Union’s terms for the exit negotiations  —   which still must be approved by leaders of the 27 remaining nations  —   Mr. Tusk essentially presented the bloc’s response to Mrs. May’s opening move. Mr. Tusk said the 27 leaders would determine when there had been “sufficient progress” to start discussing Britain’s future trade arrangements. The terms, nonetheless, represent an early setback for Britain. The draft guidelines outline a “phased approach” that the European Union will require Britain to follow before talks about any deal on access to the European single market of more than 500 million consumers. The terms also signaled how Britain was losing control over developments in Europe by giving Spain an effective veto over whether any deal applied to Gibraltar, the rocky outcrop that has long been the subject of an acrimonious sovereignty dispute between London and Madrid. Spain had pressed to insert language on Gibraltar into the guidelines and succeeded because Britain did not have a say in the drafting, European Union officials said. Market access is a British priority that took on added urgency this week, as Mrs. May’s formal notification on Wednesday started a   clock to reach an agreement. That time constraint limits British leverage in the negotiations because it would face a welter of tariffs and customs barriers if a deal is not struck during that period. The guidelines will come into effect if national leaders approve them at a summit meeting on April 29. Michel Barnier, a former foreign minister of France, is then expected to take over    negotiations with the government in London. Mr. Barnier has said that he wants to wrap up talks by October 2018 to enable the European Parliament and member states to assess the results and allow terms for a transition to be agreed on. Although there is legal scope to extend the talks beyond March 2019, when the   statutory period expires, such a step would need unanimous approval from the 27 remaining countries. Ms. Merkel and President François Hollande of France have insisted that London first agree on how to protect the rights of more than about three million expatriates in Britain, and more than one million British citizens living in Continental Europe, and on the amount of money Britain owes to cover its commitments as a member of the bloc. European officials underlined the need to safeguard the rights of expatriates by referring to them in the opening paragraphs of the   guidelines. The document also said there should be a “single financial settlement” of Britain’s commitments but did not give a figure. The leaving bill could be roughly 60 billion euros, or $64 billion, according to the European Union authorities, and that sum is already a major sticking point. David Davis, the minister who leads Britain’s Department for Exiting the European Union, told British television on Thursday that he was not expecting a bill “anything like that” size. Prime Minister Enda Kenny of Ireland has called for steps to preserve a peaceful coexistence with Northern Ireland, where there will be a new land border with the European Union. European officials said “flexible and imaginative solutions will be required” to maintain peace and avoid “a hard border” between Ireland, a European Union member, and Northern Ireland, part of the United Kingdom. Britain is the first country to leave the bloc. The procedure for the separation, known as Article 50, has never before been used. Striking a deal will be fiendishly complex, and there are hazards for both sides. European leaders do not want Britain to enjoy the same benefits that it has as a member of the bloc, such as unfettered access to the vast European Union single market. Yet they are extremely wary of Britain turning itself into a   haven with weakened regulations that would undercut European neighbors. Prime Minister Charles Michel of Belgium, a member state that has some of the closest economic ties with Britain, said that “securing a fair and level playing field is the main objective. ” Another challenge for European leaders is to maintain unity. Populist politicians have bolstered their following by blaming the European Union for high unemployment in countries like Greece and for failing to prevent an influx of migrants from the Middle East and Africa. France holds the first round of presidential elections in late April. Marine Le Pen, the   Union leader of the   National Front, has called for a referendum on leaving the bloc. For now, Emmanuel Macron, who is   is leading the polls. The European Parliament also has a final say over any deal reached with Britain. Lawmakers could veto any agreement that they find too generous or that they view as failing to guarantee the rights of citizens of European Union countries already in Britain to continue living and working there. “One thing is clear for us,” Manfred Weber, a German who is a powerful conservative lawmaker at the European Parliament, said this week. “Cherry picking is over for the United Kingdom, and we will defend the interests of the 440 million E. U. citizens when negotiating with the U. K. ”",0
8905,Comment on Wikileaks: Bill Clinton BOASTS of Hillary’s ‘Working Relationship’ with Muslim Brotherhood by toddyo1935,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Pamela Geller 
The bombshells about this criminal are now breaking daily. It’s not a question of Trump, it is an imperative that Hillary be defeated. If the people choose Hillary, then they must and will be punished. “Wikileaks: Bill Clinton Boasts of Hillary’s ‘Working Relationship’ with Muslim Brotherhood,” By John Hayward, Breitbart , October 26, 2016: 
In a speech Bill Clinton gave at the home of Mehul and Hema Sanghani in October 2015, revealed to the public for the first time by WikiLeaks, former President Bill Clinton touted Hillary Clinton’s “working relationship” with the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi in Egypt as an example of her diplomatic skills.President Clinton also gave his wife a lot of credit for negotiating the Iran nuclear deal, in a passage that began with the standard Democrat “stuff happens” shrugging defense for foreign policy failures: 
Finally, we live in a world, as I said, that’s full of good news and bad news. The United States cannot control it all, but we need a president who’s most likely to make as many good things happen as possible, and most likely to prevent big, bad things from happening. You can’t keep every bad thing from happening; who’s most likely to be able to get people involved in a positive way. Even the people who don’t like the Iran nuclear agreement concede it never would have happened if it hadn’t been for the sanctions. Hillary negotiated those sanctions and got China and Russia to sign off – something I thought she’d never be able to do. I confess. I’m never surprised by anything she does, but that surprised me. I didn’t think she could do it. The Chinese and the Russians to see past their short-term self-interest to their long-term interest and not sparking another nuclear arms race. 
And when the Muslim Brotherhood took over in Egypt, in spite of the fact that we were (inaudible), she developed a working relationship with the then-president and went there and brokered a ceasefire to stop a full-scale shooting war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, which on top of what was going on in Syria and the (inaudible) Jordan would have been a calamity for the world. 
And when we were trying to reset our relations with Russia under President Medvedev, she and her team negotiated a New START Treaty, which limits warheads and missiles. And she lobbied it through the Senate. She had to get 67 votes, which means a lot of these Republicans who say that they don’t like her now are just kidding for election season. They trusted her, and she got it passed. You can’t get 67 votes in the Senate without a lot of Republican support. And I don’t know about you, but with all this tension and Mr. Putin trying to affect the outcome of the conflict in Syria, I think it’s a very good thing that we’re in a lower risk of any kind of accidental nuclear conflict with the Russians. She did that. 
You’ll rarely find a more tortured political framing of the Iran debacle than Bill Clinton boasting that the sanctions Barack Obama lifted were super-awesome, as even those who don’t think those sanctions should have been lifted agree. 
Mr. Clinton’s version of the Iran sanctions leaves out a few details , such as Russia’s keen financial interest in keeping Iranian energy out of the European market, and China’s desire to use Iran sanctions as a geopolitical bargaining chip. 
But the part about the Muslim Brotherhood is most interesting. If anything, he is selling Hillary Clinton’s “working relationship” with Egyptian Islamists short, because she used American diplomatic leverage for Morsi’s benefit even before he got elected, warning Egyptians about “backtracking” to a military regime at a key moment of the post-Mubarak campaign, when Morsi was running against a former member of Hosni Mubarak’s military. There have long been rumors that more subtle forms of U.S. “ pressure ” were used to secure Morsi’s office, as well. 
Then again, in public pronouncements, Clinton called Hosni Mubarak’s tottering regime “stable” and cautioned her Obama Administration colleagues against “pushing a longtime partner out the door.” 
A few days ago, declassified State Department documents revealed Clinton’s talking points for a 2012 meeting with Morsi hailed his election as a “milestone in Egypt’s transition to democracy,” and stated that she was to offer the Muslim Brotherhood leader “technical expertise and assistance from both the U.S. government and private sector to support his economic and social programs.” 
Clinton was also supposed to privately offer Morsi assistance with his police and security forces, which would be conducted “quite discreetly.” 
After Morsi was gone, she declared herself exasperated with Egyptian political culture and declared herself a cynical “realist.” That is pretty much the opposite of what everyone in the Obama Administration was saying while the “Arab Spring” was in the midst of springing its little surprises on autocratic but America-aligned (or at least America-fearing) regimes, which we were all supposed to feel guilty about selfishly supporting for so long. 
As for Clinton’s superb working relationship with Morsi, that eventually ended with Morsi’s wife railing against Clinton for supposedly dismissing him as “a simpleton who was unfit for the presidency,” and threatening to publish letters from Clinton to Morsi that would damage the former U.S. Secretary of State. Meanwhile, Mohammed Morsi is developing a solid working relationship with the Egyptian penitentiary system . 
Egypt has one of those icky military governments again, and while it won’t have fond memories of Hillary Clinton’s support for the Muslim Brotherhood regime, it will most likely work with whoever wins the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Therefore, a prospective President Hillary Clinton probably won’t suffer too much from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s appalling lapses in judgment. 
Courtesy of Pamela Geller Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
8906,Xi Jinping’s Failed Promises Dim Hopes for Economic Change in 2nd Term - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   For years, China’s president, Xi Jinping, has talked the talk of economic reform. In January, he dazzled business executives in Davos, Switzerland, with a defense of international trade. Last month, he urged officials to “seize hold of reform and make it an even bigger priority. ” And the annual meeting of China’s legislature, starting Sunday, appears sure to echo that theme. But as Mr. Xi nears the end of his first   term as Communist Party leader, his record has not lived up to the bold statements, critics say. The question now is whether he was ever really serious about taking the painful steps needed to repair the economy, or merely paying lip service to reform to justify his tightening grip on power. Mr. Xi’s defenders argue that he had to consolidate his authority first, before he could make the potentially wrenching decisions needed to open markets and trim bloated   industries. With weak growth in the rest of the world and demand for China’s exports flagging, they contend, there was little margin for error and caution was warranted. The proof will be in the second term, they say, when Mr. Xi finally has the power to push through difficult economic adjustments. Mr. Xi is already China’s most powerful leader in decades. He has repeatedly used his authority, though, to undercut reforms he says are necessary, ordering   intervention in the stock market, for example, and restrictions on the movement of money abroad and property prices. The problem, critics say, is that Mr. Xi’s demands for centralized control, stability and political conformity have often drowned out hesitant steps toward economic liberalization. And his second term is likely to bring more of the same, they say. “I’m highly skeptical, since I don’t think it’s a lack of authority or the opposition of special interests that have kept him from moving in that direction so far,” said Scott Kennedy, the director of the Project on Chinese Business and Political Economy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “Rather, he’s operated according to his instincts in the face of economic challenges. And I don’t expect his instincts or those challenges to change much. ” Many economists, executives and policy advisers in Beijing do not disguise their disappointment about what has happened to Mr. Xi’s promises of an audacious overhaul of the economy. In 2013, he and his premier, Li Keqiang, laid out big plans to give markets and entrepreneurs more room to grow. The market would play a “decisive role” in allocating resources, Mr. Xi declared. Wu Jinglian, one of China’s most prominent economists, said at a recent meeting in Beijing that “the direction of reform laid out in these documents is clear, and the measures are right, but the problem has been implementation. ” “Putting it relatively tactfully,” he continued, “it hasn’t been vigorous enough. ” Economists abroad have been less tactful. “Virtually across the board, China is falling short of its own   objectives for reform,” said Daniel H. Rosen, a founding partner of the Rhodium Group, an economic research company. “Even the G. D. P. growth that we have is ever more reliant on debt, and this is a consequence of falling short on reform. ” To be sure, the Xi years have not been static. China has loosened controls on its domestic bond market, allowing more foreign participation. The policy that limited most urban households to one child was abolished and replaced by a “two child” policy and even measures to encourage couples to have two children. Mr. Li, the premier, has made it his mission to cut down paperwork and regulations that weigh on small businesses. “I feel that a lot of changes actually have happened,” said Jianguang Shen, a China economist in the Hong Kong office of Mizuho Securities. “People expect faster, radical reform after the party congress” late this year, when Mr. Xi starts a second term as party leader. Some experts argue that Mr. Xi will then be politically secure and more willing to let his new team push through contentious changes, including cutting more excess industry, shedding jobs in ailing state companies and giving private businesses a bigger share of bank loans. With the economy still growing at an impressive 6. 7 percent last year, officials say the government has kept the right balance between change and stability. “The boat sails best when the winds and waves are steady,” Liu Shiyu, the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, said at a news conference last Sunday. “Without stable market conditions, no reform can make progress, and there may even be reversal of the strides that we’ve made. ” But even many who accept China’s model of gradual,   reform say that under Mr. Xi, promised changes have stalled or been reversed. Mr. Xi, who dominates economic policy and much else besides, has flinched from the harder changes needed for   prosperity and has yet to find a way to keep the economy growing without administering ever larger injections of debt. And while many economists, including some of Mr. Xi’s top advisers, continue to lobby openly for more   policies, the government has also become less tolerant of those who directly and publicly criticize it for not doing enough, including by censoring them on social media. The economy has been slowing steadily and has required larger and larger amounts of debt each year just to avoid a much steeper slowdown. It is Mr. Xi’s own policies, though, that raise the biggest questions about his commitment to change. As more and more capital has left China, the government has restored restrictions on moving money abroad. While taxes have been increased on service industries, promises to introduce a property tax and other fiscal changes have made little headway. That logjam has left the finances of local governments in many   cities dangerously dependent on land sales for revenue. Mr. Xi also promised to make state corporations leaner and more focused on achieving financial health in their core businesses. But he also demanded that party committees have a bigger say in company decisions, leaving plenty of room for party officials to undercut corporate reorganization. “On the one hand, there’s the talk of strengthening reform. On the other hand, all the agencies are stressing enhancing leadership by the party,” Li Weisen, an economist at Fudan University in Shanghai who advocates market liberalization, said in a telephone interview. “We’ve maybe issued over a hundred of these reform documents,” he added, “but which ones have really been implemented, including fiscal reforms?” Business leaders say more should be done to lighten their burdens. Liu Hanyuan, the chairman of Tongwei Group, a large manufacturer of solar panels based in Chengdu, in southwest China, used a Chinese aphorism to describe the burden of regulations, taxes and local fees on Chinese companies: “We should abandon the idea that as many fees and taxes should be collected as possible. We should keep enough water to raise fish. ” Some of the initial hopes that Mr. Xi would turn out to be a market liberalizer were probably never realistic. The Chinese government’s idea of reform has never been the   bonanza that some economists advocate. Even Deng Xiaoping, who first injected elements of capitalism into the Chinese economy in the 1980s, stressed that the government must retain control. His approach has delivered decades of growth that has lifted living standards for hundreds of millions of people while creating hundreds of billionaires. During the 1990s, President Jiang Zemin pressed ahead with changes that shut down thousands of struggling   factories, encouraged private entrepreneurs to join the party and prepared for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization in late 2001. Yet he, too, remained committed to state ownership, and his successor, Hu Jintao, proved even more committed to steering development through state planning. Most experts expect Mr. Xi will stay much the same leader he has been for five years, unless slowing growth and rising debt produce a shock. Yet the cost of inaction could be an increasingly   inefficient economy. “If the government keeps meddling in the markets to ensure growth, then this road will become impassable,” said Mr. Li, the professor in Shanghai. “The problems won’t be solved and will only get worse. ”",0
8907,"Oroville Lake Down 52 Feet, but 9 Upstream Reservoirs to Flood","Although the California Department of Water Resources is claiming Oroville Dam is safer because the water level has fallen by 52 feet, that feat was largely accomplished by   9 upstream reservoirs that are all expected to flood as another Pineapple Express   brings 48 hours of heavy rain through Wednesday. [The last winter storm caused an evacuation of about 200, 000 people downstream from Lake Oroville due to the threat of a catastrophic failure of the dam.  Although most Americans have been told that the fissure in the side of the dam has been stabilized by opening up the spillway to drain the lake, and helicopters have dropped huge bags of rocks in a crack, the water flow into Oroville Lake has been restricted by overfilling the upstream reservoirs. The nine State Water Project and PGE earthen reservoirs on the Upper Feather River Watershed that feed directly into Lake Oroville were already at maximum capacity prior to the new storms. This next storm is expected to bring   inches of rain in the valleys. But the Central Sierras are expecting 10 inches of snow and rain over the next 7 days. With all the higher elevation reservoirs brimming, Supervisor Kevin Goss from mountainous Plumas County told the Sacramento Bee, “I’m watching, and I’m worried. ” Flooding from the last set of storms shut down escape in all directions in his Indian Valley district. The towns of Greenville and Taylorsville were isolated, and sewer systems for the sparsely populated county suffered extensive damage as many roads washed out. The flooding from the new storm is expected to be much more serious. In addition, tRelatively warm temperatures of up to 49 degrees in nearby Tahoe caused snowmelt this week. With the “Snow Water Equivalents” for this time of year in the Central Sierras at 183 percent and the Southern Sierras at 205 percent the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration warned that the mountains could see significant runoff. The total capacity of the upstream dams is about 400, 000 acre feet, or about one tenth the capacity of Lake Oroville. Last week, the upstream reservoirs were allowed to fill in an effort to take pressure of Oroville Dam. But with the dams full, virtually 100 percent of the rain and runoff from the coming storms will flow into Oroville Lake. Despite the upstream restricting of water flow, Lake Oroville added over 1 million acre feet of water in three days during the last storm. Engineers from the California Department of Water Resources hope that a combination of releasing 800, 000 acre feet of water from the lake will be enough to prevent another Oroville Dam flood.  ",0
8909,Camera Catches Hillary’s Sick Hidden Message To Christian Voters,"Camera Catches Hillary’s Sick Hidden Message To Christian Voters Posted on October 27, 2016 by Prissy Holly in Politics Share This 
Democrats are constantly attacking Christianity while makingÂ their disdain for anything holy abundantly clear. Evidence of their godless agenda was on full display during the Democratic National convention, when they removed all references to God. It should come as no surpriseÂ what Hillary was caught doing at a campaign event, which clearlyÂ solidifies the true evil nature of the Democratic Party. 
Like it or not, our country was founded on Christian principles. “In God we trust” is not only printed on all of our currency, but references to God areÂ throughout the Constitution, as our Founding Fathers intertwined their faith with our founding documents. Liberals loathe this fact,Â and many have made it their life mission to erase God from everything in our country, as evidenced by their constant barrage on our faith. 
At a Democratic presidential rally in May, one of Hillary’s little evil minions took the stage to introduce Hillary to the crowd. But when the unnamed woman began using lines of ourÂ Pledge of Allegiance to weave withÂ her pro-Hillary rhetoric, she decided to omit two little words, as a blatant slap in the face to God. 
âOnly Hillary can bring us together as one nationâŚ UndâŚ Indivisible, with liberty and justice for all,â the woman said, while partially quoting the US Pledge of Allegiance. 
This demented woman intentionally removed “under God” from our nation’s pledge, but how Hillary reacted was even more disturbing, as she immediately begins to nod and smile inÂ agreement of this woman’s omission. Watch her choke on ""Under God""&""indivisible"" 
— NEEDYđLatina4Trump (@tteegar) October 25, 2016 
How sickening.Â Liberals will not be fully satisfied until they completely destroy our country with their vile agenda. If Hillary gets elected, we’ll soon have the most godless and corrupt person on the planet driving our country even further downÂ the path ofÂ darkness and destruction. 
At this point in our nation’s history, it’s imperative that we don’t just sit idly by and allow these things to go on. We have to get loud and aggressively fight back when we see darkness slipping in, whether that be at our children’s schools, in our government, orÂ in our presidential candidates.",0
8910,"What’s the Longest Humans Can Live? 115 Years, New Study Says - The New York Times","On Aug. 4, 1997, Jeanne Calment passed away in a nursing home in France. The Reaper comes for us all, of course, but he was in no hurry for Mrs. Calment. She died at age 122, setting a record for human longevity. Jan Vijg doubts we will see the likes of her again. True, people have been living to greater ages over the past few decades. But now, he says, we have reached the upper limit of human longevity. “It seems highly likely we have reached our ceiling,” said Dr. Vijg, an expert on aging at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. “From now on, this is it. Humans will never get older than 115. ” Dr. Vijg and his graduate students Xiao Dong and Brandon Milholland published the evidence for this pessimistic prediction on Wednesday in the journal Nature. It’s the latest volley in a   debate among scientists about whether there’s a natural barrier to the human life span. Leading figures in the debate greeted the new study with strong  —   and opposing  —   reactions. “It all tells a very compelling story that there’s some sort of limit,” said S. Jay Olshansky, a professor of public health at the University of Illinois at Chicago, who has made a similar argument for over 25 years. James W. Vaupel, the director of the   Odense Center on the Biodemography of Aging, has long rejected the suggestion that humans are approaching a life span limit. He called the new study a travesty. “It is disheartening how many times the same mistake can be made in science and published in respectable journals,” he said. Dr. Vaupel bases his optimism on the trends in survival since 1900. A child born in the United States in 1900 had an average life expectancy just short of 50 years. An American child born today can expect to live on average to age 79. Japan’s average life expectancy at birth has risen the most of any country so far, to 83 years. But when Dr. Vijg and his students looked closely at the data on survival and mortality, they saw something different. The scientists charted how many people of varying ages were alive in a given year. Then they compared the figures from year to year, in order to calculate how fast the population grew at each age. The   portion of society has been old people, Dr. Vijg found. In France in the 1920s, for example, the   group of women was the   . As average life expectancy lengthened, this peak shifted as well. By the 1990s, the   group of Frenchwomen was the   . If that trend had continued, the   group today might well be the   . Instead, the increases slowed down and appear to have stopped. When Dr. Vijg and his students looked at data from 40 countries, they found the same overall trend. The shift toward growth in   populations started slowing in the 1980s about a decade ago, it stalled. This might have occurred, Dr. Vijg and his colleagues said, because humans finally have hit an upper limit to their longevity. To further test this possibility, the researchers analyzed the International Database on Longevity, assembled by Dr. Vaupel and his colleagues. It contains detailed reports on 534 people who have lived to extremely old age. Dr. Vijg and his colleagues combed through the data, noting the year that each person in the database died, and charted the greatest age that someone had reached in each year since the 1960s. In 1968, the oldest age attained was 111. By the 1990s, that figure had increased to around 115. But then this trend stopped, too. With rare exceptions like Mrs. Calment, no one has lived beyond 115 years. The stall is evident not just among the  . “When you look at the   person  —   and the third and the fourth and the fifth  —   the trend is always the same,” Dr. Vijg said. On the researchers’ graph, Mrs. Calment is “clearly an outlier,” Dr. Vijg said. He and his students also calculated how likely it would be for someone to live much past her, given current trends. The verdict: practically nil. “You’d need 10, 000 worlds like ours to have the chance that there would be one human who would become 125 years,” Dr. Vijg said. Given the data, the scientists predict the future will look a lot like the present. “We expect that the oldest person alive will be around 115 years for the foreseeable future,” said Mr. Milholland, who worked with Dr. Vijg on the study. Scientists have long debated whether there’s a limit to life span  —   not just for humans, but for any species. Only now, thanks to the long increase in average life expectancy, are people living long enough to hit the ceiling, Dr. Vijg said. But Dr. Vaupel points out that in some countries, such as Japan, the cohort enjoying the fastest growth is continuing to shift older. As for the world records for life span, Dr. Vaupel argued that Dr. Vijg had failed to use the most powerful statistical methods available to analyze the data. On the other hand, Leonard P. Guarente, a professor of biology at M. I. T. praised the new study, saying it confirms an intuition he has developed over decades of research on aging. “This paper is a good dose of medicine, if you’ll pardon the expression, for those who would say there is no limit to human life span,” Dr. Guarente said. Starting in the late 19th century, average life expectancy started to rise because fewer children were dying. In recent decades, adults have also enjoyed better health. Some of those improvements have come from quitting smoking and having better diets. Antibiotics and drugs for chronic disorders like heart disease have also helped. But all of the improvements of modern life, Dr. Guarente and others argue, have not turned back the underlying biological process of aging. Based on his own experimental research, Dr. Vijg describes aging as the accumulation of damage to DNA and other molecules. Our bodies can slow the process by repairing some of this damage. But in the end it’s too much to fix. “At some point everything goes wrong, and you collapse,” Dr. Vijg said. The best hope for our species is not to extend our life spans, Dr. Vijg argues, but to lengthen our years of healthy living  —   with healthy habits and perhaps drugs that can repair some of the cellular damage that comes with time. “There’s a good chance to improve health span  —   that’s the most important thing,” Dr. Vijg said.",0
8912,Donald Trump Wins The Presidency In Historic Victory,"4 Replies 
Jonathan Turley – It appears that that “ basket of deplorables ” was a bit larger than Hillary Clinton expected. I was up to 4 am at Fox participating in the coverage of the election from New York. This was my fourth such presidential election as part a media team and it was fascinating to watch [results] unfold at the campaign headquarters at Fox. 
History will judge the decisions of Democrats leaders in this election. As I have previously written, the Democratic National Committee and establishment (including allies in the media) did everything they could to engineer the election of Hillary Clinton. While they had an extremely popular candidate in Bernie Sanders as well as Vice President Joe Biden, they insisted on advancing Clinton despite her being deeply disliked and the ultimate symbol of the establishment that the public was rallying against. 
As the close race indicated, the selection of a Sanders or Biden would have likely produced a sweep of both the White House and the Senate for the Democrats. Instead, they lost them both by forcing voters to vote for someone with record negatives. 
Voters were clear that they did not want Clinton, but the Democrats assumed that the “lesser of two evils” approach would again prevail. They were wrong. Many people voted for third party candidates and many people on the fence refused to pick the candidate most associated with the establishment and the status quo. 
I expect that history will judge the work of figures like Debbie Wasserman-Shultz and Donna Brazile harshly in the roles that they played and more generally in the failure of Democratic leaders to heed the clear demand from voters for a change in leadership. Hillary Clinton was a talented and historic nominee. However, she was also the very symbol of the establishment and heavily laden with the type of associations that the public was clearly reacting against. 
The wins in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania shows precisely how reckless and cynical the DNC strategy proved to be. Clinton won only 18 states and the District of Columbia, though it did earn her 242 electoral votes. Now for the first time in decades, the Democrats have handed a Republican president both houses of Congress. They solved gridlock but not in the way that they had hoped. 
I was astonished to see Clinton decline to speak to her supporters who had wait so loyally at their campaign headquarters. While she did concede over the telephone to Trump, I thought it was bad form not to come down to the headquarters and address the nation and her supporters. They worked incredibly hard and the loss was a terrible blow for them. They deserved better in my view and I felt truly sorry for both their disappointment and effective abandonment at that moment. 
Looking at the results coming into the headquarters, it was clear that no further “counting” would change the result as Clinton’s telephone call affirmed a short while later. It is the final obligation of a candidate in a presidential campaign to be with your supporters and show the nation that the transition of power would proceed, as it always has, in an orderly fashion. It was highly ironic given the well-founded criticism of the statement of Trump that he might not accept the results of the election — a view driven home by Chris Wallace (who was the gold standard for moderators in these election debates). 
The greatest loser in this election was the mainstream media. As I previously discussed , I believe that Trump did bring much of the negative coverage on himself. However, I saw many journalists discard any semblance of neutrality in their coverage, as vividly shown in Wikileaks emails of coordination with the Clinton campaign. The priority for the media should be a serious reexamination of its coverage in this election. 
In the end, the public wanted change and they got it. The fact is that many of the public has long felt that they no longer controlled their government and they were right. That is what makes this so revolutionary and transformative for American politics. Whatever a Trump Administration may hold, it will be shock to the system and that is precisely what tens of millions of Americans wanted. SF Source Jonathan Turley  ",0
8913,Chelsea Manning to Be Released Early as Obama Commutes Sentence - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama on Tuesday commuted all but four months of the remaining prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, the Army intelligence analyst convicted of a 2010 leak that revealed American military and diplomatic activities across the world, disrupted Mr. Obama’s administration and brought global prominence to WikiLeaks, the recipient of those disclosures. The decision by Mr. Obama rescued Ms. Manning, who twice tried to kill herself last year, from an uncertain future as a transgender woman incarcerated at the men’s military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kan. She has been jailed for nearly seven years, and her   sentence was by far the longest punishment ever imposed in the United States for a leak conviction. At the same time that Mr. Obama commuted the sentence of Ms. Manning, a   enlisted soldier at the time of her leaks, he also pardoned James E. Cartwright, the retired Marine general and former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who pleaded guilty to lying about his conversations with reporters to F. B. I. agents investigating a leak of classified information about cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program. The two acts of clemency were a remarkable final step for a president whose administration carried out an unprecedented criminal crackdown on leaks of government secrets. Depending on how they are counted, the Obama administration has prosecuted either nine or 10 such cases, more than were charged under all previous presidencies combined. In addition, Mr. Obama on Tuesday commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez Rivera, who was part of a Puerto Rican nationalist group that carried out a string of bombings in the late 1970s and early 1980s the other members of that group had long since been freed. Mr. Obama also granted 63 other pardons and 207 other commutations, mostly for drug offenders. Under the terms of the commutation announced by the White House on Tuesday, Ms. Manning is set to be freed on May 17 of this year rather than in 2045. A senior administration official said the   delay was part of a standard transition period for commutations to time served, and was designed to allow for such steps as finding a place for Ms. Manning to live after her release. The commutation also relieved the Defense Department of the difficult responsibility of Ms. Manning’s incarceration as she pushes for treatment for her gender dysphoria, including sex reassignment surgery, that the military has no experience providing. But the move was sharply criticized by several prominent Republicans, including the chairmen of the House and Senate armed services committees, Representative Mac Thornberry of Texas and Senator John McCain of Arizona, who called her leaks “espionage” and said they had put American troops and the country at risk. Speaker Paul D. Ryan called it “outrageous. ” “President Obama now leaves in place a dangerous precedent that those who compromise our national security won’t be held accountable for their crimes,” he said in a statement. But in a joint statement, Nancy Hollander and Vince Ward  —   two lawyers who have been representing Ms. Manning in appealing her conviction and sentence, and who filed the commutation application  —   praised the decision. “Ms. Manning is the     in the history of the United States,” they said. “Her   sentence for disclosing information that served the public interest and never caused harm to the United States was always excessive, and we’re delighted that justice is being served in the form of this commutation. ” In recent days, the White House had signaled that Mr. Obama was seriously considering granting Ms. Manning’s commutation application, in contrast to a pardon application submitted on behalf of the other   leaker of the era, Edward J. Snowden, the former intelligence contractor who disclosed archives of   surveillance files and is living as a fugitive in Russia. Asked about the two clemency applications on Friday, the White House spokesman, Josh Earnest, discussed the “pretty stark difference” between Ms. Manning’s case for mercy and Mr. Snowden’s. While their offenses were similar, he said, there were “some important differences. ” “Chelsea Manning is somebody who went through the military criminal justice process, was exposed to due process, was found guilty, was sentenced for her crimes, and she acknowledged wrongdoing,” he said. “Mr. Snowden fled into the arms of an adversary and has sought refuge in a country that most recently made a concerted effort to undermine confidence in our democracy. ” Mr. Earnest also noted that while the documents Ms. Manning provided to WikiLeaks were “damaging to national security,” the ones Mr. Snowden disclosed were “far more serious and far more dangerous. ” (None of the documents Ms. Manning disclosed were classified above the merely “secret” level.) Ms. Manning was still known as Bradley Manning when she deployed with her unit to Iraq in late 2009. There, she worked as a   intelligence analyst helping her unit assess insurgent activity in the area it was patrolling, a role that gave her access to a classified computer network. She copied hundreds of thousands of military incident logs from the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, which, among other things, exposed abuses of detainees by Iraqi military officers working with American forces and showed that civilian deaths in the Iraq war were probably much higher than official estimates. The files she copied also included about 250, 000 diplomatic cables from American embassies showing sensitive deals and conversations, dossiers detailing intelligence assessments of Guantánamo detainees held without trial, and a video of an American helicopter attack in Baghdad in which two Reuters journalists were killed, among others. She decided to make all these files public, as she wrote at the time, in the hope that they would incite “worldwide discussion, debates and reforms. ” WikiLeaks disclosed them  —   working with traditional news organizations including The New York Times  —   bringing notoriety to the group and its founder, Julian Assange. The disclosures set off a frantic scramble as Obama administration officials sought to minimize any potential harm, including getting to safety some foreigners in dangerous countries who were identified as having helped American troops or diplomats. Prosecutors, however, presented no evidence that anyone had been killed because of the leaks. At her   Ms. Manning confessed in detail to her actions and apologized, saying she had not intended to put anyone at risk and noting that she had been “dealing with a lot of issues” at the time she made her decision. Testimony showed that she had been in a mental and emotional crisis as she came to grips, amid the stress of a war zone, with the fact that she was not merely gay but had gender dysphoria. She had been behaving erratically, including angry outbursts and lapsing into catatonia midsentence. At one point, she had emailed a photograph of herself in a woman’s wig to her supervisor. Prosecutors said that because the secret material was made available for publication on the internet, anyone, including Al Qaeda, could read it. And they accused Ms. Manning of treason, charging her with multiple counts under the Espionage Act, as well as with “aiding the enemy,” a potential capital offense, although they said they would not seek her execution. Ms. Manning confessed and pleaded guilty to a lesser version of those charges without any deal to cap her sentence. But prosecutors pressed forward with a trial and won convictions on the more serious versions of those charges a military judge acquitted her of “aiding the enemy. ” In her commutation application, Ms. Manning said she had not imagined that she would be sentenced to the “extreme” term of 35 years, a term for which there was “no historical precedent. ” (There have been only a handful of leak cases, and most sentence are one to three years.) After her sentencing, Ms. Manning announced that she was transgender and changed her name to Chelsea. The military, under pressure from a lawsuit filed on her behalf by Chase Strangio of the American Civil Liberties Union, has permitted her to partly transition to life as a woman, including giving her   hormones and letting her wear women’s undergarments and light cosmetics. But it has not let her grow her hair longer than male military standards, citing security risks, and Ms. Manning said she had yet to be permitted to see a surgeon about the possibility of sex reassignment surgery. Until recently, the military discharged transgender soldiers. In June, Secretary of Defense Ashton B. Carter changed that policy and said the military would instead provide treatment for them, eventually including such surgery if doctors said it was necessary.   Donald J. Trump mocked that change as excessively “politically correct,” raising the possibility that he will rescind it. But even if he does, Ms. Manning will soon no longer be subject to the military’s control.",0
8914,German Defence Commissioner Vows: ’In The End There Will Be A European Army’,"As negotiations between Britain and the EU over Brexit get underway, a senior German politician has declared that a “European Army” is inevitable.[  Bartels, the parliamentary commissioner for the Armed Forces, insisted: “In the end, there will be a European Army. ”  Bartel alleged the   system of national armies accountable to national governments was “disorganised, technically fragmented and duplicate structures unnecessarily”. He claimed Europe’s peoples “do not want to go down the solitary national path anymore. Not in Germany, not in the Netherlands, not in the Czech Republic and not in Italy. ” He added: “Every step in the right direction [towards an EU army] is important. ” Bartel’s comments follow European Commission President   Juncker announcing a European Defence Action Plan, amongst other measures to deepen EU military integration. In the very long run, we will need a European army. Because we have to be credible when it comes to foreign policy #wahlarena #withJuncker,  —     Juncker (@JunckerEU) May 20, 2014,  Eurosceptic groups such as Veterans for Britain, which campaigned for Brexit under the chairmanship of Falklands War hero Major Julian Thompson, has repeatedly warned against the dangers of Britain becoming embroiled in these plans despite its formal departure from the bloc. Towards the end of 2016,   Thompson warned that Government officials were signing Britain up to military integration schemes so ambitious that he considered it tantamount to “the UK joining the single currency in its last two years of EU membership”. “The plans use all means at the EU’s disposal to encroach on every single area of UK defence planning,” he said. “Policy, procurement, funding, intelligence services, command structure and defence research are all appropriated by these EU plans. ” Juncker has been binding the UK into clever and entangling military plans  . UK gov has so far acquiesced. pic. twitter.   —   Veterans for Britain (@VeteransBritain) June 11, 2017,  “British ministers have been creating a labyrinth from which we will need to escape,” said Veterans for Britain spokesman David Banks. “They have agreed to these vast EU plans while the UK is still obliged to comply as a   and the Prime Minister will be given yet more to sign off on Thursday. “It is time for ministers to rein in these approvals and to allow MPs to discuss how much control the country wants to give away. Having left the EU we should be giving nothing away, but focusing on our   NATO relationships with European partners instead. ” Remember when they talk of ”European sovereignty” the UK has signed up to all EU defence agreements since   . pic. twitter.   —   Veterans for Britain (@VeteransBritain) June 11, 2017,  As recently as March 2017, the then French President François Hollande was insisting “the UK, even outside the EU, should be associated with [EU military integration]”. Hollande protege and current President Emmanuel Macron is also an enthusiast for the process of unification. ",0
8915,ISIS Calls Ohio State University Attacker a ‘Soldier’ - The New York Times,"COLUMBUS, Ohio  —   The Islamic State claimed responsibility on Tuesday for the attack at Ohio State University, calling the student who drove his car into pedestrians and then slashed people with a butcher knife a “soldier” of the terrorist group. A day after the assault injured 11 people, local and federal law enforcement agencies were searching for evidence to determine whether it was an act of terrorism and whether the assailant acted alone, while the large Somali immigrant community here denounced the attack and braced for a possible backlash. The attacker, identified as Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a   Ohio State student, was shot and killed by a police officer. The Islamic State, which has urged Muslims to carry out attacks in the West, released a   statement on its news wire, via the messaging app Telegram, that included the same stock phrases it has used in previous claims. Although there was no immediate evidence that Mr. Artan had declared allegiance to any terrorist group or claimed allegiance to one, the vast majority of attacks claimed this way by the Islamic State have eventually been shown to at least have been inspired by the group’s propaganda. Shortly before the attack, the student had warned on social media about what he called mistreatment of Muslims, NBC News reported. If the United States wants “Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace with ‘dawla in al sham,’” Mr. Artan was said to have written on a Facebook page that has since been taken down, referring to the Islamic State’s territory in Syria and Iraq. In the same post, he wrote, “Every single Muslim who disapproves of my actions is a sleeper cell, waiting for a signal. I am warning you Oh America. ” Mr. Artan was admitted to the United States in 2014 as the child of a refugee, his mother, and before that he lived for seven years in Pakistan, federal law enforcement officials said. Catholic Charities of Dallas said Tuesday that investigators had contacted the group because it had supplied “shelter, clothing and other basic humanitarian services for a short time in 2014” to a person who might have been a family member of the attacker. In Columbus, Mr. Artan lived with his mother, several siblings and possibly other family members crowded into a townhouse apartment in the southwest part of the city. Leaders of local mosques and Somali community groups said they did not know him or his family. On Tuesday, the police and federal agents could be seen entering and leaving the apartment, and questioning other residents of the complex. “They just seemed like a normal family,” said Joe Brickner, a neighbor. “They always parked right here, that’s the only thing weird about them,” he said, pointing to a fire hydrant, “like they didn’t understand no rules. ” Mr. Artan, who was in his first semester studying management at Ohio State, earned an associate degree with honors this year at Columbus State Community College. Ohio State said he was 18, but investigators say there are conflicting records, and he might have been older. The university police said they had never encountered Mr. Artan before Monday, and local court records show no cases involving him. In August, he was featured in The Lantern, a campus publication, saying that he had not found a place for a Muslim to pray at Ohio State, and that he was afraid of how people would react if he prayed in the open “with everything that’s going on in the media. ” He voiced a similar concern at Columbus State, a fellow student recalled. “He didn’t talk a lot, but when he did, it was about his beliefs,” and was at times “a little preachy,” said Myranda Thompson, a Columbus State student who was Mr. Artan’s partner for a project in a sociology class. “You could tell he had a passion for his religion. I remember him being upset having to pray around here in the cafeteria,” and a concern about how others would see it. Even so, “He was always smiling and seemed happy,” and she had no sense that he might snap, she said. “Going to a bigger college like O. S. U. there were more people to pick on him he may have had a breaking point. ” Other Somalis and Muslims said this week that Mr. Artan’s complaints about a place to pray, or an adverse reaction, rang hollow. “It’s a nonsense excuse,” said Mahamud Kassin, a math teacher in Columbus who graduated from Ohio State in 2014. “Every library has a place you can worship. ” Jibril Mohamed, a lecturer in Somali language and culture at Ohio State, and adviser to the Somali Students Association, said he had never encountered Mr. Artan, but he spoke with a student who was taking an accounting class with him. “He said he was a quiet, intelligent young man, he was the kind of guy who knows his content before class, he asks the right questions,” he said. “All of a sudden for him to attack people and lose his life, it makes no sense. ” Over three decades, millions of people have fled Somalia, a country racked by civil wars and terrorism. The Columbus area has the   Somali population in the United States, after the  . Paul area, estimated by the Somali Community Association of Ohio at 38, 000 people. “We have not had any serious incidents up until now, so this is frightening,” Mr. Mohamed said. “Many of the young Somali people on campus are really scared. ” Nabeel Alauddin, a president of the university’s Muslim Students’ Association, said the attack worried him “because it is getting to be increasingly challenging to be an American Muslim. ” But as a Buckeye, he said, he was angry because “this really was an attack on student safety. ” On Tuesday afternoon, three victims remained hospitalized, and one who was released recounted the attack at a news conference. William Clark, an emeritus professor of materials science and engineering, said he was among several people standing outside Watts Hall, which had been evacuated because of a fire alarm. They were about to   the building, when “I suddenly heard a shout and then this tremendous crash,” he said, as a silver car drove onto the sidewalk, and slammed into a concrete and brick planter. “It clipped the back of my right leg, and basically flipped me up in the air and I landed on concrete. ” Officials have said that Mr. Artan got out of the car and began slashing people with a butcher knife, and ignored commands by Alan Horujko, a university police officer, to drop the knife. The officer fatally shot him. “I never heard the assailant say anything,” Professor Clark said. The entire episode seemed to last just “15 to 30 seconds,” he said, but he and others, unsure if it was over, went inside and took shelter in a basement laboratory. He did not realize he had two deep lacerations above his right ankle until a student pointed out that he had left “footprints of blood all the way down the hall. ” The attack put the sprawling campus on lockdown for about an hour and a half, as people barricaded themselves in academic buildings and dorms. The claim of responsibility “doesn’t prove that there is a connection to the Islamic State, but it increases the probability that there was one,” said Thomas Joscelyn, a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. In its propaganda, the Islamic State has stressed that supporters do not need to plan complex attacks, explicitly calling on them to commit violence with cars, knives or whatever else is at hand. Hours after the attack, Telegram channels run by Islamic State supporters referred to the assailant as “brother” and used an Arabic hashtag that translates to #OhioAttack. The statement on Amaq, the Islamic State’s news agency, said the attacker had acted “in response to calls to target the citizens of the international coalition. ”",0
8916,Chuck Todd: After 5 Months in Office Trump’s Presidency Is in ‘Peril’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” host Chuck Todd said the presidency of Donald Trump was in “peril. ”  Todd said,”  President Trump has been in office for less than five months, and it’s fair to say that his presidency is now in some peril. News organizations led by The Washington Post reported this week that Mr. Trump is under investigation for possible obstruction of justice. “President struck back on Twitter seeming to acknowledging that that fact was true, but then a source close to his outside counsel unassisted that when President Trump said I am being investigating for firing the FBI director, that was not an acknowledgment that he was being investigated for firing the FBI director,” he added. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
8917,6.6 Earthquake Destroys Ancient Buildings In Italy,"The medieval basilica of St Benedict in Norcia, the town closest to the epicentre, was among buildings destroyed. The Basilica of St. Benedict is destroyed, flattened by most recent earthquake. #Terremoto pic.twitter.com/GQDl64LhFn 
— The Monks of Norcia (@monksofnorcia) October 30, 2016 
An evacuation of buildings in the region deemed vulnerable to seismic activity last week, following strong aftershocks from August’s quake, may have saved lives. 
Tremors from this latest earthquake were felt in the capital Rome, where the Metro system was shut down, and as far away as Venice in the north. 
The head of the national civil protection agency, Fabrizio Curcio, said there had been extensive damage to many historic buildings but no deaths had been registered. 
“About 20 people are injured. As far as people are concerned, the situation is positive, but many buildings are in a critical state in historic centres and there are problems with electricity and water supplies,” he added. 
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has promised that everything will be rebuilt, saying resources will be found. 
“We are going through a really tough period,” he said. “We must not allow the profound pain, fatigue and stress that we have now to turn into resignation.” 
Pope Francis mentioned the quake in his Sunday blessing in Rome’s St Peter’s Square. 
“I’m praying for the injured and the families who have suffered the most damage, as well as for rescue and first-aid workers,” he said to loud applause. 
According to Ansa the cathedral of Saint Maria Silver and the town hall were also reported to have been damaged along with the 4th century church in Rome commonly known as ‘St Paul’s Outside the Walls’. 
The news agency reported that cornices fell and cracks appeared in the walls after the quake struck central Italy and shook many buildings in the capital.",0
8918,Las imágenes libres de derechos más destacadas de la semana,"Las imágenes libres de derechos más destacadas de la semana EL DISCURSO DE GABRIEL RUFIÁN Y EL DÚO DE CHENOA Y BISBAL EN IMÁGENES GRATUITAS 
Uno de los disfraces que más han triunfado en este Halloween: Pablo Escobar. 
2. 
Varios diputados de Podemos se han disfrazado de Angela Merkel. 
3. 


El dirigente del PSC, Miquel Iceta, preparado para pasar una buena noche de Halloween vestido de Jessica Rabbit. 
4. 


Finalmente, Bob Dylan contestó a las llamadas de la Academia de los Premios Nobel, mostrando su alegría por el galardón. 
5. 


Pedro Sánchez a punto de coger su coche e ir a todos los rincones de España. 
6. 


Felipe González llama al Consejo de Administración de Gas Natural para decirles que “todo sigue según lo previsto”. 
7. 


La espontaneidad de la Princesa Leonor, socialista de toda la vida, al ver que Rajoy entraba en la Zarzuela para jurar su cargo. 
8. 


Gabriel Rufián (ERC) pronunciando su discurso en el debate de investidura, ante un escandalizado Antonio Hernando (PSOE). 
9.",0
8919,The Deep-Programs of your Conditioned Mind are Living your Life,"The Deep-Programs of your Conditioned Mind are Living your Life Nov 4, 2016 3 0 
“The first gift of your conscious alertness is when you discover, that instead of you, the deep-programs of your conditioned mind are living your life” Frank M. Wanderer 
The society and culture in which you have grown up programmed those fixed patterns of the mind into you, and your identity who you are and what your job is in this world, is based upon those patterns. What need we know about this fixed conditioned mental patterns? The fixed patterns of your mind are individual, since they reflect the expectations of the particular environment in which you have been brought up. The expectations usually influence you unconsciously, almost like automatic deep programs of the mind. These systematic patterns of thoughts, programmed into you by your parents and teachers are deeply embedded into your mind and subconscious by the psychological mechanisms of identification, and they automatically surface every now and then. These patterns strive to be self-sustaining, and they generate the work of mind. The result is the cobweb of thoughts with which you identify and that is how you live your life. As these in-depth conditioning have become a part of your mind in the course of your upbringing, a particular situation or person immediately activates them. You automatically put on the mask appropriate for the particular situation, tailored to the expectations of the situation or person. The fixed operational methods of the mind cannot be defeated by the works of the mind itself, that is, by effort, practice or your willpower. When a fixed mental pattern appears, all you need to do is watch how it works, what expectation activates it. But you do not need to fight it, you do not need to make any effort to neutralize it. There is only one remedy against them, and that is Sight, nourished by the deeper dimensions of Alertness , and the Sight will bring recognition to you. The power of Sight is that it reduces your identification with your mind, and places you back into your original state of existence: Oneness. When you see and recognize how your fixed mental patterns work, the energy supply they receive gradually dries up, since the energy that formerly supplied these patterns now supply the emergence of the deeper dimensions of Alertness in you. In this way, conditioned mental patterns gradually lose their power and they vanish. As a result, the work of the mind that might have appeared chaotic to you before become increasingly transparent. In this way, Consciousness and Presence will increasingly dominate your mind, and they will be manifested in longer and longer periods of silence. That is how the mind regains its original mission, and it will become a means by which Consciousness is able to express itself in the world of forms and shapes .",0
8921,The Great Wall Street/Washington Con Job: Part 4 Of The Recovery Which Didn’t Happen,"The Great Wall Street/Washington Con Job: Part 4 Of The Recovery Which Didn't Happen By David Stockman.   During the last few days we have been debunking the notion that Imperial Washington's massive monetary and fiscal stimulus caused the so-called ""recovery"". To the contrary, it has actually poisoned the regenerative powers of American capitalism by causing capital and resources to flow out of the main street economy and into the speculative casinos of Wall Street.  ",0
8923,FBI LAUNCHES PROBE AFTER OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT LEAKS DOCUMENTS – REPORT,"Home › US NEWS › FBI LAUNCHES PROBE AFTER OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT LEAKS DOCUMENTS – REPORT FBI LAUNCHES PROBE AFTER OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT LEAKS DOCUMENTS – REPORT 0 SHARES [11/3/16] An internal investigation has reportedly been launched by the FBI into one of its automated Twitter accounts after a series of documents were released. 
The Twitter bot ‘FBI Records Vault’ had not been in use for over a year, but suddenly released several documents on October 30. 
The FBI is now investigating the account, according to Judd Legum, editor of Think Progress . TP is a project of the Center for American Progress, the Democratic think tank founded by John Podesta, campaign chairman for Hillary Clinton. 
The account’s puzzling activation was referred to the FBI’s Inspection Division for an “investigation” by Candice Will, the assistant director for the FBI’s Office of Professional Responsibility. Following the investigation, it will then be referred back to Will’s department for “adjudication,” according to Legum. 
A complaint is said to have been filed by Jonathan Hutson, a former employee of the Center for American Progress and a public-relations consultant, leading to the investigation. Post navigation",0
8924,"Professor Shares Insights on Paranormal, Cannibalism and Vampires.","Professor Shares Insights on Paranormal, Cannibalism and Vampires. # Edward777 0 
Durham University lecturer Richard Sugg deals with history and analysis of esoteric themes as well as corpse medicine in European history, vampirism in ancient and modern Europe, ghosts and poltergeists. He deals with how society sees these subjects, some explanations, some items that have no scientific explanations, and even the psychological basis for these topics. Some of these you may have heard about, most of his research is probably new to listeners. Tags",0
8925,This true story about training a dog has gone massively viral because “It’s the best god damn story you’ll ever read.”,"Next Prev Swipe left/right This true story about training a dog has gone massively viral because “It’s the best god damn story you’ll ever read.” 
@Pastelpouts over on Twitter says, “This is the best god damn story I have ever read.” 
Mia ‘s tweet has gone viral with over 110k retweets and likes.",0
8926,"After Terrorizing America With Zika Scaremongering, MSM Admits Zika Doesn't Cause Brain Deformities","After Terrorizing America With Zika Scaremongering, MSM Admits Zika Doesn't Cause Brain Deformities The entire leftist media is not merely dishonest and corrupt, their science writers are unbelievably... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/after-terrorizing-america-with-zika.html The entire leftist media is not merely dishonest and corrupt, their science writers are unbelievably stupid and ill-informed about nearly everything in the natural world. Today, after months of printing fear-inducing ""Zika terrorism"" stories that scared America half to death while convincing the government to funnel billions of dollars into Zika vaccine research for Big Pharma, the Washington Post now admits it had no idea what it was talking about . But rather than admitting its own science writers were scientifically illiterate propagandists pushing quack narratives as news, the paper now blames other scientists for the gross error by publishing a headline that's once again dishonest and deceptive: ""Scientists are bewildered by Zika's path across Latin America,"" it proclaims.Bewildered about ""Zika's path?"" The story headline should actually read, "" Zika HOAX revealed... it doesn't cause brain damage after all ."" (You can read it here ). Washington Post has been shamelessly pushing the Zika HOAX for months... with no apology to readers In the story, writers Dom Phillips and Nick Miroff essentially reveal that what the Washington Post has been writing about the Zika virus has been based entirely in government propaganda and pandemic lies pushed by the CDC, which of course has close ties to the criminal vaccine industry: Nearly nine months after Zika was declared a global health emergency, the virus has infected at least 650,000 people in Latin America and the Caribbean, including tens of thousands of expectant mothers. But to the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil. Yes, the Washington Post now says the scientists are ""bewildered"" that their apocalyptic scare stories that caused female athletes to skip out on the Rio Olympics and scared tens of millions of Americans into poisoning themselves with DEET (a neurotoxic chemical) turned out to be total hogwash. DEET, by the way, combines with carbamate class pesticides to cause neurological dysfunction in humans , which coincidentally increases the number of people who watch CNN or read the Washington Post. For the record, no one who reads Natural News or alternative media websites is surprised by this revelations that has left mainstream scientists ""bewildered."" It's not bewildering to me. I called Zika a total hoax from day one, pointing out that the brain deformities were caused by larvacide chemicals dumped into the water supply , not by Zika. If anyone from the Washington Post bothered to read Natural News and learn about real science, they would have learned that Zika has infected tens of millions of people throughout South America for decades , with absolutely no measurable increase in neurological deformations. (But facts be damned, the WashPost had a panic to push!) Nation after nation records tens of thousands of infections with ZERO birth defects... Despite the factual reality of the situation, the state-controlled propagandists writing for rags like the Washington Post — a bogus newspaper that has lost all credibility in the minds of intelligent people — continued to pummel home their kooky science theories that claimed much of the U.S. South would be overrun by brain damaging mosquitoes, turning Southerners into shrunken-brained mutants while pregnant women fled northward to survive the airborne insect onslaught. Instead, nothing happened . No explosion in shrunken-headed babies. No wave of birth defects across Florida, even as city officials desperately bombarded their own cities with brain-damaging insecticides. No national emergency declared by Obama to bring back DDT and eradicate baby-murdering mosquitoes by dousing our open streets with thick clouds of organophosphate neurotoxins. Instead, the rate of neurological birth defects in most countries approached zero. Via the Washington Post's own graphic (partial list): Venezuela: 60,791 Zika infections... ZERO birth defects Honduras: 31,933 Zika infections... ONE birth defect Guadalupe: 30,969 Zika infections... ZERO birth defects Puerto Rico: 29,084 Zika infections... TWO birth defects Mexico: 4,837 Zika infections... ZERO birth defects From the WashPost article: Brazilian officials were bracing for a flood of fetal deformities as Zika spread this year to other regions of the country, Marinho said. However, “we are not seeing a big increase.” Gee, really? The vast majority of the brain defects, it turns out, came from just one small region of Brazil. A total of 2,033 children are so far recorded with neurological defects there, even while most other countries throughout the region had ZERO birth defects (or near zero). So what gives? Zika mosquitoes apparently carry geopolitical maps so they can solely target Brazil You don't have to be a genius to figure out that the stupid science theories of the mainstream media are total hokum and bunk . If Zika really did cause brain defects, it would have spread all across South America by now. It would have spread into Florida, California, Mississippi and Louisiana. It would have devastated the American South, Cuba, Haiti, Curacao and all the other island nations across the Caribbean. Yet the neurological defects were limited almost exclusively to Brazil. Somehow, if we believe the illiterate Washington Post science writers — who may in fact be the only brain damage victims of Zika in North America — mosquitoes carry MAPS to make sure they only activate their brain damage voodoo in Brazil . ""...[A]lthough the outbreak has spread this year to more than 50 nations and territories across the Western Hemisphere, U.N. data shows just 142 cases of congenital birth defects linked to Zika so far outside Brazil,"" says WashPost. Yes, my friends: GPA-carrying Zika mosquitoes are very careful to limit their pandemic voodoo to just one region of Brazil. By sheer coincidence, that's the same region where larvacide chemicals were dumped into the public water supply. Apparently, there isn't a single ""official"" scientist in the entire global government who has thought to test the water. Just freaking WOW... Let's throw these morons out of power in every election, okay? They don't deserve any positions of authority over anyone else. They're all so incredibly stupid, they couldn't survive at all unless they functioned as parasites on the taxpayers. They aren't giving up hope just yet... science writers desperately hope for more brain damaged babies to prove them right Enthusiasm for more brain damaged babies runs high at the Washington Post, which explains why they are all in for Hillary Clinton, the candidate of choice for brain damaged adults. Writing with a sense of real enthusiasm, the Washington Post can't wait for more brain damaged babies to appear: Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are closely watching Puerto Rico, which has reported more than 26,800 cases of Zika. More than 7,000 pregnant women could be infected by the end of the year, according to the CDC. (Yippee?) And now, the loony tunes quack science of the Zika ""scientists"" goes apoplectic, grasping for silly metaphors to try to obscure the fact that they are all stupid beyond belief. Via the WashPost: “Now we’ve settled on Zika as the smoking gun, but we don’t know who pulled the trigger,” said Marques, speaking from Recife, where he is working with government researchers. Huh? Wha? The metaphor doesn't even make any sense. Maybe the problem is too much fornicating. Seriously, this is now part of their idiotic theory: “Sexual habits and hygiene may also play a role,” he said, explaining that researchers are looking at whether sexual transmission can infect the uterus and placenta with the virus, potentially exposing the fetus to elevated risk. “We suspect the villain has an accomplice, but we don’t know who it is,” Marques said. Huh? Do they seriously think that people only have sex in Brazil but not other South American countries? Where does the Washington Post find these morons? I'm a real scientist saying all this As you read all this, remember that I have rapidly become one of the world's leading research scientists on the quantitation of cannabinoids in hemp extracts using mass spec instrumentation. I led the team that developed the most pioneering (and accurate) CBD mass spec analysis method in existence today. You can read about it at this link . I also routinely test water, food and environmental samples for heavy metals, pesticides and a multitude of chemical contaminants. When I say these Zika scientists are complete morons, that's the educated opinion of an accomplished scientist correctly pointing out the lunacy of Zika scaremongering. I could have solved this entire problem in the first few days by analyzing and detecting brain-damaging larvacide chemicals in the public water supply in Eastern Brazil. The entire project would have taken just a few days and cost almost nothing. Instead, Obama handed $1.8 billion to the vaccine companies in the midst of the Zika panic pushed by laughable rags like the Washington Post. It's all a racket, of course, just like their coverage of elections and political candidates. Everything you read at the Washington Post is a deception of one kind or another . The paper exists solely to promote the propaganda of the state so that the population can be manipulated and controlled. The Washington Post exists to terrorize the citizens with fascist propaganda parading as science As you've also learned by now, the corrupt leftist establishment of junk science, criminal politicians and idiotic journalists isn't interested in legitimate scientific solutions . They all function as extensions of a fascist state that must routinely terrorize its citizens with pandemic boogeyman scare stories in order to demand absolute obedience to the vaccine mandates that actually do damage the brains of children. Thus, SCIENCE be damned. They've got an agenda to push, and it doesn't matter to them whether that agenda is based on a single shred of real science. Zika is dangerous because they told you so, in exactly the same way they told you Hillary Clinton is totally honest, Obamacare would make health care more affordable, there's no such thing as voter fraud in America, and GMOs and vaccines are really, really good for you. So you can put down the DEET and stop poisoning your skin like an obedient idiot. Yes, it was all a scam. Yes, the official ""science"" was totally rigged. Yes, the media lied to you yet again. Yes, the CDC is a criminal racket. Yes, all the health ""officials"" were completely full of s**t. And no, Zika is not going to cause your babies to be born with shrunken heads. VACCINES, on the other hand, will most definitely cause brain damage, as they still contain mercury, a potent neurotoxin the Washington Post ridiculously insists becomes magically neutralized when you inject it into the body of a child. By Mike Adams Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
8927,Key G.O.P. Donors Still Deeply Resist Donald Trump’s Candidacy - The New York Times,"A powerful array of the Republican Party’s largest financial backers remains deeply resistant to Donald J. Trump’s presidential candidacy, forming a wall of opposition that could make it exceedingly difficult for him to meet his goal of raising $1 billion before the November election. Interviews and emails with more than 50 of the Republican Party’s largest donors, or their representatives, revealed a measure of contempt and distrust toward their own party’s nominee that is unheard of in modern presidential politics. More than a dozen of the party’s most reliable individual contributors and wealthy families indicated that they would not give to or raise money for Mr. Trump. This group has contributed a combined $90 million to conservative candidates and causes in the last three federal elections, mainly to “super PACs” dedicated to electing Republican candidates. Up to this point, Mr. Trump has embraced the hostility of the Republican establishment, goading the party’s angry base with diatribes against wealthy donors who he claimed controlled politicians. And he has succeeded while defying conventions of presidential campaigning, relying on media attention and large rallies to fire up supporters, and funding his operation with a mix of his own money and   contributions. But that formula will be tested as he presents himself to a far larger audience of voters. Mr. Trump has turned to the task of winning over elites he once attacked, with some initial success. And he has said he hopes to raise $1 billion, an enormous task given that he named a finance chairman and started scheduling   only this month. Among the party’s biggest financiers disavowing Mr. Trump are Paul E. Singer, a New York investor who has spent at least $28 million for national Republicans since the 2012 election, and Joe Ricketts, the TD Ameritrade founder who with his wife Marlene has spent nearly $30 million over the same period of time, as well as the hedge fund managers William Oberndorf and Seth Klarman, and the Florida hospital executive Mike Fernandez. “If it is Trump vs. Clinton,” Mr. Oberndorf said, “I will be voting for Hillary. ” The rejection of Mr. Trump among some of the party’s biggest donors and   reflects several strains of hostility to his campaign. Donors cited his fickleness on matters of policy and what they saw as an ad hoc populist platform focused on trade protectionism and immigration. Several mentioned Mr. Trump’s own fortune, suggesting that if he was as wealthy as he claimed, then he should not need their assistance. Among the more than 50 donors contacted, only nine have said unambiguously that they will contribute to Mr. Trump. They include Sheldon G. Adelson, the casino billionaire the energy executive T. Boone Pickens Foster Friess, a wealthy mutual fund investor and Richard H. Roberts, a pharmaceutical executive. Mr. Friess wrote in an email that Mr. Trump deserved credit for inspiring “truckers, farmers, welders, hospitality workers  —   the people who really make our country function. ” Many more donors declined to reveal their intentions or did not respond to requests for comment, a remarkable silence about the de facto nominee of their party. Asked how Mr. Trump intended to win over major donors, Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign, responded in one sentence. “There is tremendous support for Mr. Trump,” she said. Mr. Trump has declared that he expects the Republican Party to unite around him, and in recent weeks has made inroads among party leaders who once vowed to oppose him. He delivered a winning performance before lawmakers on Capitol Hill in a whirlwind visit to Washington this month. And polls show the party’s rank and file are beginning to coalesce behind Mr. Trump, and that they want party leaders to do the same. Some major donors have not explicitly closed the door on helping Mr. Trump, but have set a high bar for him to earn their support, demanding an almost complete makeover of his candidacy and a repudiation of his own inflammatory statements. “Until we have a better reason to embrace and support the top of the ticket, and see an agenda that is truly an opportunity agenda, then we have lots of other options in which to invest and spend our time helping,” said Betsy DeVos, a Michigan Republican whose family has given nearly $9. 5 million over the last three elections to party causes and candidates. But others simply believe Mr. Trump is unfit to serve in the Oval Office. Michael K. Vlock, a Connecticut investor who has given nearly $5 million to Republicans at the federal level since 2014, said he considered Mr. Trump a dangerous person. “He’s an ignorant, amoral, dishonest and manipulative, misogynistic, philandering,   isolationist, protectionist blowhard,” Mr. Vlock said. Mr. Vlock said he might give to Hillary Clinton instead, describing her as “the devil we know. ” “I really believe our republic will survive Hillary,” he said. At a dinner of the Manhattan Institute in New York earlier this month, Bruce Kovner, a New   investor who has given $3. 1 million to national Republicans in recent years, argued to a collection of influential conservatives that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton were both unacceptable choices. “When I talk to my colleagues and friends in similar positions, they have the same degree of discomfort,” Mr. Kovner said in an interview. Unless Mr. Trump can win over more benefactors, he is likely to become the first Republican presidential nominee in decades to be heavily outspent by his Democratic opponent, and may find it difficult to pay for both the   operations and the paid advertising campaigns that are typically required in a general election. Both President Obama and Mitt Romney raised over $1 billion in 2012, and Mrs. Clinton is expected to exceed that figure easily. Charles G. and David H. Koch, the country’s two most prolific conservative donors, are not expected to back Mr. Trump, and their advisers have been scathing in private assessments of Mr. Trump’s candidacy and his policy agenda. The Kochs, who command a vast network of conservative donors, have scheduled a conference of their allies in Colorado in late July, where much of their 2016 spending may be determined. A spokesman for the Kochs, James Davis, said they were chiefly focused on helping Republicans retain control of Congress, and many of their allies, along with other Republican givers, indicated in interviews that they were focused exclusively on the same goal. Even among the handful of big donors Mr. Trump has won over, doubts persist about both his abilities as a candidate and the political apparatus supporting him. Mr. Adelson, the most important donor who has endorsed Mr. Trump, has indicated that he will cut big checks to aid his campaign only if there is a credible advocacy group set up for that purpose. But Mr. Trump still has no sanctioned “super PAC” able to raise unlimited sums to support his campaign. A gathering next month at Mr. Pickens’s Texas ranch that was to be sponsored by one of the   groups, Great America PAC, has been called off because Mr. Pickens was not sure he was hosting Mr. Trump’s preferred super PAC. At a Republican Governors Association donor retreat last week in New Mexico, there was a debate on the sidelines about whether to support Mr. Trump. Mr. Friess argued that the Supreme Court vacancy made it imperative to rally around Mr. Trump. But Mr. Friess acknowledged in an email that enthusiasm for Mr. Trump was limited among his fellow major donors. If some agreed there was “no sensible choice other than to rally around Trump,” Mr. Friess said, many contributors viewed that prospect with “the same enthusiasm as a root canal. ” Walter Buckley, the founder of a Pennsylvania financial management company, said he decided to support Mr. Trump after Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey endorsed him. Predicting that Mr. Trump would shake up Washington, Mr. Buckley, said, “This political system needs a shaking like it’s probably not had in 100 years. ” But Mr. Buckley, who said he would be willing to contribute to the Trump campaign or to a super PAC supporting him, said he remained upset about Mr. Trump’s mockery of Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, for having been captured in Vietnam. “I don’t think anything that anybody’s ever said on the political front has bothered me more than that,” Mr. Buckley said.",0
8928,"At BlackRock, a Wall Street Rock Star’s $5 Trillion Comeback - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Laurence D. Fink, the leader and founder of BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, had come home. A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —   he had a story to tell the 5, 000 giddy graduates packed into the cavernous basketball arena at the University of California, Los Angeles. Once upon a time he was a rock star on Wall Street. He had big hair and flashed turquoise jewelry, and making money had never seemed so easy. Until it wasn’t. “I screwed up,” Mr. Fink declared, recalling the $100 million he blew thanks to failed mortgage trades in 1986. “And it was bad. ” For the graduating millennials, the morality tale resonated not least because it came from a U. C. L. A. grad who had ascended, fallen from and again scaled Wall Street’s treacherous peaks. But it was his description of why he stumbled that truly explained his evolution from     bond trader to master of a firm that has its eye on a sum about equal to the $16 trillion United States economy. “I had become complacent  —   too sure of what I thought I knew,” Mr. Fink said. “I believed I had figured out the market. But I was wrong because while I wasn’t watching, the world had changed. ” Over the last decade, no other financial firm has gone further in challenging the classic Wall Street moneymaking model for investment banks and traditional mutual fund companies: Hire  —   and handsomely pay  —   hotshots to make big bets with other people’s money. The future of finance, Mr. Fink has argued, lies with     investment styles such as   funds, which track a variety of stock and bond indexes or adhere to a set of financial rules. The idea is that such an approach eliminates at least some of the potential for human error, while lowering costs. It is this notion of using technology to root out investment risks that lies at the heart of BlackRock’s investing strategy. Putting this into practice is the firm’s   platform, Aladdin, which enjoys a ubiquity within the firm  —   it tracks everything from bond trades to head count  —   that evokes HAL 9000, the sentient computer in the movie “2001: A Space Odyssey. ” Some employees even use Aladdin as a verb, as in, “Has the new portfolio manager been Aladdinized yet?” On Wall Street, prestige and influence have always been functions of a firm’s ability to capture a large amount of what investors call flow  —   the trillions of dollars in securities that are bought and sold on a given day worldwide. Before the financial crisis, Goldman Sachs’s reputation was made because the choice transactions ran through its bankers and traders. The same could be said of the hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors under Steven A. Cohen, who rose to fame (and also became the target of regulators) on his ability to trade off this cascade. But in today’s world of violent price swings and   markets, those with near infinite buying power  —   central banks, sovereign wealth funds and the largest money manager in the land  —   have become the new arbiters of flow. “We have never seen a paradigm shift like this,” said Anthony J. Perrotta Jr. an analyst with the Tabb Group, which analyzes the structure of financial markets. “It is not about the flow of securities anymore, it is about the flow of information and indications of interest. ” BlackRock’s strategy was forged, and ultimately empowered, by two market calamities over the last three decades. The first, of course, was Mr. Fink’s experience at First Boston in 1986, when he bet big on mortgages without assessing how the securities would trade in a period of extreme stress. But BlackRock became the behemoth it is today only after the events of 2008. That is when a   toxic variety of the securitized mortgages that Mr. Fink helped design years earlier at First Boston imploded  —   setting off a chain of bank failures and the deepest global economic downturn since the Great Depression. Chastened investment banks were forced to exit these businesses under pressure from regulators. And in stepped BlackRock. Its assets under management swelled as investors  —   starved for higher returns  —   piled into the company’s E. T. F. s, which tracked the highflying markets. “The balance of power is now with firms like BlackRock because they have the ‘bid,’” said Mr. Perrotta of Tabb, using Wall Street argot to describe the buying power of large asset managers. The power shift was on display this spring, when Mr. Fink took the stage at an investor conference alongside John Cryan, recently charged with reviving the sagging fortunes of Deutsche Bank, one of the global investment firms that was minting money before the markets collapsed in 2008. While the event was billed as a cozy exchange of ideas between two Wall Street   it played out instead as a series of slightly peevish questions posed by Mr. Cryan to Mr. Fink. “You are effectively becoming the supplier of liquidity of last resort  —   beyond the central banks,” Mr. Cryan said to Mr. Fink. The assertion bordered on the impudent  —   suggesting that BlackRock and its $5 trillion stash of assets had become the new guarantor of stability because of its ability to buy and sell stocks and bonds in times of duress. Investment banks, which previously aspired to this duty, have been complaining for years that the financial system has become riskier because BlackRock and similar firms cannot perform such a   function. But to say as much to Mr. Fink directly  —   and in a room full of investors, no less  —   was highly unusual. Mr. Fink was clearly irritated by the query. “Well that is not our role  —   we won’t play that role,” he replied stiffly. It was not the most convincing of replies. Over the last 10 years, Mr. Fink has transformed BlackRock from a bond shop catering to pension funds and insurance companies into an   machine that uses advanced technology to reimagine how investors buy, sell and assess the risks of a wide variety of securities. Via its $1   in   funds, BlackRock has been instrumental in creating newly liquid markets in   and corporate bonds  —   a direct attack on the business model of banks like Deutsche Bank. And through its big   risk platform, Aladdin, or Asset Liability and Debt and Derivatives Investment Network, BlackRock says it has developed the market’s most highly evolved framework for   how securities will respond to certain situations  —   such as a sudden rise in interest rates or what happens in the event of a political surprise, like Donald J. Trump being elected president. Staffed by 2, 300 of BlackRock’s 13, 000 employees, Aladdin promises to help firms trade, analyze and keep a compliant eye on the assets they manage. In an era of severe regulatory scrutiny, the service has become quite popular.   firms  —   including Deutsche Bank’s asset management unit and Freddie Mac  —   managing a total of $10 trillion, now use it. For a man who, in his speeches, consistently spends more time talking about technology and risk analytics than the vagaries of the capital markets, Mr. Fink is no techie. Like many Wall Street titans of his vintage, the    Mr. Fink rarely sends emails. An infrequent texter, he does most of his communicating by phone, in meetings or over a plate of spicy pasta at his   Italian restaurant in Midtown Manhattan. Mr. Fink maintains a grueling schedule, mixing regular bicoastal trips in the United States with frequent client jaunts to China and the Middle East. “This job requires an enormous commitment,” he said. “The pace is relentless. There will be a day when I wake up one day and say I just can’t do it anymore. ” That day remains well in the future, he says. Still, with BlackRock’s growth in size and sway, the issue of who, if anyone, from within the firm is qualified to succeed Mr. Fink has become an existential question for the company’s board of directors. The problem is typical when replacing a founder: Mr. Fink has increased assets to $5 trillion from zero, and the imprint of his domineering personality has become so profound that virtually anyone will suffer to some degree in comparison, considering his track record. After all, in 1983, he structured one of the first collateral mortgage obligations, and along with Lewis Ranieri at Salomon Brothers made it possible for large investors to enter the market for mortgages. A quarter of a century later, Mr. Fink recognized that the time was right for E. T. F.s and  —   in the depths of the financial crisis  —   bought Barclays’s iShares business, a deal analysts consider one of the shrewdest in recent Wall Street memory. And beyond a soaring stock price, there are few better ways for a financial chief to command the respect of his peers than to slip through the grasp of regulators. So when Mr. Fink and his   lobbyists in Washington were able to make the case, after the 2008 financial crisis, that major fund companies like BlackRock posed no risks to the markets because of their size, it only added to his aura. There is a moment in Don DeLillo’s “Cosmopolis,” his meditation on the alienating effects of money and machines, when the protagonist financier offers a bit of advice to a colleague. There’s only one thing worth pursuing professionally and intellectually, he says: the interaction between technology and capital  —   its inseparability. That, more or less, is what Mr. Fink told Dexter Senft, his computer expert at First Boston in 1982. “We are bringing the computer onto the trading floor, Dexter,” Mr. Fink recalls saying at the time. “If we can do this, it will change our business forever. ” Not only would Mr. Fink and his bond wizards be able to sell billions of dollars of new securities, giving birth to today’s market for asset backed mortgages, they could also analyze how these securities would trade in certain situations. The immense losses at First Boston in 1986 taught a lesson that eventually shaped BlackRock. Mr. Fink realized that his clients on the “buy side” (the fund managers, insurance companies and pension funds shopping for investments) had become dependent on the ability of the “sell side” (the Wall Street investment banks) to analyze mortgages. That was because few   clients had invested in computers and technology to the level First Boston had. Most money management firms highlight their investment returns first, and risk controls second. BlackRock has taken a reverse approach: It believes that risk analysis, such as gauging how a security will trade if interest rates go up or down, improves investment results. That is where Aladdin comes in. Aladdin is a network of code, trades, chat, algorithms and predictive models that on any given day can highlight vulnerabilities and opportunities connected to the $15 trillion the firm tracks  —   $10 trillion of which belongs to outside firms that pay BlackRock a fee to have access to the platform. Aladdin fills the monitors of most BlackRock employees. One portfolio manager even went so far as to hang a nearly   screen on his office wall in order to get the full Aladdin experience. And at the company’s investor day in June, Mr. Fink and other top executives mentioned Aladdin 82 times  —   more than any other business line  —   even though the platform represents just 5 percent of the $11. 3 billion in revenues BlackRock took in last year. Or consider a recent marketing video that shows Mr. Fink and other top executives gazing at the camera and intoning one after the other, “I am Aladdin. ” From Mr. Fink’s early days on Wall Street, his ambition has been stoked by a sense that he has not been receiving the proper credit for his achievements. At First Boston, even though he was among the earliest to popularize trading in mortgage securities, his peers including Mr. Ranieri and others drew more public attention as innovators and moneymakers. As a successful, albeit mostly anonymous, bond manager at BlackRock in the 1990s and 2000s, he saw acclaim, pay and influence go to the chief executives of Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley. That began changing only in 2009, when he bought Barclays’s E. T. F. business. Last year he was among a small circle of Wall Street executives to attend the state dinner at the White House for the Chinese president, Xi Jinping. A part of Mr. Fink  —   a fervent Democrat today  —   believes he would make a pretty good Treasury secretary, say people who have discussed politics with him. Although he recently persuaded Cheryl Mills, one of Hillary Clinton’s closest advisers, to join the board of BlackRock, the view is fairly strongly held that if Mrs. Clinton becomes president, there is little chance that she will tap a Wall Street insider for the Treasury job. With BlackRock’s stock having more than doubled since 2011, far outpacing the likes of Goldman and JPMorgan and trading close to its record high, it seems that the market has come around to Mr. Fink’s financial worldview: that a low cost, systematic style of investing will, over time, grow faster than the costlier “active investing” model in which individuals, not algorithms, make stock, bond and asset allocation decisions. And the numbers in that regard are arresting. Through July, E. T. F.s and traditional index funds made up 30 percent of total mutual fund assets, according to the Investment Company Institute, a ratio that has doubled in just under 10 years. Of course, with close to $1. 5 trillion in actively managed funds, Mr. Fink is not ready to write off a segment of the industry that even after years of outflows clocks in at $11 trillion. And he underlines the importance of being able to offer the best of both active and passive investing styles to BlackRock clients. But inside the firm and out, there is little doubt that he is betting the ranch on E. T. F.s and similarly themed investments choices. These include   factor strategies, in which a bet is made on a certain investment outcome  —   like value stocks outpacing growth stocks, or a basket of   equities beating the broader indexes. In San Francisco, a team of equity investors deploys data analysis to study the language that a chief executive uses during an earnings call. Does he seem unusually bearish this quarter, compared with last? If so, maybe the stock is a sell. “We have more information than anyone,” Mr. Fink said. Some analysts, in fact, argue that BlackRock should be valued as a technology company, as opposed to an asset manager. Mark Wiedman, 45, a BlackRock executive who is on the short list to succeed Mr. Fink, believes that bond E. T. F. s, in particular, are creating a liquid market where a new generation of bond investors can freely buy and sell. For years, he and Mr. Fink have been pitching insurance companies and pension funds to stop buying individual bonds (from the likes of Deutsche Bank) and instead choose a BlackRock bond E. T. F. Now it’s happening. “I think of E. T. F.s as technology,” Mr. Wiedman said, as he leaned back in a swivel chair in his office. “It is a product that bundles up a bunch of securities, puts them on a screen and makes them easier to trade. ” Like many top executives here, Mr. Wiedman can get a bit manic when discussing the subject: Midway through an interview, he felt the need to somewhat violently undo his tie and cast it aside. Regulators are less enthusiastic. Global watchdogs like the Bank for International Settlements and the International Monetary Fund have described these bountiful flows into and out of BlackRock bond E. T. F.s as a liquidity illusion. Which means, according to Ken Monaghan, an investor in   corporate bonds, that    E. T. F.s have lured “tourist” investors  —   people seduced by the rich yields, but who may not be able to stomach a sustained market reversal. And if they all leave at once, watch out. “E. T. F.s do not create liquidity,” said Mr. Monaghan, of the global fund manager Amundi Smith Breeden. “These new investors are not permanent. ” Aside from Mr. Wiedman of BlackRock, the short list to succeed Mr. Fink includes Robert S. Kapito, 59, a founding partner and current president of the firm who is seen as the top choice if a handover occurs sooner rather than later. Other candidates are Rob Goldstein, the    chief operating officer and driving force behind Aladdin’s growth Mark McCombe, 50, a former HSBC executive who looks after the firm’s big clients Rich Kushel, 50, who oversees   investment strategies for clients and Gary Shedlin, 52, the chief financial officer. There is also Mark Wiseman, a new hire who joined the firm this month to oversee its equity business. It is a long list, and purposely so. For Mr. Fink, recommending a successor to his board is probably the weightiest decision he will make as BlackRock chief. He has taken pains to not tip his hand. “I want to make sure that the day after I leave, the firm is better off without me,” he said. This spring, Mr. Fink called together more than 100 of the firm’s most senior executives for two days of meetings in Barcelona, Spain. BlackRock was approaching its 30th anniversary and Mr. Fink was in a nostalgic mood. Yet there was an edge to his remarks. Yes, BlackRock was thriving because of its focus on     funds and the   wonders of Aladdin. But now was not the time to coast. “We cannot let someone brand us as a vampire squid,” warned Mr. Fink, referring to a defining article in Rolling Stone magazine that so described Goldman Sachs. Nor was this a time to sit fat and happy on a big pile of assets and let the fees roll in, an indirect slap at actively managed giants such as Franklin Templeton and Pimco, where assets under management have recently been declining. Never before, he said, had the fund management industry been so competitive and changing. “If you think you know everything about our business, you are kidding yourself,” he said. “The biggest question we have to answer is: ‘Are we developing the right leaders? ’” And then, looking out over the striving BlackRock executives gathered before him, he put it to them directly. “Are you,” he asked, “prepared to be one of those leaders?”",0
8929,"Rosie O’Donnell Donates $1,000 to ‘Brave Young Patriot’ Reality Winner","Actress Rosie O’Donnell took to social media and praised   contractor Reality Leigh Winner, who was recently arrested and charged for allegedly leaking a National Security Agency report on Russian election hacking to   news site The Intercept. [In one Twitter message, the former View   applauded the alleged leaker. “Brave young patriot,” O’Donnell wrote Wednesday in a Twitter message that linked to a GoFundMe page dedicated to raising money for Winner’s “loss of wages, counseling”:  brave young patriot  —    https:  .   —   ROSIE (@Rosie) June 7, 2017,  On Thursday, O’Donnell tweeted, “I support Reality Winner speak truth to power #resist #womenUNITE”: https:  .  support reality winner speak truth to power #resist #womenUNITE https:  .   —   ROSIE (@Rosie) June 8, 2017,  A vocal critic of President Donald Trump, O’Donnell also reportedly confirmed that she donated $1, 000 to Winner’s GoFundMe campaign. As of Saturday, more than $32, 000 from over 770 people had been raised. The    comedian also defended Winner, insisting that she was “brave” and not “careless” for allegedly leaking government documents: brave not careless @flightbomb @clb0137 @JeanetteSharon1,  —   ROSIE (@Rosie) June 9, 2017,  Winner was denied bail at a hearing in federal court Thursday and will remain behind bars as she awaits trial. Last week, filmmaker and   activist Michael Moore launched a website called TrumpiLeaks to encourage government employees and contractors to engage in the kinds of leaks in which Winner allegedly participated. “Today, I’m launching TrumpiLeaks, a site that will enable courageous whistleblowers to privately communicate with me and my team,” the Oscar winner wrote. Moore cited the historical significance of the 1778 whistleblower protection law, saying, “Patriotic Americans in government, law enforcement or the private sector with knowledge of crimes, breaches of public trust and misconduct committed by Donald J. Trump and his associates are needed to blow the whistle in the name of protecting the United States of America from tyranny. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
8930,Hillary BUSTED Holding Closed Door Meeting with Florida Elections Director in Possible Voter Fraud Scheme – TruthFeed,"Hillary BUSTED Holding Closed Door Meeting with Florida Elections Director in Possible Voter Fraud Scheme Hillary BUSTED Holding Closed Door Meeting with Florida Elections Director in Possible Voter Fraud Scheme Breaking News By TruthFeedNews October 27, 2016 
More proof of a RIGGED SYSTEM and likely voter fraud taking place right before our eyes in the critical state of Florida. There have been several reports that Broward County Election Director Brenda Snipes has met with Hillary Clinton behind closed doors and several sources of claim to be coming forward with pictures soon. 
The Conservative Treehouse reports this may be part of a bigger voter fraud scheme. 
Anyone with any political knowledge is aware the best chances for Hillary Clinton in Florida come from two specific counties, Broward and Dade. It is not coincidental that both counties continue to be the historic nucleus of multiple voting irregularities. 
This year is no different. In a recent series of events Broward County is at the epicenter of another voting malfunction. However, this one might not be a mistake, it might be by design. The essential outline of the current year concern surrounds a scheme to present double voting to benefit Hillary Clinton: 
Broward County officials intentionally screw up sending out mail-in ballots to a key demographic constituency. The correction therein then allows the same official to send a second set of ballots to the same constituency thus providing two possibly counted ballots for each voter. 
Sounds incredible. Maybe. But as incredulous as it sounds that’s exactly what’s taking place. 
The issue stems around the second page of the ballot for a ballot initiative, a specifically democrat ballot initiative, an amendment to Florida’s constitution, Amendment #2, whereby legalized marijuana is up for a vote. 
The Amendment #2 ballot initiative is the long-standing objective of John Morgan an Orlando lawyer who is the name and face behind the Morgan and Morgan law firm. 
John Morgan, lives in Orlando and is a big donor and benefactor of the Democrat party. You might remember it was John Morgan who hired former governor Charlie Crist ( Republican, then Independent, then Democrat ) after his failed Senate bid. John Morgan is also attached to the Multi-billion Pigford settlements via a partner in his law firm Greg Francis. 
John Morgan is also a key donor , financial bundler, and contributor to President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Morgan has hosted numerous high-dollar ( $30k+ per plate ) events for Obama and this year f or Hillary Clinton . 
Legalized marijuana sales in Florida, under the auspices and ruse of “medical marijuana”, has been a goal of Morgan for several years. Politically, Morgan also wants to be FL Attorney General and/or U.S Attorney General. 
By structuring a flawed ballot distribution in Broward County both Hillary Clinton and John Morgan can achieve both their objectives. A rather brilliant Win/Win. 
The scheme works by “accidentally” failing to print one of the pages in a strategic regional area guaranteed to be dominated by Clinton/Morgan supporters. It takes only a modicum of ‘ plausible deniability ‘ to provide the arms-length distance from a scheme. 
Sending out “some” or “a few” ballots with a blank page, a “flaw” per se’, then resending an entire second set of ballots (173,000) to the full area, provides multiple opportunities. 
See if you can spot how it plays out. Beginning with the small flaw: 
( Miami Herald October 20th ) The Broward County elections office, already under scrutiny for two blunders in the past few weeks, played defense once more Friday as its supervisor came under fire after mail-in ballots turned up that skipped a constitutional amendment question on medical marijuana. 
One of the organizations supporting the amendment, NORML of Florida, has asked for an emergency hearing after filing a lawsuit on what it called an error that could be “catastrophic and cataclysmic.” A Broward judge has scheduled a hearing for 10 a.m. Tuesday. 
“In reviewing and reviewing and going back looking through our ballots we found Amendment 2 on all 92 of those styles so it’s still not totally clear why this voter did not have Amendment 2,” Snipes said. She added that she believes that the faulty ballots were test samples for Oakland Park. After a city candidate dropped out, she said, her office recoded the Oakland Park ballot, leading to a creation of a new test ballot. Her office did not notice the missing marijuana question on the test ballots, which are not supposed to be sent to voters but somehow were. 
At a maximum, Snipes said, only seven of those test ballots were printed. She allowed reporters, as well as a representative from United for Care, the political committee backing the amendment, to review the 92 ballot styles Friday. 
But amendment backers were skeptical of Snipes’ explanation after it became clear that she didn’t know precisely what went wrong or exactly how many ballots lack the closely watched amendment. Broward is the most left-leaning county in the state, and amendment backers are counting on its voters for a large share of support. 
“What continues to concern me is it does not seem that the supervisor knows for certain the extent of the problem,” said Ben Pollara, campaign manager for United for Care. “They have a strongly held belief it is this very isolated incident [Snipes] described this afternoon but they don’t know for sure. Until they do I remain incredibly concerned.” ( read more including video and press conference) 
OK, so that’s the ground work for the “small flaw” in Broward County ballots . Note in the video Ms. Brenda Snipes positioning 173,000 ballots as the full distribution to be concerned with. 
Now lets look at what they finally claimed was the origin of the problem , and the solution they came up with : 
( Via Sun Sentinel october 24th ) Broward elections workers checking mail-in ballots from Oakland Park found none without the statewide medical marijuana question that had been missing from at least two ballots. 
But an early voter at the Fort Lauderdale Regional Library/Art Serv said her ballot was missing Amendment 2. 
The Broward Supervisor of Elections Office said there was no evidence of a incorrect ballot. The pages were stuck together because of humidity in the machine, said spokeswoman Tonya Edwards. 
“There was an issue with the humidity so it printed twice on one side instead of on the other,” Edwards said. “On one page it was blank and on the other page was the actual amendments.” 
Debbi Ballard, 57, of Fort Lauderdale, said she filled out her ballot and realized the amendment wasn’t there. “I checked once, twice, three times,” she said. 
“This is an irregularity and needs to be addressed,” Ballard said. She said she pointed out the error to voting staff and received a new ballot. 
Ballard said she was not satisfied with the “pages stuck together” theory and has lost confidence in Broward’s Supervisor of Elections Office. “That doesn’t explain it,” she said. “Because the layouts were completely different.” 
Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes said there wasn’t an amendment issue. “It’s a moisture issue,” she said. “So I can understand why the voter, you know, became concerned or upset, because there’s been so much about it out there in the air. It’s a moisture issue, it’s a moisture issue.” 
Last week, two voters in Oakland Park reported that the amendment had been left off their mail-in ballots. 
[…] Snipes said that voters who are missing the amendment, all of whom should be in Oakland Park, will get new ballots . Edwards said later that Snipes was aware of the early voter’s issue. ( read more ) 
Remember the concept behind the “ bathtub principle “, and how small chaos is used to cloud, mask, hide and deceive much bigger solutions (intentions)? 
And where was Hillary Clinton yesterday? Breaking: Hillary in private meeting with Brenda Snipes, Election Director of Broward County Florida. Collusion, fraud or both? #MAGA 
— Marshall Buffins (@PoliticalTropes) October 26, 2016 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
8931,FAA Investigating Harrison Ford Plane Incident at Orange County Airport,"The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating actor Harrison Ford after he flew his private plane over a jet airliner awaiting takeoff at a Southern California airport on Monday. [Air traffic controllers had instructed Ford to land on a runway at Orange County’s John Wayne Airport, but the Star Wars star landed on a parallel taxiway, narrowly missing a parked Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.  “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford asked air traffic controllers, NBC News reported. FAA spokesman Ian Gregor said Ford had received and read back air traffic control’s instruction on where to land his   Aviat Husky. “Air traffic controllers cleared the pilot of a   Aviat Husky to land on Runway 20L at John Wayne Airport Monday afternoon. The pilot correctly read back the clearance,” Gregor said in a press statement. “The pilot then landed on a taxiway that runs parallel to the runway, overflying a Boeing 737 that was holding short of the runway. The FAA is investigating this incident. ” The FAA investigation could result in a warning or the suspension of Ford’s pilot’s license. Of course, the Indiana Jones star has been the subject of several crashes and   through the years. In 2015, Ford   a vintage World War   airplane he was piloting after the engine failed. Witnesses said the actor “saved several lives” by rerouting his plane away from a suburban neighborhood and landing it on the Penmar Golf Course in Venice. Ford has been inducted by the Kiddie Hawk Air Academy as a Living Legend of Aviation.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
8932,Shots Fired in Indiana at Truck Flying ’Make America Great Again Flag’,"Indiana State Police are reporting that a truck flying a “Make America Great Again” flag was fired upon while traveling down   just outside Indianapolis. [Bullet holes were seen in a 2001 Dodge   truck Tuesday after another motorist took offense at the Donald   flag flying from its bed. The truck was also flying an American flag, police say.  Officials think that the shots were fired from another vehicle, a newer model, white,   Chevy Malibu, sporting a Louisiana license plate, according to Fox News. The driver of the truck told police that the male driver of the Malibu drove up beside him in the eastbound lane, and waved a handgun out the window at him. The driver of the Malibu then reportedly fired several shots. Fortunately, no one was injured. The driver of the Malibu is described as an   man about 23 years of age. His passenger was also a younger black man who had a sleeve tattoo on his right arm. Anyone who may have witnessed the exchange or have information about the incident should call the Indiana State Police at   . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
8933,Ben Rhodes’ ’Echo Chamber’ Aims at Gorka from Beyond the Grave - Breitbart,"Ben Rhodes, who ran foreign policy errands for President Barack Obama as Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Communications  Speechwriting, created an infamous “echo chamber” of fake news to sell the Iran deal. [Now, Rhodes is part of a new echo, repeating and retweeting   smears aimed at one of his successors, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Deputy Assistant to President Donald Trump and a key media spokesman for the White House.  Rhodes first took aim at Gorka in response to a tweet by Tommy Vietor, a former National Security Council spokesman under President Obama who infamously attempted to dismiss the Benghazi scandal by telling Fox News’ Bret Baier: “Dude, this was like two years ago. ” Vietor was, in turn, quoting a Newsweek article criticizing Gorka for criticizing a critic for criticizing his credentials. Rhodes piled on, mocking the “Breitbart credentialed Gorka” for his sensitivity. Rhodes and Vietor ought to be the last to question anyone’s credentials. Rhodes had no national security experience before being plucked from a struggling career as a fiction writer and promoted up the ladder. Vietor was literally the “dude” who drove the press van for Obama on the campaign trail. Both symbolize the callow nature and   culture of the Obama West Wing. (Rhodes still claims today that Syria gave up “all” of its chemical weapons in 2013.) Since that first swipe in February, Rhodes has joined the latest round of smears aimed at Gorka, tweeting an article from the Forward that attempted  —   and failed  —   to prove that Gorka supported an antisemitic Hungarian militia. This person works in the WH: “Gorka  …    publicly supported a violent racist and   militia” https:  .  via @jdforward,  —   Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) April 3, 2017,  (Be warned before clicking on the link to the Forward article itself: readers are hit with a popup request for donations to continue funding the smear campaign against Gorka. They are literally fundraising off this character assassination.) The   article included an old video interview in Hungarian with Gorka, with English subtitles  —   but the video was obviously spliced together. The raw video was also provided, but without subtitles. David Reboi of RedState undertook a full translation. As David P. Goldman of PJ Media noted, “the Forward’s clip edits out Gorka’s denunciation of the   parties for exploiting popular fears in order to advance their own agenda” (original emphasis). A lie good enough, as the joke goes, for government work  —   or   work, in Rhodes’s case. He tweeted later: “Picture if Gorka was a Muslim who supported an   militia and had associations with Nazi groups. Would he be in the White House?” Here Rhodes did more than repeat the false accusations in the Forward: he also took aim at Gorka’s notable criticism of radical Islam, a threat Rhodes and his former boss refused even to pronounce. The culmination of this new “echo chamber” came last weekend, with an NBC News piece that tried, and failed, to prove Gorka’s associations with Hungarian extremists but smeared him anyway, citing a fraudulent organization. And so a smear that started with a discredited report on an   blog has been promoted, via the Forward  —   which has an actual problem with antisemitism, having linked Zionists absurdly and outragously with Nazis   —   into the front ranks of the mainstream media and finally to the big network news stage, but remains essentially empty. It is the “echo chamber,” reborn  —   or, rather, undead, a sort of zombie, totally impervious to truth. Note that none of Gorka’s detractors actually question his support for Israel, or even his links with Jews, because they do not care. The echo chamber depends on a factual void, and repetition by false authorities. Just ask the man who invented it. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
8934,Dr. Duke and Andrew Anglin discuss the most important vote and election of our lives!,"Dr. Duke and Andrew Anglin discuss the most important vote and election of our lives! November 7, 2016 at 12:32 pm 
Dr. Duke and Andrew Anglin discuss the most important vote and election of our lives! 
Today Dr. Duke had Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin as his guest for the hour. They talked about the importance of the election tomorrow. They remarked that the Clinton campaign makes baseless accusations that the Russians could hack our voting machines to manipulate the election, but then insisting that Trump is beyond the pale for suggesting that the Hillary forces could possibly rig the vote. 
They also talked about New York Times columnist David Brooks admission on the PBS News Hour that as a result of globalization, immigration, and feminism, white men in America have been “displaced,”“shafted,” and “ruined,” and that their support for Trump is due to them “going with their gene pool.” Brooks, a Jewish Republican, says the one person he cannot support for President is Donald Trump. 
And now, a message from Andrew Anglin: 
Meanwhile, the media is admitting that voting machines will be hacked . 
We have to overwhelm the polls tomorrow. You must get everyone you know to vote . Call them right now. Don’t wait. Go through your phonebook on your cellphone and call up every single person you know who is not a totally liberal commie, and make sure they are going to vote. Offer to give them a ride if they need it. 
Let’s do this, people. 
Immediately following the show Dr. Duke got an mailbox full of emails saying this was the most powerful and inspiring radio broadcast they ever heard! Spread it around. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
8935,Fighting Ghost Fascists While Aiding Real Ones,"2016 presidential campaign by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
An architect of regime-change, coups, no-fly zones, rule of the rich and mass incarceration is about to become Commander-in-Chief, yet the bulk of what passes for the Left is “engaged in a 1930s-style ‘united front’ against a ‘fascism’ that was never a threat in 21 st century America.” Donald Trump, the orange menace, didn’t have a chance of becoming president. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is a 21 st century fascist and threat to life on Earth. Fighting Ghost Fascists While Aiding Real Ones by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“Trump’s anti-“free trade” stance and opposition to regime change and military confrontation with Russia and China drove most of the Republican-allied section of the ruling class straight into Hillary Clinton’s imperial Big Tent.” 
Hillary Clinton’s impending -- and totally predictable -- landslide victory on November 8 will prove only that there never was any danger of a “fascist” white nationalist takeover of the U.S. executive branch of government in 2016. That was always a red (or “orange”) herring, a phony “barbarians at the gate” threat that -- as Wikileaks documents confirmed -- John Podesta and Hillary’s other handlers fervently hoped would convey “lesser evil” status to their manifestly unpopular candidate. 
There was nothing particularly devious or out of the ordinary in the Hillary camp’s favoring Donald Trump or, alternatively, Ted Cruz. It is standard Democratic Party practice to position themselves just to the left of the Republicans. In a duopoly electoral system, victory lies in where the cake is cut. By hugging close to the GOP’s flanks, national Democratic candidates can lay claim to a “center-left” spectrum of political space that encompasses a clear majority of U.S. public opinion on most issues. By this calculus, Democrats are supposed to win, unless they are tripped up on the closely related issues of race (failure to “stand up” to the Blacks) and foreign policy (failure to “stand up” to whoever is the designated foreign enemy). 
Race is the trickiest part of the equation, since white supremacy is embedded in the American political conversation, hiding just beneath the surface of most discourse on social and economic policy. 
“His overt racism probably weakened his appeal to whites.” 
Trump thought he could win by combining an overt white racist appeal with an anti-corporate message that laid the blame on Wall Street for (white) American job losses and falling living standards. He also calculated -- correctly, it turns out -- that in the wake of the 2008 economic meltdown, many white Americans were more upset about their own economic and social status than they were angry at Russians; that they wanted regime change at home more than abroad. 
Both of Trump’s central policies backfired, dooming his campaign. His overt racism probably weakened his appeal to whites, who have given majorities to national Republicans since 1968 but whose self-image is that they are not, as individuals, racist. (Certainly, white women found further reason to reject his candidacy.) Much more spectacularly, Trump’s anti-“free trade” stance and opposition to regime change and military confrontation with Russia and China drove most of the Republican-allied section of the ruling class straight into Hillary Clinton’s imperial Big Tent. 
At the national level, the duopoly system, as we had known it, virtually ceased to exist – a fact dramatically driven home by the near-universal corporate media rejection of Donald Trump, the candidacy they had done so much to create. The near-collapse of the duopoly system was the great fracture of the 2016 election, a potential historic opening to a far wider space of progressive political struggle, including on the moribund electoral level. With the ruling class gathered in one Big Tent, and the overt racists occupying the imploded shell of the GOP, the system itself was in disarray. What was once two vibrant parties of the ruling class, with a virtual monopoly on the totality of the electorate, had become one ruling class party plus a hollowed-out husk, at least temporarily occupied by white nationalists under the leadership of a narcissistic and incoherent billionaire, yet without enough funds to mount a competitive general election campaign. 
“The near-collapse of the duopoly system was the great fracture of the 2016 election.” 
In these pages, we had been saying since last year that Donald Trump could not win; that Bernie Sanders’ fate would be sealed in the southern primaries; and that, although ruling class money would insure Clinton an election by landslide, it could not buy her legitimacy among a significant section of the Democratic “base,” who would now be pushed to the latrine area of her Big Tent. As we wrote on May 18 of this year: 
“Outsized fear of Trump is hysteria. These days, the ‘brown shirts’ wear blue. Hillary is the candidate of Wall Street, War and Austerity – not Trump, the racist America Firster. And, he can’t win, anyway – not with tens of millions of ‘moderate’ Republicans and most of the party’s funders rushing into Hillary’s welcoming embrace.” 
But sadly, hysteria does reign in most of the “left” precincts of America. Those who did not hesitate to kick Hillary when she appeared to be “down” -- in those heady days when they imagined it was possible she could lose to Sanders -- are terrified to kick her when she is “up” and primed to take the helm of the hyper-power. They are engaged in a 1930s-style “united front” against a “fascism” that was never a threat in 21 st century America, where a different kind of dictatorship of the rich (but also a fascism) has made brown-shirts (and Klansmen) utterly superfluous. These trembling leftists refuse to oppose the modern manifestation of fascism, which is now firmly entrenched in power with Hillary as its champion, in favor of a crusade against an “orange” menace that did not have a ghost of a chance of seizing national power. They have made themselves perfectly irrelevant and useless -- except, of course, to the fascists-in-charge. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
8936,A Long Way From Mexico: Company Bets China Has an Appetite for Taco Bell - The New York Times,"SHANGHAI  —   Until he was appointed manager of a Taco Bell in China, Will Cao had never seen a taco before. When confronted with its hard,   shell in Los Angeles last June, he wondered: How do you eat it? “Everything was spilling all over the place,” said Mr. Cao, a    Shanghai resident. “Then I looked at the other customers to learn that, actually, you are supposed to tilt your neck to eat it. ” Mr. Cao’s employer is betting that other Chinese diners will figure it out. Yum China, the company behind KFC there, last month opened the first Taco Bell in China in years, and says it plans to open an unspecified number more. The company is turning to   tacos and overstuffed quesadillas in hopes of regaining ground in a market where its fried chicken has shown the limits of its appeal. It won’t be easy. First, there is the matter of what’s on the menu: Mexican food. Tacos and burritos are virtually unknown in China, where many diners prize aspirational noshes from America, Japan and Europe and look skeptically at what they see as poorer fare from other developing countries. Then there is Taco Bell’s very American take on Mexican meals. Even among fans, many of its more   menu items are best considered   guilty pleasures. “It’s like a dirty thing that I love Taco Bell so much,” the actress Anna Kendrick once said on Conan O’Brien’s talk show, adding, “it has to be under cover of darkness in my car. ” For its new store in Shanghai, Taco Bell is leaving behind some of those greasy American favorites, such as taco shells made out of Doritos or fried chicken cutlets. Instead, as it once successfully did with KFC, Yum China is tailoring the menu to local tastes. It is offering basic, understandable   fare such as a crunchy taco supreme and a chicken quesadilla. Other dishes made for the Chinese market include a shrimp and avocado burrito and a spicy fried chicken dish, a meal that has broader appeal with the Chinese. And in a feature rare in America  —   perhaps for good reason  —   the China store offers Japanese beer and alcoholic slushes. Yum China is aware of the magnitude of the challenge. Micky Pant, its chief executive, says eating a taco is “a whole new way of learning. ” The company is learning its own lessons. In the 1990s, Chinese consumers flocked to KFC and other Western   chains, drawn by their clean bathrooms and    —   a novelty in China at that time. But restaurants like McDonald’s and KFC have since struggled against increasing competition from   Chinese restaurant chains and a shift toward healthier eating. While China is still a lucrative market for companies including Apple, Nike and Starbucks, other American firms are finding the going tougher than it used to be. The once seemingly insatiable appetite for all things foreign has stalled in a marketplace where domestic brands are catching up and consumers are richer, with more choices than ever. Big American   chains are now distancing themselves from their China operations. Yum Brands divested Yum China last year, while McDonald’s is selling a controlling stake in its business to a locally led investor group. That led to Yum China’s gamble on Taco Bell. Instead of Taco Bell’s American approach  —   quick, cheap, often unabashedly junky  —   the Shanghai restaurant seems intent on easing Chinese diners into ordering. The menu in China features enlarged images of foods on a lighted board and a transparent kitchen, where skeptical customers can watch their food being assembled. Yum dropped fajitas because focus groups said Chinese people did not like the “peppery type of spiciness that Westerners like,” said Jimmy Chen, senior director of Yum China’s brand development division. Chinese consumers wanted warm cheese on their tacos, not the cold grated variety offered in the United States. They asked for alcohol to be offered. The bean burrito was “controversial,” Mr. Chen said while some Chinese who had studied abroad considered it a must, others found two types of starches layered on top of one another unfamiliar. Ultimately the bean burrito was booted. Said Mr. Chen, “We just need a little more time. ” Yum has tried Taco Bell in China before. In 2003 it opened   restaurants called “Taco Bell Grande” in Shanghai, then in the southern city of Shenzhen, offering   fare like steaks and fajitas. But it pulled out five years later. “They had little Chinese girls with sombreros on them looking ridiculous,” said Joel Silverstein, president of the consultancy East West Hospitality Group and a former senior executive with PepsiCo restaurants, the onetime parent of Yum Brands. “That was a complete disaster. ” Still, Yum once seemed to have cracked the China code. Since opening its first KFC near Tiananmen Square in 1987, Yum has grown into the biggest Western   chain in the country, with more than 7, 300 stores in over 1, 100 cities, three times that of its rival McDonald’s. Part of the secret was localization: KFC offered fried dough sticks and congee for breakfast, while its sister brand Pizza Hut served pizzas topped with seafood and durian, a pungent fruit from Southeast Asia. But in recent years Yum has grappled with a series of   scandals in China. In 2012, Chinese news media reported that KFC chicken suppliers used antibiotics and growth hormones in their meat, news that hurt sales and prompted Yum to cut its number of suppliers. The company emphasized that its food was safe. Two years later, a Chinese   broadcaster reported that a meat supplier used by Yum was suspected of selling expired meat. Yum terminated the supplier, which was later fined about $3. 5 million by regulators in Shanghai. Sales growth weakened after both episodes, and by 2015 sales at stores that had been open for at least a year continued to decline. Adding to the decline: an increasingly sophisticated customer base that eschews Western fast food for other options. “The biggest challenge is making the connection with the younger generation,” said Ye Liyan, marketing director in China for Pizza Hut. In its own effort to refurbish, Pizza Hut is rolling out “concept stores” across China  —   in Shanghai, one features a robot waiter and a table with a   screen for customers to build their own pizzas. Taco Bell may be an unlikely restaurant to connect. “Chinese people have mostly admired things from Europe and the United States,” said Darcy Zhang, a food blogger based in Shanghai. “But Mexico itself is a developing country, and so many Chinese people would wonder why they would have to try Mexican food. ” Yum China formally opened the Taco Bell on Jan. 9 in Shanghai’s prime Lujiazui area, a popular tourist spot. The former basketball star Shaquille O’Neal, who made the famous “Taco Neck” commercial in 1995, participated in a   competition. On a recent Tuesday, the store was packed at lunch, with a   wait to get a table. Diners sat on chairs below surfboards suspended from ceilings. Workers in polo shirts served margaritas and draft beer. “If you didn’t tell me, I wouldn’t even know this was Mexican food,” said Zang Jing, 30, a bank clerk, adding that she thought the food was “not bad. ” Liu Xiaoyi, chief editor of a local food guide, said she believed Mexican food could take off in China because people are “willing to try new things. ” “They are willing to listen to people telling them, ‘You have to look at it from a different angle to appreciate it, it’s not the same as a Chinese meal but it’s also delicious,’” she said after photographing her burrito. Her friend, Zhu Li, disagreed. “It really does not look good when you eat it,” said Ms. Zhu, 45, an insurance agent. “It’s all over your hands and dripping on the table. It just makes me uncomfortable. ”",0
8937,Links 11/3/16,"November 3, 2016 at 7:14 am 
Hostility toward women is one of the strongest predictors of Trump support Vox (ChiGal) 
Seems rather obvious – so would “Hostility toward men is one of the strongest predictors of Hillary support”. Neither sentence makes a conclusion about what percentage of bigots in either group. 
One other thing I find odd is the chart for Romney vs. Trump. Unless I’ve missed something about Obama being a woman cross-dressing, then Romney wasn’t running against a woman, so anyone having said bias as their primary motivator for decision making would have had to look further down their decision logic tree to secondary motivators to decide which ballot lever to pull. There is very little interest in rigor in political science or social science.",0
8938,Is This What You Think They Would Look Like? Supposed Pictures of Real Extraterrestrials,"The topic of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs), alongside the extraterrestrial hypothesis being one of multiple explanations for their appearance (which seems to be quite a common phenomenon), is an area of interest for many people that’s continually growing, and for good reasons. 
Via CollectiveEvolution 

“Intelligent beings from other star systems have been and are visiting our planet Earth. They are variously referred to as Visitors, Others, Star People, Et’s, etc…They are visiting Earth now; this is not a matter of conjecture or wistful thinking. – Theodor C. Loder III, Phd, Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences, University of New Hampshire
Scroll Down For Videos Below This is in large part due to the fact that we now have hundreds of credible witnesses that have officially testified to the reality of an extraterrestrial presence, and its relation to the already disclosed UFO ‘problem.’
This is why members of government, like John Podesta, Chief of Staff for Bill Clinton, Counsellor to Barack Obama and head of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign before she dropped out, stated that “the time to pull the curtain back on this subject is long overdue. We have statements from the most credible sources, those in a position to know, about a fascinating phenomenon, the nature of which is yet to be determined.” (taken from Leslie Kean’s 2010 New York Times bestseller, UFOs: Generals, Pilots, And Government Officials Go On The Record, in which Podesta wrote the forward)
Although keep in mind, governments have been deceiving us on several different topics throughout history, it’s safe to assume that they would use “UFO disclosure” for their own personal interests in the same way they’ve used ‘false flag’ terrorism. Something to think about, but definitely a topic for another article.
As the F-4 approached a range of 25 nautical miles it lost all instrumentation and communications. When the F-4 turned away from the object and apparently was no longer a threat to it, the aircraft regained all instrumentation and communications. Another brightly lighted object came out of the original object. The second object headed straight toward the F4. ” – One example out of hundreds involving the military intercept of a UFO that was tracked on air radar, ground radar, and visually confirmed by pilots (source)
Why It’s Time To Listen To Contactees, Abductees & Experiencers/ A Psychological Standpoint Just to clarify, ‘contactees’ are usually those who have reported ‘friendly’ contact experiences with extraterrestrials, ‘abductees’ are those who have had what they perceive to be fearful experiences, and experiencers are those who neither view the experience as ‘good’ or ‘bad,” but simply just an experience. It’s important to note this, because various people have reported different types of experiences with different types of beings.
“Yes there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered … We are not alone in the universe, they have been coming here for a long time.” – Dr. Edgar Mitchell, ScD, 6th man to walk on the Moon(source) (source)
The reality is that some people who claim to have had contact with intelligent extraterrestrial beings actually have.
John Mack, A Harvard professor, psychiatrist and Pulitzer Price recipient stresses that:
“Yes, it’s both. It’s both literally, physically happening to a degree; and it’s also some kind of psychological, spiritual experience occurring and originating perhaps in another dimension. And so the phenomenon stretches us, or it asks us to stretch to open to realities that are not simply the literal physical world, but to extend to the possibility that there are other unseen realities from which our consciousness, our, if you will, learning processes over the past several hundred years have closed us off.” (source)
We published an article earlier this year regarding John Mack, and more than 60 school children witnessing non-human beings and a large craft landing. The children were interviewed by him, and it was quite a remarkable story with all of the children providing very similiar stories. Until this day these children have been speaking of it, an event occurred more than 20 years ago….
“They describe these events like a person talks about something that has happened to them. I can tell that these are people of sound mind telling me something…” (quote continued and taken from the video linked below) -Dr. John Mack, professor of psychiatry, Harvard Medical School
You can watch THIS video of Mack Interview the children, and you can read THIS article that goes more into detail on that case.
According to retired McGill University professor in the Department of Psychology (research areas beings cognition and cognitive Neuroscience), Dr. Don Donderi:
“Some of what people report as UFOs are extraterrestrial (ET) vehicles. Some of those extraterrestrial vehicles actually have ET crews, and some of those ET crews catch and release humans.” (source)
Academicians like these, and others like Richard Dolan, David M. Jacobs and more have been studying this phenomena for decades, and the reports of beings and examining why they are here, what they are doing, what they look like and more has been documented by their (and others) research.
What I find most fascinating about these stories is how many of them seem to compliment each other instead of contradicting each other, which just adds to the mystery.
As far as physical research goes:
“There are a great many photographs of such body marks, many of which are in an equilateral triangle pattern of red dots on the wrist or near the ankle. Also common are scoop marks,” in which it appears as if a small amount of tissue was removed from beneath the skin, leaving an indentation.” -Richard Dolan (taken from his book, UFOs for the 21st century mind)
Below is a clip of Dr. Roger Leir. a doctor of podiatric medicine, and arguably the best known individual with regards to extracting alleged alien implants. He has performed more than fifteen surgeries that removed sixteen separate distinct objects. These objects have been investigated by several prestigious laboratories, including Los Alamos National Laboratories, New Mexico Tech, and many others. Unfortunately, he passed away in March 2014, but his legacy lives on.
Truth is, as former NASA astronaut and Princeton Physics Professor puts it, “there is abundant evidence that we are being contacted, that civilizations have been visiting us for a vary long time.”
**The information below is a very brief summary of a few of the most commonly reported extraterrestrials based on all of the research I’ve done on this subject.
Human Looking Extraterrestrials 
Extraterrestrials with features drastically similar to human beings have reported by contactees, abductees and experiencers for a long time. This type of experience is actually quite common. Many people have reported that they’ve been taken into ships, and warned about the direction the human race is heading. They’re also often portrayed as assisting our planet in various ways, both on a physical level and an energetic one.
“Decades ago, visitors from other plants warned us about where we were headed and offered to help. But instead, we, or at least some of us, interpreted their visits as a threat, and decided to shoot first and ask questions after.” – Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defense Minister (source)
There have also been reports of human looking extraterrestrials working with humans inside of what’s known as the military industrial complex with regards to making technological advancements. This is why in the highly classified world, the black budget world, it’s probably the independent government contractors that are working in these areas.
Stories of human like extraterrestrials date from the beginning of time all the way up to the present day, and historical literature is littered with accounts of these types of encounters.
My people tell of Star People who came to us many generations ago. The Star people brought spiritual teachings and stories and maps of the cosmos and they offered these freely. They were kind, loving, and set a great example. When they left us, my people say there was a loneliness like no other.” – Richard Wagamese, Ojibway Author (source)
As far as the picture above, I am not sure if it’s real or fake, but that’s not the point. It was used to spark your imagination, it is supposedly one of the extraterrestrials that was discovered dead inside of a ship that was located on the moon – retrieved from one of the Apollo missions.

The picture to your left was released by a professor by the name of Bruno Sammaciccia. A Catholic historian with degrees in psychology and psychiatry, he was the author of more than 100 books and a well-known, distinguished figure in Italian academic circles.
He is thought to have taken this photograph of an alleged 10 foot tall extraterrestrial being in Italy in 1976.
If you read the lore, there are many stories of a mysterious group of extraterrestrials who look like humans and who established underground bases in Italy, meeting with local residents between 1956 and 1978.
Not long before his death, Sammaciccia claimed he had had direct physical contact with extraterrestrials over several decades. Dr. Roberto Pinotti, a leading Italian UFOlogist, has since confirmed his decades-long knowledge of the Sammaciccia cases. When it comes to human extraterrestrial contact in modern history, this case ranks among the most compelling, given the pictures and the number of witnesses involved.
Here is a brief summary of the Sammaciccia contact story as given by UFO researcher Dr. Michael Salla (founder of exopolitics.org):
In 1956 when Bruno Sammaciccia and two friends met with two mysterious individuals who said they were extraterrestrials. One was over 8 foot tall while the other was just over 3 foot. Sammaciccia and his friends, initially skeptical, were eventually taken into a large underground base where they saw more of the alleged extraterrestrials. They also saw their children being educated, some of the advanced technologies they used, and their space ships. Finally convinced that they were really having physical contact with extraterrestrials, Sammaciccia and his friends began to help the extraterrestrials. They began with material support by arranging for truckloads of fruit, food and other material to be transported and unloaded at an extraterrestrial base. Eventually, two truckloads of supplies were being delivered every month to bases in different regions of Italy where Sammaciccia and his assistants lived.
Sammaciccia finally described a violent conflict between two factions of extraterrestrials trying to influence humanity’s development and future. While his ‘Friendship’ faction promoted cosmic unity and ethical development, the other faction promoted technological development at all cost. This led to periodic violent clashes between the factions. Eventually, the underground bases of Sammaciccia’s extraterrestrial friends was destroyed in 1978. Survivors had to leave the Earth but promised to return at a future time when humanity was ready for a more ethical future of humanity interacting with extraterrestrials.
Sammaciccia’s astounding story sounds like an episode from Star Trek, but it is well supported by documentary evidence, some of Italy’s finest UFO researchers, and first hand witnesses of the events described. Some of the witnesses were leading statesmen, scholars and high society figures from Italy and Europe.
Below is a lecture given by one of the world’s foremost researchers of this topic, Timothy Good. He goes into detail about this supposed encounter, as well as many others.
To the left you will see a picture that was given to the world by Phil Schneider.
Phil was a very controversial figure, as was his death. He was born in 1947 and was the son of Oscar and Sally Schneider. Oscar was a Captain in the United States Navy who apparently worked in nuclear medicine and helped design the first nuclear submarines. He was also supposedly part of the famous ‘Philadelphia Experiment,’ as well as Operation Crossroads, a program to test nuclear weapons.
Oscar Schneider is the gentleman to the right of the man with the red circle around his head. Phil (man in the video below, apparently Oscars son, and Oscar appear to resemble each other quite strongly. The man with the circle around his head is the supposed extraterrestrial. The others are apparently some of the world’s top physicists from the time.

Philip claimed to be an ex-government structural engineer who was involved in building underground military bases (DUMB) around the country. We’ve actually published a couple of detailed articles about DUMBs, whose existence is not mere speculation.
Other common looks are tall, muscular with long hair, blue eyes and blond hair. The same type of figure has also been reported with black and white beings. Some reports have detailed beings with blue skin, larger eyes, as well as shorter beings, with a little more ’round’ of a head. There seems to be a large variation and a possibility of several different looking human-like extraterrestrial beings. This raises some very interesting questions regarding the origin of our species, if the humanoid form is common throughout the universe, what does that mean?
Contanctee’s commonly refer to these beings being from various star systems like Arcturus, Sirius, Andromeda and the Pleiades, just to name a few. Cat/bird like humanoid (like above) beings are also fairly common among supposed encounters.
It’s also noteworthy to mention that all types of beings seem to communicate using telepathy. The following is a selected list of downloadable peer-reviewed journal articles on psi (psychic) phenomena, most published in the 21 st century, you can click HERE Related CE Article: U.S. Defence Physicist Spills The Beans On What’s Really Happening On The Moon
The Grey Alien The grey alien is another very common type of extraterrestrial that’s been reported by several abductees, contactees and experiencers. Reports range from small, three to four feet tall beings all the way up to seven to nine foot tall beings and everything in between.
One of the most common types of experiences among several abductees is one in which they have their sperm or eggs extracted. Many have gone through what seems to be a pretty scary experience, despite the fact that multiple times people have reported the beings communicating to them and trying to calm them down, and tell the person that they weren’t going to cause any harm to them. At other times, forceful abduction goes without any communication. Many abductee’s report being impregnated, and then abducted years after to see their hybrid child. This seems to be a very common experience, and suggests that this race (Greys) are creating a human/grey hybrid race, or have been tinkering with the DNA of human beings for quite some time. Many researchers have suggested that these hybrids are already here, and that many babies being born today could have been ‘tinkered’ with. There have also been sightings of Grey like beings taking vegetation from our planet (perhaps’s to study, alien scientists?).
There have also been reports of woman being impregnated by a supposed extraterrestrial or extraterrestrial/human hybrid. Shortly after the experience the women are taken by ‘government’ agencies and the baby is removed and taken away to be studied by them. It’s not uncommon for these people who have had these experiences to get visits by these unknown people who seem to want to know more about the UFO/extraterrestrial phenomenon.
There are some reports of races like these working with certain governments (or ‘shadow governments’) in a technological exchange program. I have come across stories in my research where some groups of beings warn the human race not work with other groups of beings. These stories are endless, and quite fascinating, but I’ll save that for another article.
Reptilians 
The ‘Reptilian’ type being is one that’s been reported and depicted in various human cultures that date back thousands of years all the way up to the present day. These beings have been reported as ‘friendly,’not so friendly and in between. That’s a common theme throughout most supposed extraterrestrial species. The fact that two different beings of the same race can be reported as benevolent and the other as malevolent.
Many people seem to believe that reptilian type beings are one (out of many) working behind the scenes with those who control the government to ‘en-slave’ the human race. Some even believe that that the global elite are in large part reptilian in origin.
To be honest, it’s not that far fetched. After researching this topic in depth for almost a decade, there is no doubt in my mind that not only have governments and ‘shadow governments’ become aware of the extraterrestrial presence, but they’ve interacted with several different groups of extraterrestrials.
It’s Ok To Ask These Questions Just to re-emphasize that things like this need to be discussed more, because they are and have been discussed at the highest levels of government, in secret, for almost one hundred years. For example, this particular FBI document was addressed to “certain scientists of distinction,” to “aeronautical and military authorities,” and to “a number of public officials.”
The document is a letter that was sent to the director of FBI in Washington from the San Fransisco office, on a matter pertaining to UFOs & extraterrestrials:
“Lt. Colonel (name redacted) of G2 [G2 means army intelligence], San Francisco advised today he has no further information, and that our Seattle office is in possession of all information known by him and is handling the matter at Tacoma, Washington.”
The document goes on to provide a copy of a letter written by someone with “several university degrees” and a former “university department head.”
The memorandum also states that “the mere fact that the data herein were obtained by so-called ‘supernormal’ means is probably sufficient to insure its disregard by nearly all persons addressed.”
Key words above – the fact that they would like to “insure its disregard” by “nearly” everyone addressed.Does this mean that ‘some’ of the people addressed should not disregard it?
The letter goes on to outline and state that: (pages 21 & 22)
Part of the disks carry crews, others are under remote control. Their mission is peaceful, the visitors contemplate settling on this planet. These visitors are human-like but much larger in size. They are not excarnate Earth people, but come from their own world The disks posses some type of radiant energy. They do not come from any “planet” as we use the word, but from an etheric planet which interpenetrates with our own and is not perceptible to us. The bodies of the visitors, and the craft also, automatically materialize on entering the vibratory rate of our dense matter. They re-enter the etheric at will, and so simply disappear from our vision, without trace. The region they come from is NOT the astral plane, but corresponds to the Lakas or Talas. Students of esoteric matters will understand these terms Please keep in mind that there are probably many different types of extraterrestrials out there, and many different kinds that have interacted with humanity in some way. The above document is probably referring to one specific race? I don’t know.
This is one out of thousands of examples of documents, and it’s not even one that I would pick as most startling. We should definitely be thinking about why these documents were concealed from the public for decades, and think about what other information still lay dormant inside of the military industrial complex when it comes to extraterrestrial beings. You can see examples of documents that go into detail on what happens when the military tracks a UFO on radar HERE.
For our latest articles on the UFO/Extraterrestrial topic, you can check out the exopolitics section of our website by clicking HERE.
There is a serious possibility that we are being visited and have been visited for many years by people from outer space, from other civilizations . . . [and] it behooves us, in case some of these people in the future or now should turn hostile, to find out who they are, where they come from, and what they want. This should be the subject of rigorous scientific investigation and not the subject of ‘rubishing’ by tabloid newspapers.
– Lord Admiral Hill-Norton, Former Chief of Defence Staff, 5 Star Admiral of the Royal Navy, Chairman of the NATO Military Committee (source)
You may be thinking that this is absolutely ridiculous. I know many people read the titles of articles like this one and turn their heads and scoff, immediately shutting down the possibility that these could be actual photos of extraterrestrial beings. Why do we hold onto our views so staunchly, at the expense of logic and reason? What prevents us from considering new ideas and new ways of viewing the world? So much new information is emerging every day which challenges the current accepted framework of knowledge, and it can be difficult for our opinions to evolve as quickly as the science. Nonetheless, this is an extremely important topic, especially with the recent disclosures of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) by various governments and defence intelligence agencies, and we must work past our reluctance to accept new ideas. These objects are constantly photographed and tracked on radar, as well as visually confirmed by the pilots who are sent out to see them, and we would be foolish to discount this kind of evidence.
A photo taken by two Royal Canadian Air Force pilots on August 27th, 1957, in McCleod, Alberta, Canada is another example of such evidence. The pilots were flying in a formation of four F86 Sabre jet aircraft. One of the pilots described the phenomenon as a “bright light which was sharply defined as disk-shaped” and which looked like “a shiny silver dollar sitting horizontal.” Another pilot managed to photograph the object, as you can see above.
There are a number of studies published in reputable peer-reviewed journals analyzing these cases. This specific sighting lasted for a couple of minutes, and the case was analyzed by Dr. Bruce Maccabee, who estimated (from available data) the luminosity of the object (the power output within the spectral range of the film) to be many megawatts. The Sturrock Panel also found that a strong magnetic field surrounding the phenomenon or object was a common occurrence:
If it does indeed turn out that there is relevant physical evidence, if this evidence is carefully collected and analyzed, and if this analysis leads to the identification of several facts concerning the UFO phenomenon, then will be the time for scientists to step back and ask, what are these facts trying to tell us? If those facts are strong enough to lead to a firm conclusion, then will be the time to confront the more bizarre questions. If, for instance, it turns out that all physical evidence is consistent with a mundane interpretation of the causes of UFO reports, there will be little reason to continue to speculate about the role of extraterrestrial beings. If, on the other hand, the analysis of physical evidence turns up very strong evidence that objects related with UFO reports were manufactured outside the solar system, then one must obviously consider very seriously that the phenomenon involves not only extraterrestrial vehicles but probably also extraterrestrial beings. -Peter Sturrock, An emeritus professor of applied physics at Stanford University
",0
8939,VIDEO : Ann Coulter Gloats About Being Right While the Media and Establishment were WRONG,"Go to Article 
Other than President Elect Donald Trump himself, NOBODY deserves to gloat about Donald Trump’s epic victory more than the impeccable Ann Coulter. 
Watch the video as Ann describes what she got right and the media, establishment, pollsters and pundits got WRONG. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
8940,WikiLeaks: We’ll Work with Tech Firms to Defeat CIA Hacking - Breitbart,"PARIS (AP)  —   WikiLeaks will work with technology companies to help defend them against the Central Intelligence Agency’s hacking tools, founder Julian Assange said Thursday, an approach which sets up a potential conflict between Silicon Valley firms eager to protect their products and an agency stung by the radical transparency group’s disclosures. [In an online press conference, Assange acknowledged that some companies had asked for more details about the CIA cyberespionage toolkit whose existence he purportedly revealed in a massive leak published Tuesday.  “We have decided to work with them, to give them some exclusive access to some of the technical details we have, so that fixes can be pushed out,” Assange said. Once tech firms had patched their products, he said, he would release the full data of the hacking tools to the public. The CIA has so far declined to comment directly on the authenticity of the leak, but in a statement issued Wednesday it suggested that the release had been damaging by equipping adversaries “with tools and information to do us harm. ” Assange began his online press conference with a dig at the agency for losing control of its cyberespionage arsenal, saying that all the data had been kept in one place. “This is a historic act of devastating incompetence,” he said, adding that, “WikiLeaks discovered the material as a result of it being passed around. ” Assange said the technology was nearly impossible to keep under wraps  —   or under control. “There’s absolutely nothing to stop a random CIA officer” or even a contractor from using the technology, Assange said. “The technology is designed to be unaccountable, untraceable it’s designed to remove traces of its activity. ”",0
8942,"Anger in NATO, EU as Syria-bound Russian carrier group mulls stopover at Spanish port","RT October 26, 2016 
Top NATO & EU officials expressed anger at Spain’s permit reportedly issued to a Russian aircraft carrier group to take on fuel and supplies at Ceuta, a city with unclear political status. Spain says Russia’s warships have been mooring there “for years.” 
A barrage of harsh statements followed when Spanish media reported that Russia’s naval battle group led by aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov would make a stopover at the autonomous port of Ceuta after passing the Straits of Gibraltar on Wednesday. 
Battle Stations! Putin’s fearsome fleet locked, loaded & ready for war with Britain… or not 
Russian ships would moor in Ceuta to take on fuel and supplies under a permit issued by Spain’s Foreign Ministry, Spanish newspaper ABC reported on Tuesday, also citing Defense Minister Pedro Morenes, who said that “there was a prior authorization for this particular case.” 
Guy Verhofstadt, former Belgian prime minister and currently EU envoy for Brexit talks with the UK, expressed his outrage, calling Spain’s decision “the harassment of EU and NATO forces.” 
In a Facebook post, he said that NATO member Spain “provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose,” adding that “only last week this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in Aleppo.” 
Later in the day, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg made it clear that the bloc wants Madrid to rethink the stopover permit. A d v e r t i s e m e n t 
“We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about potential use of this battle group to increase Russia’s ability and to be a platform for airstrikes against Syria,” he said. 
“This is something I have conveyed very clearly before and I repeat those concerns today and I believe that all NATO allies are aware that this battle group can be used to conduct airstrikes against Aleppo and Syria.” 
He then downplayed the rhetoric, noting that “it’s for each nation to decide whether these ships can get supplies and be fuelled in different harbors along the route towards the eastern Mediterranean.” 
Late Tuesday night, the Spanish Foreign Ministry said it was “reviewing” the decision. “The latest stopover requests are being reviewed at the moment based on the information we are receiving from our allies and from Russian authorities,” the ministry said in a statement, quoted by Reuters. 
Earlier in the day, however, the ministry told RIA Novosti that Madrid allows Russian ships to dock in Spanish ports as “routine navigation” which effectively lies outside EU sanctions imposed on Moscow. 
In the meantime, a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry told the Telegraph the requests from the Russian Navy “are considered on case-by-case basis,” stressing that “Russian navy vessels have been making calls in Spanish ports for years.” 
Ceuta, an autonomous Spanish enclave on the tip of Africa’s northern coast, lies along the Straits of Gibraltar and borders Morocco, which also claims the territory as its own. 
Although Ceuta is part of the EU, its status within NATO is still unresolved. Since 2011, Spain has rankled the bloc by allowing 57 Russian warships to refuel at the enclave. 
The mission of the Admiral Kuznetsov carrier group has already triggered a media frenzy across Europe, with British, Norwegian, and Dutch navies sending frigates and surveillance vessels to shadow the Russian warships as they round European shores through international waters. 
Once they reach Syrian shores, the ships will provide backup for Russia’s naval standing group already deployed to the area, according to the Russian Defense Ministry. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:21 am Share this article",0
8943,"SFO, LAX Lead Nationwide Protests of Trump Executive Order - Breitbart","Thousands of demonstrators gathered at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on Saturday to protest President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily banning entry to nationals from   countries. [Though the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) helped obtain a judicial stay of the deportation of several arriving passengers, hundreds of protesters vowed to stay at SFO until those who had been detained were released.  SFO protesters are hearing that two more detainees remain in the airport. This crowd is committed to staying until every last one is out. pic. twitter.   —   Meagan Day (@meaganmday) January 29, 2017,   10, 000+ At JFK Protesting #MuslimBan  …      NYC Taxi Union On the Way  —   More Protests at EWR, Dulles, SFO, SEA, BOS, DEN, PHL, LAX pic. twitter.   —   Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) January 28, 2017,   ”Let them in.” Protesters are blocking the entrance to the International Arrivals terminal at #SFO. #MuslimBanprotest pic. twitter.   —   AJ+ (@ajplus) January 29, 2017,   #BREAKING  —   Police are blocking @CityAttorneyLA Mike Feuer from entering customs section at #LAX to speak with #MuslimBan detainees @KNX1070 pic. twitter.   —   Cooper Rummell (@KNXCooper) January 29, 2017,   The San Francisco Chronicle reported: “Among the protesters were local politicians, including Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and state Sen. Scott Wiener of San Francisco, who held a sign reading, ‘We are a sanctuary state! Let them in! ’” At LAX, seven people were still detained by immigration officials as of Saturday night, according to the Los Angeles Times, though at least one woman with a valid green card had been released. Protests were held in other cities, including Chicago and New York. Peoples mic + Elizabeth Warren = Occupy never ended pic. twitter.   —   Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) January 29, 2017,   Protester and cops in   #JFKTerminal4 #MuslimBanprotest pic. twitter.   —   Charlotte Alter (@CharlotteAlter) January 29, 2017,   The executive order, issued Friday and effective at midnight that evening, temporarily bars most visitors and immigrants from seven countries previously identified by the Obama administration as problematic  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, and Yemen  —   for 90 days. It also suspends refugee arrivals for 120 days, ends the resettlement of Syrian refugees, and sets a limit for refugees in the 2017 fiscal year at 50, 000 people. It represents a fulfillment of a key Trump campaign promise. Those initially detained at the nation’s airports included several with the legal right to reside in the U. S. apparently including some children who were U. S. citizens traveling with   parents  —   prompting criticism of the order’s implementation. At least some of those were apparently later allowed to continue into the U. S. In 2011, the Obama administration suspended the resettlement of Iraqi refugees in the U. S. after two Al Qaeda terrorists were discovered living in Kentucky as refugees. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
8944,Dem Introduces Bill to Block Trump Administration from Funding U.S. Troops in Syria,"WASHINGTON D. C.  —   Rep. Barbara Lee ( ) introduced legislation on Friday that would prevent funding for U. S. boots on the ground in Syria as the fight against the Islamic State in the city of Raqqa is intensifying, including the recent deployment of U. S. Marines and Army Rangers. [“The bill I am introducing today prohibits the Department of Defense from funding any attempt by the administration to expand our presence in Syria by putting U. S. combat boots on the ground,” Rep. Barbara Lee ( .) explained in a statement to The Hill.  “It is our constitutional duty as members of Congress to place a check on the executive branch in matters of war and peace,” Lee said. Lee was the only lawmaker who voted against the authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) in the days following the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks that killed 3, 000 people. The AUMF has given ongoing authority to the U. S. military to continue to fight radical Islamic terror around the globe in all of its incarnations, including the Islamic State in Syria. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, a retired United States Marine Corps General who served as the 11th Commander of the United States Central Command and has experience in the Middle East, Northeast Africa, and Central Asia, said during his confirmation hearing that the campaign to retake Raqqa should be accelerated. On Thursday, Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U. S. Central Command, confirmed the deployment in a hearing with the Senate Armed Services Committee, The Hill reported. “Our intention here with this  —   and this fell within the authorities that are provided to me right now  —   was to ensure that we had redundant capable fighters support on the ground to support our partners and ensure that we could take advantage of opportunities and ensure the continuing progress that we’ve been seeing,” Votel said. U. S. forces in Syria total 400 in addition to the 500 U. S. military personnel deployed during the Obama administration. Lee’s bill would bar the Pentagon from funding ground combat operations in Syria or hire a private security firm to do the same. The bill includes exceptions to “protect, rescue or remove” U. S. personnel, The Hill reported. Lee also attempted to impose these restrictions in the form of an amendment to the defense spending bill passed by the House on Wednesday, but the House Rules Committee blocked the amendment, The Hill reported.",0
8945,Virgil: The Left Whips Up a Climate of Violence -- the Prime Target Is Donald Trump,"1. Target: Trump[Is there a   “climate of violence”?  You bet there is, and it’s being whipped up by the left and the Main Stream Media, here and around the world.  And it has a clear purpose: The ultimate goal is the destruction of the Trump presidency —  and, for at least some, seemingly, the goal is the assassination of President Trump himself.   But don’t take Virgil’s word for it: Have a look at the cover of Village magazine.  That cover shows a rifle’s crosshairs superimposed on a photograph of Trump’s head.  And the headline reads, “Why not. ”  The   magazine, published in Ireland, is now basking in worldwide attention, and American social media are happy to magnify Village’s glorification of a criminal act.  Here’s that deadly image, for example, on Twitter.  As an aside, we might ask: Doesn’t Twitter have rules against “hate speech” and “incitement of violence”?  Or are they not enforced when the target is on the right? The Village article itself plays a clever editorial game.  It begins by describing Trump as “a purveyor of hatred” and then lists all his other purported sins, including the mistreatment of refugees, an overall   foreign policy, retrograde ideas on “climate change,” and opposition to abortion.  After that litany, the magazine considers the options: “So perhaps the solution is tyrannicide.  As he might say himself —  ‘take him out. ’”   Next, under the heading, “Kill Him?” the magazine proceeds to cite philosophers and theologians who have declared tyrannicide to be justifiable, from Cicero to Thomas Aquinas to Martin Luther.  And then, to rub the point in even harder, the magazine admiringly recalls the German Klaus von Stauffenberg, who nearly succeeded in killing Hitler in 1944.  The message is obvious: Trump is another Hitler, and so you, the reader, must decide for yourself what to do next.  Yet then, having raised all these issues in the most    manner possible, the magazine pulls back, sort of, at the last moment. It writes, “Shooting Trump is unnecessary and disproportionate. ”  Of course, we all know what’s going on here.  Indeed, Virgil recognizes the technique employed by Village as a variant on the ancient rhetorical device known as paralepsis —  that is, raising an idea while pretending not to raise it.  Having argued, vehemently and at length, that Trump is a   menace, the magazine then adds a few   about not harming him.  So Village hopes that it has itself covered: If any bad fate befalls Trump, its writers will say, as they barely conceal their smirks, “Gee, we didn’t want that to happen!”  Indeed, even before the Village article, the idea of killing the 45th president was out there —  bigtime.  Various  celebrities and rappers have wished death, if not murder, on Trump.  And Twitter seems to be a favored venue: The online publication Mashable reports in just the first 12 days of the Trump presidency, more than 12, 000 tweets have called for the President’s assassination.  As the story notes, this volume of threats is far beyond the capacity of the US Secret Service to investigate. Meanwhile, the incendiary attacks keep coming.  Under the header, “Beau Willimon Declares War On Donald Trump,” Deadline: Hollywood details the strenuous efforts of the House of Cards creator to bring the President down.  The  article details Willimon’s voluminous tweets, including his own   of the Declaration of Independence, which begins with the words: Perhaps one day, Twitter, and other social media, will get around to deleting these offensive, dangerous, and illegal posts.  Of course, perhaps one day, it will be too late.  Perhaps then, in the view of the   haters, it will be a case of the end justifying the means —  “mission: accomplished. ”  2.  The “Climate of Violence” —  The Left Loves It So Much, So let’s look more closely at this idea of a “climate of violence,” which is said to foster acts of actual violence.  Sometimes this inflammatory “climate” is real, and sometimes it is not real.  We’ve learned that while the political left usually says that it opposes this sort of   “climatology,” in fact, quite often, it embraces it —  even adores it.  Yes, today, the left talks a lot about “peace,” “coexistence,” and all that.  And yet, as Virgil wrote in January, when it comes to Trump, one tool of the left, the MSM, gets notably militant it becomes hormonally eager to reach for violent imagery.    So it’s in this context that we must evaluate extreme   media items, such as the   of Rosa Brooks, a former high official in the Obama administration, that what’s needed is a military coup d’etat against the Trump White House.  We can note that Brooks published this piece in a   MSM outlet, Foreign Policy, on January 30, and it’s still there.  Nobody in the MSM, at least, seems to have a problem with it.   More recently, in the same   spirit, the German magazine Der Spiegel, arguably the most influential publication in that country, unveiled a cover story showing a   Trump holding high the bloodily decapitated head of Liberty, from the Statue of Liberty.  The message to readers is clear: We must stop this madman before it’s too late.   We can note that the Spiegel cover was admiringly echoed all over the planet among the admirers was The Washington Post, which, sticking up for the American media, pointed out that The New York Daily News had presented a similar cover back in December 2015.  Meanwhile, as John Nolte has chronicled, CNN has been a serial offender: For more than a year now, it has hurled, against Trump, just about every loaded epithet imaginable.  And it’s not just Trump.  It’s also his staff that’s in the crosshairs.  For instance, on February 5, USA Today published an editorial entitled, “What Bannon shares with ISIL leader. ”  Yes, you read that right: A newspaper that claims a readership in the many millions just equated White House adviser Stephen K. Bannon and the Islamic State leader Abu Bakr  .  As the piece asserted brazenly, the two “share similar world views. ”   We might pause to note that this was an editorial, as opposed to a random opinion piece.  In other words, the words represent the collective judgment of the USA Today editorial board, whose names can be found here.  Yes, this is what they really think.  The sheer nuttiness of the editorial aside, we can observe that the piece is seemingly an open invitation to take, uh, strong action against Bannon.   So, yes, the left hates the “climate of violence” —  except when it loves it.   And there’s a long history: Perhaps the most cynical use of the “climate” trope has been the way that the left has twisted the cultural and historical memory of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in 1963.    That tragic incident, of course, occurred in Dallas then, and now, North Texas has been a conservative area.  And so for more than    it’s been an MSM cliche —  boosted by prominent historians, such as Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. —  that a local “climate of hate” was somehow responsible for JFK’s death.  Even today, after it’s been established beyond doubt that the assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald, was a   communist, the “climate of hate” meme still persists in the MSM.  In other words, it’s the fault of Dallas, and the right, that Kennedy was murdered.  Similarly, after the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, the   immediately heaped the blame on “  media. ”  And this drumbeat has continued, even after it was learned that the shooter, Jared Lee Loughner, was sexually obsessed with Giffords and was listening to nothing but the voices in his head.  More recently still, in 2016, we were reminded that the left never objects to a climate of violence —  if it’s for a “good cause. ”  Thanks to the efforts of James O’Keefe and others, it’s easy to find abundant,      evidence that the Clinton campaign, or at least its close allies, deliberately sent provocateurs to Trump rallies to cause trouble —  trouble which then could then be blamed on Trump.  In the summarizing words of Breitbart’s Joel Pollak: Clinton’s defenders might claim she did not know anything about the tactics being used, but that defense does not suffice.  The consultants who carried out the tactic, centered around Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners organization, told O’Keefe’s undercover investigators that they had set up a “ ” system so that Clinton would not have to know directly about any particular action being taken on her behalf, but Creamer appeared to admit on video that Clinton had general knowledge about their activities. Needless to say, state and local authorities have been completely uninterested in pursuing any of these seemingly    cases of conspiracy and incitement.  And the beat goes on.  In DC on January 21, the   Madonna, speaking to a large crowd of angry feminist protesters, mused about “blowing up the White House. ”  And she has continued to defend her remarks, which could reasonably be construed as incitement to violence, even murder.  (One can only imagine what would have happened if a conservative had said that.)  And yet of course, Madonna will face no economic or legal consequences indeed, Hollywood will probably find a way to give her some new award or endorsement gig.   In the meantime, out west, Milo Yiannopoulos has also been the object of a “climate of violence. ”  And yet for their part, pressies have oscillated between yawning and cheering.  A man was shot and critically wounded in Seattle, and still, the MSM didn’t much care, because, after all, the man seems to have been a Milo supporter.  And just a few days ago, at the University of California’s Berkeley campus, rioters shut down a Milo appearance.  As Milo said afterward, the rioting “tells you something very, very clear about the left’s commitment to free expression. ”   It’s worth recalling that back in 1964, Berkeley was the hub of what was grandiosely dubbed, by students, as the “Free Speech Movement. ”  Now, 53 years later, the   guardians of the First Amendment have had no interest in upholding Milo’s constitutional right to free speech.  In fact, some on the left have gone the complete opposite way: toward   ideological  .  One such is UC Berkeley’s Robert Reich, the former Clinton cabinet secretary Reich went on TV to accuse the right —  and specifically, Breitbart —  of causing the violence, as a provocation against the left.   In other words, the whole fracas was Milo’s fault.  Talk about blaming the victim!  Reich’s brand of fantastic projection was too much for Rush Limbaugh, who asked of his   audience:   Do you know any   capable of this kind of behavior?  I mean, go to Ferguson, go to Baltimore, go to San Bernardino, go to Watts.  Take any protest, any violence.  Go to Oakland any time you want.  Any time there is violent protests, it’s always   bought and paid for by the Hillary campaign, the Democrat Party, or George Soros, and never once have the Democrats ever condemned them, ’cause they’re proud of them. Yes, that is correct:   Democrats have never condemned the violent hooligans doing their dirty work, for one simple reason —  they’re proud of them.  And even now, Reich continues to unapologetically —  make that, eagerly —  spew his crackpot conspiratorializing.  Obviously Reich is a devotee of the Big Lie: that is, a falsehood, repeated often enough, equals truth.  So never mind the fact that we have since learned that it was the   protesters who were on someone’s payroll —  George Soros’ payroll.  (We might also observe, not that any of the local authorities seem to have noticed, that the fomenting —  and financing —  of violence is a crime.) As Milo told Fox News’ Tucker Carlson, the left’s game plan is to claim that its opponents are nothing but racists, sexists, white nationalists,   and homophobes.  And to make these charges, the left doesn’t need any evidence, only the accusations.  Once again, that’s the Big Lie technique.  And yet such   slandering is just fine with the MSM, which then goes to work amplifying the accusations, thus amping up, yes, the “culture of violence. ”  As Milo said: The media has created this environment in which it’s okay to say almost anything about somebody who is right of Jane Fonda.   …     And it’s a way of legitimizing, in some cases, as happened last night, violent responses. And we might add, beyond Milo, Breitbart itself is increasingly the target.  Virgil might add that the tactics being used are straight out of Saul Alinsky’s Rules for Radicals.  All of Alinsky’s “rules” are being practiced today, but we can focus on Rule #11: “Pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it. ” Breitbart is tough we’re used to fights and fighting.  This wasn’t a fight we began, but it is a fight we seek to win.  And yet everyone on the   right ought to see the current situation clearly: The hard left has plenty of resources, and no scruples about deploying those resources.  And so Breitbart is just one of many targets.  And of course, if the left can attack us, well, Soros  Co. won’t stop there.  They’ll be coming for you next.  So that’s the real context of the vast “climate of violence” conjured up by the left. It’s all part of a master plan —  a plan for mastery.  That is, smash the enemy, and then rearrange the pieces into a new   order.  Yet in the meantime, we must remember the main target: President Trump.  And so we can can step back and observe, with grim certainty, the dream scenario of some on the other side:  A weird and bloody kind of   glory awaits the person who takes to heart the message of that cover story in Village.",0
8946,Watching Paralyzed Musicians Play Music With Their Minds Is The Therapy You Need Today,"Imagine losing one of your senses: sight, touch, taste, etc… It’d be quite difficult, yes? Now, imagine losing the ability to use your senses, despite still retaining them. It might be agreed that... ",0
8947,Comment on Trump’s Walk of Fame Star Vandalized by MeThePeople,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by DCG | 14 Comments 
Liberals are such tolerant folk. 
My car was keyed three times when I had an anti-Obama bumper sticker on it. My car was never keyed before I had that sticker and never again after I removed it. What a coincidence… 
From CNN : Los Angeles police are looking for the man who destroyed Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star with a sledgehammer and a pick ax. Police tweeted Wednesday that they’re seeking the public’s help in identifying the vandalism suspect. 
The man identified himself as James Otis, an heir to the Otis family’s elevator fortune , in an interview with CNN on the Walk of Fame Wednesday morning. He said he was doing it to help the 11 women who have accused Trump of sexually assaulting them, and other victims who he said could come forward in the future. 
“I had four or five family members sexually assaulted, and I’m terribly upset that we have a presidential nominee who’s become sort of a poster child of sexual violence,” Otis said. 
CNN has reached out to the Trump campaign for comment and not yet gotten a response. 
Otis managed to remove the gold emblem from the middle of the star and damage the star itself and the area around it. The shape of the star was still recognizable after Otis had vandalized it. 
Leron Gubler, President/CEO of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, said work to repair the star will happen immediately but the star is expected to remain covered for several days. 
Gubler said the Chamber is working with the police and intends to prosecute to the full extent of the law. “ When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California State landmark,” Gubler said. 
Otis said he plans to sell parts of Trump’s star and donate the proceeds “to the women who have been sexually assaulted by Mr. Trump.” 
“I know I can sell it. I think I can get over $1 million for this star, to be distributed to these women and many others that will be going forward,” he said. 
Otis noted he previously auctioned off personal items belonging to Mahatma Gandhi, saying he “donated all the money to countries that were fighting dictatorships with non-violent strategies.” That 2009 auction of Ghandi’s possessions attracted news coverage at the time, including by CNN , and Gandhi’s items were sold for $1.8 million. 
Otis said he knows he might be arrested — though he doesn’t want that to happen. 
DCG",0
8948,"Ladies and Gentlemen, Mr. Broadway – Nathan Lane! - The New York Times","Nathan Lane knows how to make an entrance, and this is not just a cliché but an understatement. Bursting forth variously over the years in pinstriped suit, in Roman tunic, or in Barbara Bush jumbo faux pearls and softly curled wig, he has earned perhaps the best perk of Broadway stardom: a welcoming round of applause from Jane and John Q. Public. So what was he doing on a recent Monday night, arriving on stage as a disembodied voice coming out of an   telephone? (One you actually talk on.) Mr. Lane plays the cynical, cantankerous editor Walter Burns in a new revival of Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur’s voluble 1928 newspaper comedy, “The Front Page,” at the Broadhurst Theater on West 44th Street. That he doesn’t appear in the flesh until the bottom of the second act, in a production that   the Johns Slattery and Goodman and runs almost three hours, frankly delights him. “I’m jumping on a speeding train  —   they all have a head start,” Mr. Lane said not long before curtain on a recent Monday, sitting in a back room of Joe Allen, the Midtown restaurant beloved by the theater crowd. He seemed to be hiding behind the stiff mustache he grew for the part. “I mean, it’s a great character. And he sort of takes over the play till the end, the big Shakespearean finale, when things resolve and everything pays off in a wonderful way. ” At 60, Mr. Lane is enjoying a sense of resolution and payoff. He has been married for almost a year to Devlin Elliott, a playwright and producer he dated for almost two decades. “Married life is great,” he said, after ordering some mineral water and vegetable soup. “Nothing major, nothing dramatic. It’s a very subtle change. ” The ceremony took place at City Hall, with the comedian Mike Birbiglia and his wife, Jen Stein, another producer, as witnesses. “I had thought, ‘O. K. we’ll do this, and we’ll go have lunch,’” Mr. Lane said. “And then I started to say those words that you’ve heard in a thousand movies, and Devlin was fine, and I could barely get the words out. I got very, very emotional. It really got me. ” Like many actors  —   heck, like many people  —   Mr. Lane had a difficult childhood, with his father, a truck driver, drinking and dying young and his mother suffering a mental breakdown. He was born Joseph Lane and chose his name from the “Guys and Dolls” character Nathan Detroit, whom he ended up playing on Broadway in the musical’s acclaimed 1992 revival. Growing up in Jersey City, N. J. he had two nurturing older bothers and found solace in farce (the first Broadway show he saw was Peter Shaffer’s “Black Comedy,” with Michael Crawford and Geraldine Page) and the past. “You know, when I was young, I was fascinated by the Algonquin Round Table, by all those witty alcoholics,” he said, with a rueful laugh. “With all their personal problems, and yet they’re all writers, they’re all incredibly complicated. ” Unable to afford college despite a scholarship, Mr. Lane moved to New York in the fall of 1977, when the city was just turning itself around from the Ford to City: Drop Dead  years. He did summer stock and commercials, “thousands of them. ” He delivered singing telegrams, including one to an Italian wedding. “You know you’ve hit a new low when accordion players are heckling you,” Mr. Lane said. But the guests asked him to stay, and laughed uproariously at his jokes. “They threw money,” he said, with faint wonderment still. “Dollar bills. ” Following in the tradition of Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and the   Clark and McCullough, Mr. Lane formed a   duo with a friend named Patrick Stack. Stack and Lane went to Los Angeles, played the Comedy Store, opened for rock bands. “As an actor, you’re dependent on people casting you, and in this case we had a product,” Mr. Lane said, slurping some soup. The act broke up after he got a job on the sitcom “One of the Boys,” with Mickey Rooney, a yet undiscovered Dana Carvey, and Meg Ryan in a recurring part. After the show flopped, Mr. Lane got his big Broadway break, with George C. Scott in a revival of Noël Coward’s “Present Laughter. ” He played “an aspiring young provincial playwright fond of leaping onto couches and giggling loonily,” as Frank Rich put it in The New York Times, adding that he “alternately hits and overshoots his broad mark. ” Critics! Mr. Lane spoke with nostalgia of an era when “there was sort of a friendlier vibe” between these creatures and playwrights, exemplified by the venerable Elliott Norton of Boston encouraging Neil Simon to add the Pigeon Sisters to the last act of “The Odd Couple. ” And of the old days when a company could tinker with a show out of town, as Mr. Lane himself did with Mr. Simon and “Laughter on the 23rd Floor,” before John and Jane Q. could record damning snippets and post them on the internet. Mr. Lane, who also reprised the role of Oscar Madison with his   in “The Producers,” Matthew Broderick, has written the introduction to a forthcoming new edition of Mr. Simon’s memoirs. “His editor said, ‘You know, if you ever want to write your’  —   ha, ha  —   ‘memoir,’” he said. “Well, no. I’m not doing that. ” His work as an author has been limited to his collaborations with his husband, Mr. Elliott, on a children’s book series, “Naughty Mabel,” about the insouciant French bulldog with whom they share an apartment in TriBeCa and a house in East Hampton, N. Y. Perhaps disappointingly for those who relish Mr. Lane’s dexterity with a   there is no script of his own languishing in a drawer. “I mean, I like making contributions, I’m a great   man,” he said, twirling an imaginary cigar. “But it’s hard. They don’t like you to change job titles. ” (As evinced, perhaps, by the cool reception he received for his version of Stephen Sondheim and Burt Shevelove’s adaptation of Aristophanes’s “The Frogs. ”) “I would lean more toward directing. Everyone keeps saying I have to direct something because I’ve got a lot of opinions. ” Reached on the phone later, Jack O’Brien, the actual director of “The Front Page,” said he and Mr. Lane had been working to spit ‘n’ polish parts of the dense script. “It’s a matter of keeping 25 plates in the air,” Mr. O’Brien said, noting that Mr. Lane, long renowned for making them laugh, has been of late going for roles like Theodore (Hickey) Hickman in Eugene O’Neill’s “The Iceman Cometh” and, soon, another aficionado of the phone: Roy Cohn in a London production of Tony Kushner’s “Angels in America. ” “He’s not just being an entertainer,” Mr. O’Brien said. “These are Alps. These are mountains that actors with real ambition and real talent must scale. And he’s taking himself seriously and doing it. ” Although “The Front Page” is funny, preview audiences have been gasping at some of its speeches and, once Mr. Lane walks on stage, his tough love of Mr. Slattery, who plays the reporter protégé, Hildy Johnson. After various makeovers over the years  —   Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell in “His Girl Friday” Burt Reynolds and Kathleen Turner in “Switching Channels”  —   Hecht and MacArthur’s work, about the framing of a white convict who killed a black policeman, has been fully restored to its naughty,   glory. “There’s never been a more politically incorrect play,” Mr. O’Brien said. “It’s misogynistic. It’s everything. And appallingly isn’t very different from our own time. ” It was “the play that uncorseted the American theater with its earthy,   vitality” according to Tennessee Williams. “Because it was considered so profane and vulgar on a certain level,” Mr. Lane said at Joe Allen. “They don’t write ‘em like this anymore. People will go, ‘Oh, Jesus, no one would produce this.’ Even though it’s one set, so many things happen, people crashing through windows. ” The man who agreed to bring it back was Scott Rudin, whom Mr. Lane called “a throwback to those guys,” like the original producer of “The Front Page,” the Machiavellian but brilliant Jed Harris. He was shivering a little in his woolen cardigan. “Is it suddenly cold in here?” he asked. “It really does feel like the early bird special. ” Mr. Lane called to a waitress. “Is it possible to turn down the air?” On the restaurant’s brick wall of failure, the framed posters of infamous Broadway flops include one of Mr. Lane’s early musical vehicles, “The Wind in the Willows,” in which he played Toad of Toad Hall. The tagline: “Hear It With Your Heart. ” “I used to say, ‘Hear it with your heart, because you won’t believe your ears,” Mr. Lane said. Though now invited to lecture students, he is not mentoring anyone in particular. “I don’t do that anymore,” he said. “I’m married now. Ha, ha, ha,” he added, all but twirling his mustache. “I’d like to mentor Ryan Gosling, if he has the time. ” Did he ever have a moment when he thought he’d quit the profession? “Saturday!” he said. “Who doesn’t have dark moments?” It was time to exit, and as he walked onto the sidewalk toward the theater, he seemed to shrink ever so slightly. “Oh, God, it’s Monday. ” Mr. Lane said, standing in front of the stage door, just another salaryman. “Mondays can be shaky. ”",0
8949,"Waters: I Believe Trump ’Colluded With the Russians,’ I Haven’t Seen Any Evidence to Back That Up - Breitbart","While speaking with the Washington Post’s “Cape Up” podcast, Representative Maxine Waters ( ) stated, “I believe that this president has colluded with the Russians,” and vowed to “keep working until he’s impeached. ” Later in the interview, she admitted that she hasn’t seen any evidence to back up the collusion charge.  Waters said, [relevant remarks begin around 4:00] “I believe that this president has colluded with the Russians, with the Kremlin, with the oligarchs —  perhaps —  of Russia to undermine our election system, and thus undermine our democracy. I do realize that you can’t just speculate about this. You’ve got to connect the dots. You’ve got to get the facts. ” She added that she would “keep working until he’s impeached. ” Later on, [relevant exchange begins around 19:15] Waters repeated her charge, saying, “I think that he absolutely colluded. ” Host Jonathan Capehart then asked Waters if she had seen anything to back any of the accusations she’s made up. Waters pointed to intelligence agencies’ documentation that Russia was behind the hacks of the DNC. Capehart followed up by asking Waters if she had seen evidence to back up the collusion charges. Waters answered, “No, we have not. And that’s why investigations are so important, to drill down and to connect those dots and to get the facts. What we have is a lot of smoke, that causes us to want to know more about what has happened. Why is it there are so many people around him [who] are connected to oil? Why is it that Michael Flynn, who, evidently has a great relationship with Putin, who has received payments for   speeches, and who’s spent a lot of time in Russia, and was accused of talking about sanctions, he lied about it and he got caught?” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
8950,US Expects Philippines to Honor Alliance Commitments Despite Harsh Rhetoric,"Get short URL 0 6 0 0 US Department of State spokeswoman Julia Mason said that Washington is fully confident that bilateral relations with Philippines remain strong, including in trade, investment and remittances. © AFP 2016/ THOMAS PETER Philippines Understands China, Not US Its 'Real Friend' WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States expects the current government of the Philippines to continue fulfilling the country’s obligations under a military alliance with Washington, Department of State spokeswoman Julia Mason told Sputnik on Wednesday. “US forces have been providing support and assistance in the southern Philippines for many years, at the request of several different Philippine administrations,” Mason said. “We will continue to honor our alliance commitments, and we expect the Philippines to do the same. We will work closely with the government of the Philippines to address any concerns they may have.” 
She emphasized that the countries’ military-to-military relationship remains robust and multifaceted, including joint work on matters of national security as well as responses to natural disasters and other crises. 
The State Department spokeswoman’s remarks follow statements by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte earlier Wednesday that all foreign military forces would be withdrawn from his country within two years. “We’ve seen a lot of this sort of troubling rhetoric recently, and this is not a positive trend,” Mason said. “This recent string of comments does not reflect the warmth, breadth and depth of the US-Philippines partnership.” © REUTERS/ Ng Han Guan/Pool Philippines Turning Away From 'Unilateral Ties' With US to 'Diversified Contacts' With China, Russia Mason stressed that Washington is fully confident that bilateral relations remain strong, including in trade, investment and remittances. “As we have stated, we continue to focus on our broad relationship with the Philippines and will work together in the many areas of mutual interest to improve the livelihoods of the Philippine people and uphold our shared democratic values,” she explained. 
Duterte made his statement during a three-day visit to Japan, Mason noted. “We welcome the Philippines having strong, productive relationships with other neighbors in the Asia-Pacific region,” she said. “This is not a zero-sum game; we don’t think that the Philippines, or indeed any country, should choose between good relations with the US and with another partner.” 
Duterte recently said it was time for Manila to ""say goodbye"" to the United States’ long use of Philippine land for military bases, and on a visit to Beijing he announced his country was separating from the United States in order to realign with China. ...",0
8951,GOP Rep Sanford: Trump ‘Partially to Blame’ for Environment That Led to Alexandria Shooting - Breitbart,"Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep. Mark Sanford ( ) weighed in on Wednesday’s shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA that resulted in Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) in critical condition at a hospital in Washington, DC.  Sanford said we were “at an inflection point” and we needed to return to civility, or wind up in a “very, very bad spot. ” “Indeed, we’re at an inflection point,” Sanford said. “There are forces at play I’ve never seen before in roughly the 20 years I’ve been involved in politics. Joe and I came in together way back when. And it is indeed different. I think we have to watch out as a society because if we don’t watch out, civility is indeed a part of civilized government and an open political system. And if you let these forces play out, I think we end up at a very, very bad spot. I think what happened yesterday was symptomatic of it. ” He went on to blame President Donald Trump in part for the toxic climate that led to this shooting. “[I] would argue that the president is at least in partially  —   not in any way totally  —   but partially to blame for demons that have been unleashed, whether it is what I saw at a senior center back home and people saying, ‘    and  ’ to each other at a senior center, a retirement center and see each other play croquet the next day, or with what happened  —   not with what happened yesterday, but the fact that you know, you’ve got the top guy saying, ‘Well, I wish I could hit you in the face. And if not, why don’t you and I’ll pay your legal fees.’ That’s bizarre  —   we ought to call it as such. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
8952,Gingrich Says Biggest Fear About Trump Administration Is That They Might ’Lose Their Nerve’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing his concerns over what will happen once   Donald Trump is in office, former Speaker Newt Gingrich expressed his concern that the administration “will lose their nerve. ”  When asked what he fears the most during the Trump presidency Gingrich said,”That they will lose their nerve. I mean, look, they’re going to arrive in Washington and for them to be successful, they have to stake out positions that Donna will not like and the left will hate. My deepest concern is that they’re going to arrive, you’re going to have the greens going crazy over at EPA and Interior. You’re going to have the government employees going crazy about civil service reform. You’re going to have the teachers union going crazy over school choice. And these are pretty nonnegotiable. I mean, if you’re serious about school choice, there is no agreement with the teachers union. ” He added, “I’m worried when they realize how big the problem is that they decide that they’re just going to do the best they can and give in. ” (  ABC News) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8953,Rep. Dave Brat on Trump’s Anti-House Freedom Caucus Tweets: ’I Don’t Know Who Has His Ear’ - Breitbart,"Virginia Republican Rep. Dave Brat told reporters in a hallway just off the House floor that he is confused by President Donald Trump’s tweets attacking the House Freedom Caucus for hindering the president’s agenda —  specifically the American Health Care Act, or Ryancare. [“I don’t know who has his ear,” said Brat, who is a member of the House Freedom Caucus and was part of the HFC team negotiating with the White House and the House Republican leadership to amend the Ryancare bill.  “I don’t think he is hearing that we are trying to serve him a victory —  right? —  Right now, this bill is at 17 percent in the polls, and that’s not a winner. ” The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team,  fast. We must fight them,  Dems, in 2018!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017,  Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) pulled the bill from the House floor Friday minutes before it was sure to be defeated. The Ryancare bill is a modification of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that created Obamacare. Although it was pulled from the floor, it is still active legislation and subject to manager’s amendments from the chairmen of the Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, and Budget committees, as well as changes made by the House Rules Committee, which reports the bill to the House floor with its final language. Brat said the key to fixing the American Health Care Act is to correct Obamacare provisions that drove up premiums, but in the current language in the Ryancare bill, premiums would still go up 10 percent or 15 percent. “Right now, no young person can go out and buy a cheap insurance policy —  by law,” he said. “The federal regulations and mandates prevent you from shopping across state lines, which President Trump campaigned on. ” The president campaigned all over the country and told every arena audience that he would repeal Obamacare. Brat said the House Freedom Caucus is staying true to the president’s campaign promises, which were not reflected in the Ryancare bill. See my statement on the American Health Care Act #AHCA https:  .   —   Rep. Dave Brat (@RepDaveBrat) March 25, 2017,  Another problem with the speaker’s bill was that it was rushed through in a process that took only three weeks from Ryan releasing the text of the bill to what would have been a vote on the House floor. “If you have a good process, it will result in a good policy and then, that’s good politics,” he said.",0
8954,"Saudi Arabia Re-Elected, Russia Loses UN Human Rights Council Place","  Carol Adl in News , World // 0 Comments 
Russia has failed to win re-election to the United Nations Human Rights Council. 
President Putin was beaten by Hungary and Croatia in a vote by the 193-member U.N. General Assembly on Friday. 
For the first time since its inception in 2006, Russia will not be a member of the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) after being narrowly beaten by Croatia in a vote. 
More than 80 human rights and aid organizations had urged UN member-states to vote Russia off the council because of its military support to President Bashar al-Assad during the crisis in Syria. 
Saudi Arabia on the other hand was successfully re-elected despite criticism from human rights organizations. 
RT reports: 
Saudi Arabia sailed through the Asian ballot with 152 votes, and will represent the region on the UNHRC alongside China, Japan and Iraq for the next three years. 
South Africa, Rwanda, Egypt and Tunisia were chosen from the African group, Cuba and Brazil from Latin America and the Caribbean, and the US and the UK will represent the Western bloc, which comprises Western Europe and North America. 
Over the next term, which will last between 2017 and 2019, the 14 chosen members will be tasked with formulating the UN’s official position on conflicts occurring around the world, as well as the domestic policies of member states. 
The elections took place against a backdrop of criticism from non-governmental human rights organizations, who say that the body has been hijacked by oppressive regimes looking to deflect criticism and drive their own agendas. 
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International produced a joint statement earlier this year condemning Riyadh for “an appalling record of violations” in Yemen, where it has conducted a bombing campaign against Houthi rebels since 2015, which has resulted in the deaths of up to 4,000 civilians. The two organizations called for Saudi Arabia, a member of the UNHRC since it was created in 2006, to be suspended – to no avail. 
Saudi Arabia used its power in the council to block an outside inquiry into the campaign last month, while leading a successful resolution that placed the responsibility of investigating human rights abuses in the hands of its allies, the exiled Yemeni government. 
Saudi Arabia carried out 157 executions domestically last year – the highest number in two decades, and is on pace to match the number this year. Critics of the regime have often faced detention, while women do not enjoy autonomy and equal status before the law.",0
8955,’Great Wall’ Star Matt Damon: ’I’m Not a Believer in Walls’,"Matt Damon says the Mexican government is not going to pay for the wall along the country’s border with the United States, one of President Donald Trump’s major campaign promises. [“I’m not a believer in walls,” Damon said in a recent interview with People to promote his upcoming movie, The Great Wall, a     film that presents an alternate history of The Great Wall of China as providing protection from   creatures and other monsters.  “I believe that history belongs to the cooperators and nor am I of a mind that Mexico is going to pay for our infrastructure anymore than we’re going to pay for their highways, you know what I mean?” he added. “That’s just not going to happen but, that’s where we are and we’ll see how it all plays out. ” Building a border wall and making Mexico pay for it was one of Trump’s first campaign promises. The president took to Twitter on January 26 and said if Mexico refuses to pay for the wall then “it would be better to cancel an upcoming meeting” with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto. Damon says he hopes the people of Mexico know that most Americans don’t support building a security wall on the U. S.  border. “We’ve got to watch, but hopefully the people of Mexico understand that the people of our country, the majority of them don’t believe that we should be putting any walls up. ” However, most Americans support Trump’s plan to build a border wall, according to a recent Rasmussen poll. The Great Wall opens in theaters February 17.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
8956,"Moms Demand Pushes #DisarmHate For Orlando Pulse, but Everyone in Pulse Was Disarmed - Breitbart","For the   anniversary of the heinous attack on Orlando Pulse nightclub, Moms Demand Action is pushing a #DisarmHate campaign. In so doing, they fail to note that everyone in Pulse was disarmed it was a   zone. [This is one of the inconvenient truths the gun control movement does not acknowledge because it is hard to push gun control on the back of a heinous attack if Americans are given all the information. And all the information includes the fact that Orlando Pulse had a ban on guns, period. t was actually an illustration of the failure of gun bans, rather than justification for implementing them.  It was actually an illustration of the failure of gun bans, rather than justification for implementing them. Consider so many of the other horrific criminal   terrorist attacks that gun control proponents use in hopes of pushing their agenda: the Virginia Tech University (April 16, 2007) the Aurora movie theater (July 20, 2012) Sandy Hook Elementary (December 14, 2012) the DC Navy Yard (September 16, 2013) Fort Hood (April 2, 2014) Umpqua Community College (October 1, 2015) San Bernardino (December 2, 2015) UCLA   (June 1, 2016) and Orlando Pulse (June 12, 2016) to name a few. And what do all of these horrific events have in common? The common thread in all is that they occurred in   zones. But as it turns out,   zones do not #DisarmHate. Instead, they actually give vent to it.   zones give hate a place it can be unleashed because the attacker does not have to worry about facing an armed response. Regardless of these facts, Moms Demand Action has spent the day tweeting and retweeting people who have used the hashtag #DisarmHate or who are attending #DisarmHate marches and rallies. Their tweet of 13 attendees at a Washington state rally exemplifies what they are tweeting: Seattle and Tacoma @MomsDemand represent at Seattle Pride! #DisarmHate pic. twitter.   —   NW Mama (@PhdTeresa) June 11, 2017,  The cold hard truth is that the people in Orlando Pulse were disarmed, so they had no way to fight back. Following the horrific Orlando Pulse attack, Gwendolyn Patton, spokesperson for the LGBT gun rights group Pink Pistols, warned people not to be fooled into blaming guns for the attack. Patton stressed: Let us not reach for the   fruit of blaming the killer’s guns. Let us stay focused on the fact that someone hated gay people so much they were ready to kill or injure so many. A human being did this. The human being’s tools are unimportant when compared to the bleakness of that person’s soul. Patton also pointed out that one of the viable responses to the attack is to keep a gun close for   not to disarm. In fact, less than a month before the attack on   Orlando Pulse, the Pink Pistols announced, “We teach queers to shoot. Then we teach others that we have done so. Armed queers don’t get bashed. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
8957,WWN’s Horoscopes,"aries 21 March – 20 April 
Look at that stupid baby, smiling. Yeah get a job and a mortgage and tell us how much you smile then, kid. taurus 21 April – 21 May 
You wait around after the credits of Schindler’s List, but there’s nothing. No gag, nothing setting up the next movie, nada. gemini May 21 – June 20 
You put Humpty Dumpty back together again. it wasn’t such a big deal. You wonder what sort of morons the King’s men were. cancer 
Just like your iPhone charger, you work if held at just the right angle. leo July 23 – August 22 
Leo, like Leo DiCaprio. Without the money, talent, fame, and beautiful girls. And indeed anything else, the similarities more or less end with Leo. virgo August 23 – September 22 
You discover you are too big for your big coat. Wow, you really enjoyed this year, didn’t you? Fair play. libra September 23 – October 22 
You shouldn’t have yelled so loud at that guard but it just felt s good. scorpio October 23 – November 21 
You’ve a load of bangers left over from Halloween. Like what the fuck are you supposed to do with them now? sagittarius November 22 – December 21 
You suffer a sick burn, but luckily you get rushed to the sick burns unit on time. capricorn 
5 retweets, wow, we’ll book your place on The Ellen Show right now. aquarius January 20 – February 18 
You agree to bake as many gay wedding cakes as people want. Shit, at 400 quid a pop, you’ll bake a Hitler cake. pisces February 19 – March 20",0
8958,‘Conspiracy Theorists’ Believe They’ve Found Justice Scalia’s MURDER Plot,"‘Conspiracy Theorists’ Believe They’ve Found Justice Scalia’s MURDER Plot Posted on October 27, 2016 by Dawn Parabellum in Politics Share This 
It’s troubling to uncover the dirty secrets in the emails leaked from John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, and it just keeps getting worse. Since the mainstream media refuses to do it, many “conspiracy theorists” are investigating for themselves, and internet sleuths believe they’ve uncovered the murder plot of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Unsurprisingly, the Clintons may have even more blood on their hands. Supreme Court Justice, Antonin Scalia. 
The evidence does look damning. In the email, where coded language and a disjointed writing technique was used, Podesta is offered a “script” to a “movie.” However, that’s the only normal part of this email. 
The script writer of the movie is asking Podesta to fund the film, which right away makes the exchange odd since the movie isn’t political and Podesta is Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager, not a movie investor. It seems even more strange once the plot of the movie is revealed in the emails as well. What’s worse, this is not the first email thought to be about the assassination of Antonin Scalia, but I digress. 
The movie is about a “Mexican” girl on a journey to find her mother. She crosses paths with a man named Alex who assists her on her journey. They end up at an isolated ranch house with a massive underground tunnel in Tecate, California. There is a Smithsonian map included in a link, which has a line pointing to the “setting” of the film, as seen below. Map included in the Podesta emails showing the “setting” of the “movie” 
The map seems inconspicuous enough until it was realized that the pointer of the map is showing the exact location of the Cibolo Ranch where Antonin Scalia died. Below is a Google map showing the location of the Cibolo Ranch. Google map depicting the location of the Cibolo Ranch 
The maps were enough to draw the attention of internet sleuths. Digging deeper, they have uncovered more in the same email discussing the details of this “movie,” and honestly, it doesn’t feel right. The entire script of the “movie” can be read in the leaked emails , but one part stands out in addition to connecting the dots with the maps. Ronald Reagan is discussed for some strange reason 
It’s difficult to imagine what President Ronald Reagan has to do with a movie about a Mexican woman’s journey, other than the fact that Antonin Scalia was a Reagan appointee. However, it gets a little more creepy further down the slightly discombobulated email. A portion of the lengthy email conspiracy theorists believe details the murder plot of Antonin Scalia 
His five “film projects” aren’t detailed. All he says are “two are political, one is spiritual, and two are just for fun.” Conspiracy theorists believe this is a list of his assassinations and the best way to describe who has been killed and why. 
Could this all be an elaborate movie and the email sender a poor writer? That seems unlikely, considering he’s claiming to have written an entire script. But, could conspiracy theorists have jumped the gun? That’s also possible. 
There’s still no absolute proof that this is the murder plot of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, but with just over one week left until the nation decides who will be the president and Wikileaks still having many more John Podesta emails to release, it’s possible we may see more about this “movie” if that’s what was really being discussed.",0
8959,Trump warning: the start of World War III and ISIS,"Chaosistan , Phenomenon of Terrorism by Gulam ASGAR MITHA (Canada) 
The American lust for power and neo-con agendas has been causing catastrophes in the Middle East and the Muslim world now for over four decades. What is, however, a cause for greater fear is that this is leading towards a global conflict. The world just got another warning, this time from Donald Trump the US Republican Presidential candidate who has been speaking the truth though rather incoherently since he is not a politician. He has been set up by a strong establishment to ensure that Hillary Clinton wins the November 4 elections. It may seem that the Republicans did not want to host a conflict which is why they provided an opening for Trump against Hillary who will go down in history as the first US woman President. She has no qualms towing the neo-con agenda. 
Trump has now openly come out on CNN on October 26 and suggested that Hillary Clinton, when elected, will start World War 3. Why? In my opinion the best reasonings were provided by WeAreChange in a video titled ISIS: The Start of World War 3 (2014) . So here we’ve Trump who warns not only about the Great War but he is mentioning the need to focus on ISIS and not on Syria. One must remember that the seeds for the Great War were planted in 2011 in Libya first and following that in Syria under the pretext of toppling Assad. 
There are too many dots to connect but by connecting some dots chronographically, it is interesting to note a few facts. One is that ISIL (the L being Levant) drove through from Eastern Syria into Iraq stretching from Mosul to Tikrit to slightly north of Baghdad along the banks of River Euphrates for establishing the “Islamic Caliphate”. Euphrates is the eastern boundary that Israel claims is the Biblical greater Zion; the Nile being the western boundary. Two, ISIL fighters appeared in a most enigmatic manner in early 2014, very well armed. Some sources have suggested that the weapons were looted from Libyan armories stashed by NATO to topple Gaddafi in 2011 and then smuggled into Syria through Turkey a key NATO ally. On June 13, 2013 the New York Times reported that three Qatari C-17 cargo planes collected arms from Libya then returned to Al-Udeid base from where the cargo was then flown to Ankara, Turkey, along with other weapons and equipment that the Qataris had been gathering for the rebels, officials said. Sources have suggested that funding of $2-4 billion initially came from Saudi Arabia and Qatar through Turkey. 
Three, the behaviour of the “terrorists” was unbecoming of Islamic preaching or what any Muslim would condone, especially that towards women and children. Four, within one year of ISIL takeover of a large part of Iraq, the P5+1 nuclear deal was finalized as a historic achievement. 
Though US-NATO may not have directly created ISIL or ISIS, there has most definitely been suggestions that the US played a covert role with the overt objective of creating a Sunni bloc. 
With retrospect to Iran, the Supreme Leader Ayotallah Ali Khamenei had told Javed Zarif that he supports the P5+1 N-deal maintaining that Iran never had the need for a N-bomb. His reservations were about the Israeli-American interests specifically that “beneath the nuclear bowl lies a half nuclear bowl”. He suggested to Zarif to try and find out the agenda but most importantly to get the sanctions lifted. In words of many experts the Iranians got more out of the deal. The Ayatollah was probably aware of the agenda which could well be the Shia-Sunni conflict. The sanctions against Iran had failed to satisfy the US towards weakening Iran; in fact Iran has become stronger much to American chagrin. By lifting the sanctions the US has economically and politically empowered Iran and by default created a Shia bloc extending from Iran to Lebanon which includes Iraq, Syria and Yemen. 
Iran had covertly supported Hezbollah in the July 2006 conflict with Israel and now they’re again supporting Iraq to successfully oust ISIL from Iraq. Mosul is the last remaining ISIL bastion after which they might flee and regroup with Jabhat Fatal al-Sham (formerly Al-Nusra) and the Sunni coalition (including Turkey, Egypt and Arab countries) in Syria where Russia, Iran and Hezbollah might become engaged in an open conflict. 
President Obama has not supported the no-fly zone (NFZ) in his watch mentioning that the Syrian civil war is “not a conflict between the US and any party in Syria” although former US secretary of State Hillary Clinton has publicly supported the idea. In a paper published by the Washington based Institute for the Study of War (ISW) on November 4, 2015, it is mentioned that a UN sponsored NFZ resolution is desirable but not essential for US action. The ISW paper has stated that “if the US intends to lead a sustainable negotiated settlement to the Syrian Civil war or to reinvigorate the moderate rebels, establishing a NFZ is essential.”If as President, Hillary Clinton does arbitrarily institute the NFZ without a UN approval that would certainly imply the direct involvement of the US in the conflict which could well become the flashpoint for the Great War 
It might interest the reader that the founder of ISW is none other than Dr. Kimberly Kagan, wife of Dr. Frederick Kagan who is associated with the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), a Washington based conservative (neo-con) think tank and a signatory to the Project for the New American Century (PNAC). The Kagan family also include Donald, Robert (characterized as a leading neo-conservative) and Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs in which position she maneuvered the Ukrainian crisis in early 2014. Are these diplomats, including John Kerry, slated to be a strong part of Ms. Clinton’s cabinet? 
In conclusion, it is not unreasonable to forego that Trump is correct that Hillary Clinton could catalyse the Syrian civil war into a global conflict. This author’s premise and We Are Change video provides the reasoning that ISIS is the start of WW III. 
Gulam Asgar Mitha is a retired Technical Safety Engineer. He has worked with several N. American and International oil and gas companies. He has worked in Libya, Qatar, Pakistan, France, Yemen and UAE. Currently Gulam lives in Calgary, Canada and enjoys reading and keeping in tune with current global political issues. RELATED POSTS",0
8960,Donald Trump Tackles Toyota for Planned Plant in Mexico - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump challenged Toyota for plans to build a new plant in Mexico, warning them that they would face big taxes if they tried to sell the cars built there in America. [“Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U. S.,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “NO WAY! Build plant in U. S. or pay big border tax. ”  Trump appeared to react to a statement by Toyota’s president Akio Toyoda during an industry event in Tokyo. “We will consider our option as we see what policies the incoming president adopts,” Toyoda said, according to Reuters. Toyota broke ground on a new $1 billion plant in Mexico after Trump was elected in November, according to the Wall Street Journal.",0
8961,"Review: As Amy Schumer Evolves, So Does Her Arena Show - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In the middle of her dynamic show at the Verizon Center here on Friday, Amy Schumer swigged from a bottle of wine like a movie pirate and asked, “Can I just tell you guys all my secrets?” Giving an arena show the intimate feel of a sleepover requires the presence of a star, and Ms. Schumer doesn’t pretend she isn’t one. “It’s been an insane year,” she said early on. “I’ve gotten very rich, famous and humble. ” When she soberly brings up her “passion project,” she’s referring to her appearance in those ubiquitous Bud Light ads. “People say you sold out for money,” she said midstride, before stopping and flashing a look that announced: Duh. Ms. Schumer was a gleefully raunchy comic who found a pointed feminist voice on her Comedy Central sketch show “Inside Amy Schumer. ” But in her new global tour, which comes to Madison Square Garden next month, she has slyly found an arena   language to match her evolving reputation. Ms. Schumer smuggles social commentary about gender into broad   bits. At one point on Friday, she lay down onstage, took off her high heels and invited a guy in the audience to try them on. After she flirted with him onstage, he stepped into the shoes and teetered awkwardly. Then she ordered him to walk around like she had, which he tried to do, uneasily. A man stumbling in woman’s shoes is an easy joke, but this bit of crowd work evoked the old line about Ginger Rogers doing everything Fred Astaire did, except backward and in heels. It got a huge response, but around me, the women laughed louder. The most significant shift in her   is one of perspective. Her early work used the voice of a blinkered, entitled party girl who often said dumb and offensive things, many of which were   false. And yet there were moments when a different voice interrupted for a punch line that broke the fourth wall, like the  : “My best friend is black   …     in this story. ” The early criticism of Ms. Schumer’s work came from comedy snobs who dismissed her jokes as character comedy, shorthand for material rooted in a fake persona, an approach deemed by some to be inferior to   in your own personal voice. This distinction between character and personal comedy is rooted in naïve notions about the authenticity of certain kinds of   a belief as simplistic as the one that indie   are more real than pop stars. But there is some truth (and usefulness) in these aesthetic categories, particularly when it comes to describing Ms. Schumer’s evolution. In her new   when Ms. Schumer says something happened to her, she wants you to believe it. She also doesn’t play dumb. She speaks in a confident, savvy voice that doesn’t sound that different than the one you might read in interviews with her. This dovetails with the politics of her comedy, which offers a sustained critique of how the media and culture make women feel insecure and apologetic. You might say Ms. Schumer has merely changed rude personas, replacing the ditsy girl with that of the arrogant celebrity. If so, she’s still keeping a firm eye on her audience’s sympathies. Her harshest gibes are for famous people (Gwyneth Paltrow, the Kardashians) who market fantasies of perfection masked as something more down to earth. Ms. Schumer positions herself as a star so relatable she’s not going to try to trick you into thinking she’s relatable. While she delivered some topical jokes (a funny   about gun laws, a scene about meeting Hillary Clinton, for whom she appeared at a   before the show) the content of her material  —   much of it new, some repurposed  —   could still be described by the title of her first special: “Mostly Sex Stuff. ” She still favors a jaunty    style of joke that depends on pinpoint pauses. “I’m going to make him wait,” she says about sex on a first date, waiting a beat. “All through dinner. ” Pivot, deepening voice: “We didn’t go to dinner. ” Most of her laughs, however, are earned not from concise jokes but detailed stories, punched up by an animated performance style. Ms. Schumer has long cut sour material with a sweet glance, but now she uses a more theatrical vocabulary for such incongruities. When she describes telling her boyfriend that she is finished performing oral sex, she employs the cheery voice of a game show host. And when she gets really dirty, Ms. Schumer pairs jokes with pantomimes of tap dancing or a tip of a cap accompanied by a  . Ms. Schumer, who made the leap to movies last year with “Trainwreck,” makes a point of saying   is her favorite thing, but her comedy, like that of Louis C. K. increasingly leans on acting chops. She moves from prim scold to maniac princess to   aggression with alacrity  —   and without ever seeming as if she’s working too hard. She makes hustle look effortless. Yet after a breakthrough 2015, Ms. Schumer’s stardom has shifted into a slightly precarious position. She remains at the center of pop culture  —   her book, “The Girl With the Lower Back Tattoo,” is on the   lists  —   but often for reasons peripheral to her work. She’s become a fixture on the online controversy circuit, garnering headlines not for the last season of her sketch show, but for accusations that she stole jokes (which she denies) and for criticism of comments about rape from one of her TV show’s writers. Such   are part of being a famous and provocative comic today. And she has proved herself canny at negotiating the digital world, creating her own viral moments by releasing a clip of her handling a heckler or posting a photo on Instagram skewering double standards in publishing. Still, Ms. Schumer repeatedly called herself an awful famous person onstage here. “I say what I mean,” she said, “so I probably won’t be able to do this much longer. ” It’s unclear exactly what she meant, but it’s the kind of intriguing aside that makes you sit forward in your chair. In comedy, meaning what you say doesn’t beat saying it in a meaningful way.",0
8962,Ausbildung französischer Soldaten in der Führung von Daesch,"Ausbildung französischer Soldaten in der Führung von Daesch Voltaire Netzwerk | 26. Oktober 2016 français Español italiano Am 22. September 2016 sahen Arbeiter bei der Reinigung der Umgebung einer verlassenen Höhlenunterkunft nahe der Kirche Saint-Florent an der Ausfahrt von Saumur (Frankreich) drei Männer, die überstürzt in einem weißen Lieferwagen flohen. Als sie in die Grotte eindrangen, entdeckten sie Videomaterial, einen Generator, Zeitschriften in arabischer Sprache und die Fahnen von Daesch.
Bei der Beschwichtigung der Aufregung in der Bevölkerung, bei der Polizei und Gendarmerie und dem Unterpräfekten erklärte Arnaud Nicolazo de Barmon, der Kommandant der Militärschulen von Saumur, dass es sich nicht um Terroristen handele, sondern um eine Übung des teilstreitkräfteübergreifenden Zentrums für die nukleare, radiologische, biologische und chemische Verteidigung (CIA NBCR).
Wenn dies mitten im Ausnahmezustand der Fall war, hat die CIA NBCR gegen die Vorschriften zur Bekanntmachung dieser Übung vor ihrer Durchführung bei verschiedenen Kommunalbehörden verstoßen. Darüber hinaus ist nicht einsichtig, inwiefern dieses Material irgendeinen Nutzen für Übungen zur nuklearen, radiologischen, biologischen und chemischen Gefahrenabwehr haben sollte.
In denselben Räumlichkeiten der CIA NBCR in Saumur befinden sich Schulen, die auf Nachrichtendienste und das Gefecht der Verbundenen Waffen spezialisiert sind.
Seit Beginn der Ereignisse in Syrien 2011 ist dort die Anwesenheit französischer Streitkräfte nachgewiesen. 2012 waren 19 französische Soldaten, die gefangen genommen worden waren, an der libanesischen Grenze dem Generalstabschef der Streitkräfte, Édouard Guillaud, zusammen mit anderen Soldaten, die dem Islamische Emirat von Baba Amr zugeordnet waren, übergeben worden. Der Tod von französischen Soldaten in Begleitung islamistischer Truppen ist an vielen Orten bescheinigt worden, besonders 2013 in Sanayeh. Obwohl Frankreich 2014 al-Qaida gegen Daesch unterstützt hat, wurde 2016 die Anwesenheit französischer Offiziere im Kalifat von mehreren Zeugen bestätigt.
Im November 2014 gab das Pentagon bekannt, in Samarda einen Agenten des französischen Auslandsnachrichtendienst (DGSE), David Drugeon, der innnerhalb der al-Qaida arbeitete, getötet zu haben, während das französische Verteidigungsministerium jede Verbindung zu dem Opfer dementierte. Im Anschluss bestätigte die US-amerikanische Presse, David Drugeon habe Mohamed Mera (Attentat von Toulouse und von Montauban) und die Brüder Kouachi (Attentat gegen Charlie Hebdo ) ausgebildet.
Frankreich hat sich nie offiziell dazu bekannt, Soldaten auf syrischem Boden zu haben, obwohl es zugegeben hat, dort ein gemeinsames Hauptquartier mit verbündeten Spezialkräften zu unterhalten.
Übersetzung
Sabine",0
8963,"This Time, There Really Is a Hispanic Voter Surge - The New York Times","Hispanic voters were largely credited with President Obama’s victory in 2012, but they weren’t  as crucial  as many believed. Mr. Obama didn’t even need to win the Hispanic vote to put him over the top, thanks to high black turnout and support among white voters in the North. The turnout among Hispanic voters didn’t surge, even though exit polls implied that it had. This year, Hispanic voters, perhaps motivated by Donald J. Trump’s policy proposals (including deportation) and harsh language aimed at undocumented Hispanic immigrants, really might decide this election. Early voting data unequivocally indicates that Hillary Clinton will benefit from a long awaited surge in Hispanic turnout, vastly exceeding the Hispanic turnout from four years ago. It’s too soon to say whether it will be decisive for her. The geographic distribution of Hispanic voters means that many of her gains will help her in noncompetitive states like Texas and California, not Michigan and Pennsylvania. But the surge is real, and it’s big. It could be enough to overcome Mr. Trump’s strength among   class voters in the swing states of Florida and Nevada. If it does, it will almost certainly win her the election. In Florida, voters who indicated they were Hispanic on their voter registration form represent more than 15 percent of the early vote. In 2012, Hispanic voters were just 12 percent of the final electorate. The numbers are striking in part because of the sheer magnitude of the early vote so far. Already, more than 6. 4 million total voters have cast their ballots in the state  —   equal to 75 percent of the final turnout in 2012. In total, as many Hispanic voters have already cast ballots in Florida’s early voting period as cast ballots in all of 2012. The Hispanic surge in Florida isn’t simply because Mrs. Clinton has drawn typically reliable Election Day voters to vote early instead: According to Daniel Smith of the University of Florida, fully 36 percent of the Hispanics who have voted so far did not vote in 2012. It’s also striking because Hispanic voters are typically among the least likely to participate in early and absentee voting. If that pattern continues this year  —   suggesting a robust Hispanic turnout on Election Day  —   Mr. Trump is probably in serious trouble. The   polls in Florida appear to have assumed a lower level of Hispanic turnout. The final   poll  in Florida suggested that the state’s electorate would be 67 percent white, by registration, and 14 percent Hispanic  —   just two percentage points higher than the 12 percent of 2012. A new Quinnipiac poll today had Mrs. Clinton ahead by one point in the state, and put Hispanic voters at 16 percent of the electorate. But this was based on the race that registered voters   to pollsters, not the race that they indicated on their voter registration form. In our two Florida polls, registered Hispanic voters represented 13. 6 percent of the electorate, but 16 percent of likely voters were   Hispanic voters. If registered Hispanic voters represent 15 percent of the electorate,   Hispanic voters could be 18 or 19 percent of voters. The data on Hispanic turnout is not as illustrative elsewhere in the country, because most other states do not ask about race and Hispanic origin on voter registration forms. But this is a national trend. The Hispanic vote in Nevada has propelled Democrats to a considerable lead in the early vote. Many analysts believe that it has already been enough to secure the state for Mrs. Clinton. The turnout has surpassed 2012 levels in several of Las Vegas’s heavily Hispanic precincts. The huge surge in Hispanic turnout is possible  —   and sustainable  —   in part because there was no surge four years ago. Even now, the turnout among white registered voters is at a higher percentage in the Florida early vote than among Hispanic voters because Hispanic turnout, historically so low, has a long way to go to catch up. There’s another possible error in the polls: Mrs. Clinton’s share of the Hispanic vote. In general, the   polls of Hispanic voters give her a larger lead than the one Mr. Obama held with that group in 2012. But there are plenty of surveys where this doesn’t seem to show up. There are very few surveys that show Mrs. Clinton faring much, much better than Mr. Obama, suggesting an underlying bias in many public polls. Why would the polls tend to underestimate Democratic strength among Hispanic voters? There’s considerable evidence that pollsters tend to contact too many       Hispanic voters who live in less Hispanic areas. These voters tend to be more Republican. If true, Mrs. Clinton’s strength among less assimilated,   and   Hispanic voters in heavily Hispanic and urban areas might be missed in the polls. Mrs. Clinton had a lead of 60 to 26 percent among Hispanic voters in   Florida polls, which used English and Spanish interviews and had the right number of   voters and voters in heavily Democratic areas. Whether Hispanic turnout will be enough for Mrs. Clinton to win the presidency is hard to say. In the most contested states, Hispanic voters represent a larger than average share of the electorate only in Florida and Nevada. They’re just a fraction of the electorate in many of the states that could prove decisive  —   North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire or Michigan. Hispanic voters can give Mrs. Clinton a knockout blow with a win in Florida. It would be especially symbolic if it came early in the night. But if Hispanic voters don’t put Mrs. Clinton over the top in Florida, she’ll need to cobble together enough strength among black voters and white Northerners in states like Pennsylvania and Michigan. In that event, Hispanic voters would still be an important part of Mrs. Clinton’s path  —   say, in helping win Nevada and Colorado  —   but not clearly decisive. Either way, it’s likely that the Hispanic vote will pad Mrs. Clinton’s margin in the national popular vote and sustain her chances in the Electoral College.",0
8964,UK MUSLIMS want to subject non-Muslims to the noise pollution of the amplified ‘Islamic Call to Prayer’ several times a day,"BNI Store Oct 31 2016 UK MUSLIMS want to subject non-Muslims to the noise pollution of the amplified ‘Islamic Call to Prayer’ several times a day If Muslim supremacists get their way, British residents and visitors will be forced to endure the eardrum-shattering, highly offensive Islamic Call to Prayer (‘Adhan’) being blasted from mosque amplifiers – so it can be heard for miles around – at least three times a day, EVERYDAY! UK Express (h/t Rob E) A petition to allow the Islamic call for prayer has been signed by more than 25,000 Muslims. Those behind the petition say: “The Islamic Call to Prayer, is an integral part of the Muslim faith ” which actually means unbelievers are my inferiors and I have no respect for their country, customs, and its citizens. The petition says: “I believe it is the right time to experiment and allow highly Muslim populated areas with a loud call for prayer at least three times a day, not during anti-social hours.” “The number of people practicing the religion of Islam in the United Kingdom exceeds three million. “Some neighbourhood towns have more than 50% Muslim population.” The Government’s official response to the petition has advised people to speak to their local authority about public calls to worship. Officials said: “The Government recognizes the unique contribution (to violence, rape, and terrorism) that Muslims make to their own local communities and to wider society.”",0
8965,Tancredo: Have Congressional Republican Leaders Joined the ’Resistance’?  - Breitbart,"William F. Buckley, Jr. ran for mayor of New York City in 1965, he was asked, “What will you do if you win?” His reply: “Demand a recount. ” Of course, he was being flippant. The young Conservative Party of New York had no chance of winning even a plurality in the liberal bastion of New York. [I would not have been surprised to have heard Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell utter those words in October of 2016. Not only did they expect Trump to lose to Hillary Clinton in a landslide, they were counting on it. In a divided government, with a Democrat in the White House and Republican majorities in the Senate and House, governing the country was a matter of bipartisan    —   and they were in the driver’s seat. No one could hold them accountable for actually governing the country —  what a deal!  What a creepy bunch of establishment swamp denizens the Congressional Republicans have shown themselves to be. Precious days are being wasted by them because every passing   news cycle makes it more difficult to advance the President’s agenda. And they know it.   And I think they are okay with that because it is not their agenda. They are wallowing in the swamp Trump is trying to drain. Of course, there are a few true believers who would brave the slings and arrows of the irrational ninnies in the media who live only to see Trump and his agenda be sent to the ash heap of history. However far too many of those calling themselves Republicans are no more than Democrats who have perfected their ability to obfuscate. It is clear to me that some Republicans in Congress secretly embrace the “resistance” and are hoping Trump will quit or be impeached. It seems Democrats are always eager to enact the Democrat agenda.  What’s so frustrating is that so are many Republicans!  Republicans have maintained their House majority since the turnaround election of 2010. In November of 2016, besides sending Donald Trump to the White House, Republicans maintained their majorities in both the Senate and House and also won control of a majority of governorships and state legislatures.  The Republican Party now controls 69 of 99 state legislative chambers (Nebraska is unicameral) and 33 governorships, the most it has held since 1922. Republicans will have total control of government (legislative chambers and governorship) in 25 states, the most since 1952. Consider this startling fact: with Donald Trump in the White House, the Republican Party today has more control over Congress than Eisenhower had in 1953, Nixon in 1969, or Ronald Reagan in 1981. Reagan never had a Republican majority in both houses of Congress! These amazing numbers send a clear message: it is now time to govern! If not now, when? But to judge by Republican behavior since November, the Grand Ol’ Party can’t handle success and seems to be working hard to surrender the reins of power. In the last month, we have heard Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan say they don’t think they have the votes for repealing Obamacare, reforming the tax code and securing the borders. Translated, that means they believe they don’t have the Republican votes to pass landmark Republican bills. My 10 years of experience in the Congress tells me that this is total hogwash. When you have both houses of Congress and the White House, there is no excuse for failure  —   even when you don’t have a   60 votes in the Senate. Besides the various parliamentary rules that can be employed when you have the majority on every committee as well as the floor, the sausage factory model of legislation is always available. A good example is the Republican enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug Act of 2003. That historic expansion of Medicare was a horrible bill and every Republican knew it. But President Bush wanted it and the Republicans held both Houses, albeit by only one vote in the Senate. That 2003 battle is described here. The bill came to the floor for a vote late in the evening, but when the vote was called, what was supposed to be a   vote turned into an    —   because leadership did not have the necessary 218 “Yeas. ” Democrats didn’t want to give Bush and the Republican Party the win, and about half the Republicans saw the bill for what it was  —   the single biggest increase in government since Medicare. It stunk. That was when the real lobbying  —   that is, the arm twisting  —   started. The president was calling members about 5 a. m. and badgering them —  mainly with yummy carrots but also some big sticks. Every Cabinet member was dispatched to the House to lobby members with whom they had influence. The House Republican leadership team was actually calling the largest donors to the recalcitrant members and asking them to call their reluctant representatives and urge them to change their vote. A colleague of mine who was a subcommittee chair had his chairmanship threatened. Sufficient golden promises and nasty threats were made, and by 6:30 a. m. they had the 218th vote. I was a “No” vote, but I still wanted to throw up. Apparently, keeping Republican promises made in every national election since 2010 by repealing Obamacare is not as important to the Republican Party leadership in 2017 as expanding Medicare by $400 billion was in 2003.  And these geniuses wonder why Republican voters chose Donald Trump over Jeb Bush, Lindsay Graham and John Kasich? Gimme a break! If Republicans cannot unite to repeal the single biggest federal power grab of the last 50 years, why should anyone have faith they will have the courage to tackle other looming crises?  The message being sent to Republican rank and file voters across the country is pathetic: Elect us and we will slow down the growth of the leviathan state but we lack the courage to reverse course. That, my friends, is a suicide note.  Senate Republican leadership is also skeptical they can find the money  Trump has requested for the first stage of a border wall. They have put off a decision on the matter until September. The truth is they don’t want a border wall!  That leadership and many of their   caucus members are happy with the status quo when it comes to immigration. Cheap labor will satisfy the Chamber of Commerce Republicans and thereby keep the donations from big business flowing to their reelection campaigns.   But it is not just Trump’s immigration plans that they secretly want derailed, it’s the whole conservative agenda that they speak so glowingly of to their constituents at home but work so hard to avoid implementing when they are back in the swamp.",0
8966,"Human Rights Watch: Nigerian Officials Raping Women, Girls Displaced By Boko Haram","Videos Human Rights Watch: Nigerian Officials Raping Women, Girls Displaced By Boko Haram “It is bad enough that these women and girls are not getting much-needed support for the horrific trauma they suffered at the hands of Boko Haram,” said Mausi Segun, senior Nigeria researcher at Human Rights Watch. “It is disgraceful and outrageous that people who should protect these women and girls are attacking and abusing them.” | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! In this photo taken with an iPad on Friday, Jan. 31, 2014, women and children who survived attacks by Boko haram sits outside a compound at St. Paul’s Roman Catholic Church, in Wada Chakawa, Yola, Nigeria.. (AP Photo/ Ibrahim Abdulaziz) 
ABUJA – Government officials and other authorities in Nigeria have raped and sexually exploited women and girls displaced by the conflict with Boko Haram. The government is not doing enough to protect displaced women and girls and ensure that they have access to basic rights and services or to sanction the abusers, who include camp leaders, vigilante groups, policemen, and soldiers. 
In late July, 2016, Human Rights Watch documented sexual abuse, including rape and exploitation, of 43 women and girls living in seven internally displaced persons (IDP) camps in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital. The victims had been displaced from several Borno towns and villages, including Abadam, Bama, Baga, Damasak, Dikwa, Gamboru Ngala, Gwoza, Kukawa, and Walassa. In some cases, the victims had arrived in the under-served Maiduguri camps, where their movement is severely restricted after spending months in military screening camps. 
“It is bad enough that these women and girls are not getting much-needed support for the horrific trauma they suffered at the hands of Boko Haram,” said Mausi Segun , senior Nigeria researcher at Human Rights Watch. “It is disgraceful and outrageous that people who should protect these women and girls are attacking and abusing them.” 
Four of the victims told Human Rights Watch that they were drugged and raped, while 37 were coerced into sex through false marriage promises and material and financial assistance. Many of those coerced into sex said they were abandoned if they became pregnant. They and their children have suffered discrimination, abuse, and stigmatization from other camp residents. Eight of the victims said they were previously abducted by Boko Haram fighters and forced into marriage before they escaped to Maiduguri. 
A situational assessment of IDPs in the northeast in July 2016 by NOI Polls, a Nigerian research organization, reported that 66 percent of 400 displaced people in Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe states said that camp officials sexually abuse the displaced women and girls. 
Women and girls abused by members of the security forces and vigilante groups – civilian self-defense groups working with government forces in their fight against Boko Haram – told Human Rights Watch they feel powerless and fear retaliation if they report the abuse. A 17-year-old girl said that just over a year after she fled the frequent Boko Haram attacks in Dikwa, a town 56 miles west of Maiduguri, a policeman approached her for “friendship” in the camp, and then he raped her. 
“One day he demanded to have sex with me,” she said. “I refused but he forced me. It happened just that one time, but soon I realized I was pregnant. When I informed him about my condition, he threatened to shoot and kill me if I told anyone else. So I was too afraid to report him.” 
The Boko Haram conflict has led to more than 10,000 civilian deaths since 2009; the abductions of at least 2,000 people, mostly women and children and large groups of students, including from Chibok and Damasak; the forced recruitment of hundreds of men; and the displacement of about 2.5 million people in northeast Nigeria. 
Women and children queue on September 15, 2016 to enter a nutrition clinic at an informal settlement in the outskirts of Maiduguri, the capital of Borno State, in northeastern Nigeria. © 2016 Getty Images 
Irregular supplies of food, clothing, medicine, and other essentials, along with restricted movement in the IDP camps in Maiduguri, compounds the vulnerability of victims – many of them widowed women and unaccompanied orphaned girls – to rape and sexual exploitation by camp officials, soldiers, police, members of civilian vigilante groups, and other Maiduguri residents. Residents of the Arabic Teachers Village camp, Pompomari, told Human Rights Watch in July that the camp had not received any food or medicines since late May, just before the start of the month-long Muslim fast of Ramadan. 
Restricted movement in the camps is contrary to Principle 14.2 of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement , which provides that internally displaced people have “the right to move freely in and out of camps and other settlements.” 
In some cases, men used their positions of authority and gifts of desperately needed food or other items to have sex with women. A woman in a Dalori camp said residents get only one meal a day. She said she accepted the advances of a soldier who proposed marriage because she needed help in feeding her four children. He disappeared five months later when she told him she was pregnant. 
Victims of rape and sexual exploitation may be less likely to seek health care, including psychological counselling, due to the shame they feel. Fewer than five of the 43 women and girls interviewed said they had received any formal counseling after they were raped or sexually exploited. A medical health worker in one of the camps, which has 10,000 residents, said that the number of people requiring treatment for HIV and other sexually transmitted infections has risen sharply, from about 200 cases when the camp clinic was established in 2014 to more than 500 in July 2016. The health worker said she believed that many more women could be infected but were ashamed to go to the clinic, and are likely to be suffering in silence without treatment. 
The Borno State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) has direct responsibility for distributing aid, including food, medicine, clothes, and bedding, as well as managing the camps. Its national counterpart, the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), supplies raw food and other materials for internally displaced people to the state agency under a memorandum of understanding. 
Aid workers have warned since early 2016 that displaced women have been forced to exchange sex for basic necessities and that various elements, including members of the security forces in northeast Nigeria, have been subjecting some of them to sexual and gender-based violence. A Rapid Protection Assessment Report published in May by the Borno State Protection Sector Working Group, made up of national and international aid providers, identified sexual exploitation, rape, and other sexual abuse as major concerns in nearly all 13 camps and several local communities hosting displaced people in and around Maiduguri. 
Following his visit to Nigeria in August, the United Nations special rapporteur on the human rights of internally displaced persons, Chaloka Beyani , said Nigeria’s government had “a tendency to downplay the problem of sexual violence and abuse” of internally displaced people. He expressed concern that this tendency “constitutes a hidden crisis of abuse with fear, stigma and cultural factors as well as impunity for perpetrators leading to under-reporting of abuse to the relevant authorities.” 
Human Rights Watch wrote to several Nigerian authorities in August requesting comment on the research findings. The minister of women affairs and social development, Senator Aisha Jumai Alhassan, promised in a meeting with Human Rights Watch on September 5 to investigate the allegations and then respond. Her response has not yet been received at time of writing. 
“Failure to respond to these widely reported abuses amounts to severe negligence or worse by Nigerian authorities,” Segun said. “Authorities should provide adequate aid in the camps, ensure freedom of movement for all displaced people, safe and confidential health care for survivors, and punish the abusers.” 
Victims’ Accounts 
Movement Restrictions, Food Shortages Fuel Sexual Abuse Most of the victims interviewed lived in camps for displaced people. While victims living at the Arabic Teachers’ Village camp said they were allowed to leave the camp for about eight hours daily, victims from other camps said that their movement was severely restricted. The women and girls became victims of rape and sexual exploitation when they accepted offers of friendship or marriage from men in positions of authority. 
Rape A 16-year-old girl who fled a brutal Boko Haram attack on Baga, near the shores of Lake Chad, northern Borno in January 2015, said she was drugged and raped in May 2015 by a vigilante group member in charge of distributing aid in the camp: 
He knew my parents were dead, because he is also from Baga. He would bring me food items like rice and spaghetti so I believed he really wanted to marry me. But he was also asking me for sex. I always told him I was too small [young]. The day he raped me, he offered me a drink in a cup. As soon as I drank it, I slept off. It was in his camp room. 
I knew something was wrong when I woke up. I was in pain, and blood was coming out of my private part. I felt weak and could not walk well. I did not tell anyone because I was afraid. When my menstrual period did not come, I knew I was pregnant and just wanted to die to join my dead mother. I was too ashamed to even go to the clinic for pregnancy care. I am so young! The man ran away from the camp when he heard I delivered a baby six months ago. I just feel sorry for the baby because I have no food or love to give him. I think he might die. 
An 18-year-old girl from Kukawa, a Borno town 112 miles from Maiduguri, the state capital, said that a member of Civilian Joint Task Force – a self-defense vigilante group working with government forces in their fight against Boko Haram – initially gave her privileges, including passes that allowed her to leave the camp, but then raped her: 
The man started with preaching, telling me to be a good Muslim girl and not to join bad groups in the camp. He then sent his mother to propose to me, which convinced me that he was serious. He allowed me to go outside the camp when necessary. When he asked me to visit his newly allocated room in the camp, I didn’t see any reason not to go because I felt safe with him. He gave me a bottle of Zobo [locally brewed non-alcoholic drink] and I immediately felt dizzy and slept off. I don’t know what happened thereafter but when I woke up he was gone and I was in pain and felt wet between my legs. For three days I could not walk properly. 
Some weeks later I fell very ill, and was told at the hospital that I was pregnant. Then everyone turned away from me: [He] refused to help me, and my step-mother who I lived with in camp pushed me out, saying I was a disgrace. I reported [him] to the police in camp several times but they have not done anything to him because they work together. Whenever I see him, I wish something terrible will happen to him. It is because of him that I have lost everything. I don’t even think the baby will last because she is always crying and I can’t cope. I pray that God will forgive me for neglecting the baby but I am helpless. 
Sexual Exploitation A 30-year-old woman from Walassa, near Bama, about 43 miles west of Maiduguri, said that she fled into a nearby wooded area after Boko Haram fighters killed her husband and abducted her daughters, ages 12 and 9. She stayed there for three months, hoping to find a way to rescue her daughters, until Nigerian government soldiers arrived in the area and the fighters escaped with their captives: 
A few weeks after soldiers transported us to the camp, near Maiduguri, one of the soldiers guarding us approached me for marriage. He used to bring food and clothes for me and my remaining four children, so I allowed him to have sex with me. He is a Hausa man from Gwoza. That is all I know about him. Two months later he just stopped coming. Then I realized I was pregnant. I feel so angry with him for deceiving me. When he was pretending to woo me he used to provide for me, but as soon as I agreed and we began having sex, his gifts began to reduce until he abandoned me. Now my situation is worse as the pregnancy makes me sick, and I have no one to help me care for my children. 
A woman from Bama living at the same camp said: 
The soldier showed his interest by bringing me food and clothes. He used to wear the green army uniform and carried a gun. I accepted him because I needed help to take care of me and my four children. Feeding in the camp is only once a day so you have to accept any help that comes. We started having sex in my camp tent – my sister who was sharing it with me left – or at night in the open field where soldiers stay in the camp. Five months later when I realized I was pregnant and told him, he stopped coming. I have not seen him since then. I feel so ashamed because my neighbors talk and stare at me. I cry whenever I think about him. I delivered the baby two months ago but he is also suffering – I eat once a day so [am] not producing enough milk to breast feed him well. Things are so bad in the camp, there is not enough water or food. 
An 18-year old girl from Baga said when she met a member of the Civilian Joint Task Force in the camp, she felt she could trust him because he is also from Baga: 
He took me from the camp to a house on Baga Road so we could meet freely. I stayed with him in that house for about one month. Then I fell ill, and went to a clinic. The people at the clinic asked for the person I was living with, and invited him. That was when they told him I was pregnant, and he accepted the pregnancy. But immediately [when] we came out of the clinic he took me to a man to abort the pregnancy. I refused and he said if I would not abort we should separate. Then I moved to the camp. I gave birth almost a year ago but the man has refused to take responsibility. Some months ago he followed the military to catch Boko Haram far from Maiduguri. Even when he visits his two wives in the camp he never asks for me and my baby. I go outside the camp to beg so that we can survive. 
A 25-year-old woman at from Dikwa said that when she fled Boko Haram’s attack on the town, she lived with her brother in a rented apartment in Maiduguri. When he was no longer able to feed her and her three children, he took her to the camp where he handed her over to camp elders. One of these elders, a local government employee – who are often financially better off than most displaced people because they receive salaries – proposed marriage and regularly brought her food and money. But the marriage did not materialize, and he began to shun her when she became pregnant. He continued to ignore her when she delivered twins and asked him for money to pay for her midwife. The woman said: 
If I have a gun, I will shoot him. It is because of him that people call me and my babies names. I am so ashamed that I cannot participate in camp activities and keep to myself because of the jeers. 
A 17-year-old girl said that a young man she knew took her home to his grandmother when she arrived Maiduguri from Dikwa in mid-2014: 
He told me he wanted to marry me, and his grandmother referred to me as her grandson’s wife. I lived with them, cooking and cleaning the house, until a month later when he disappeared for weeks. The grandmother asked me to leave, promising to come to the wedding… It was a lie. I did not know it but I was already pregnant. Maybe she already saw the pregnancy signs and I was too young to understand. I heard the grandson fled the town because he heard I have given birth. Now I have been left alone to fend for the baby. I don’t know if any other member of my family survived the Boko Haram attack on Dikwa. 
Restricted Movement A 32-year-old woman from the Damasak said: 
Life is terrible here in this camp. For the past three days we have not eaten because there is no firewood to cook the food. To make it worse, they will not even allow us to go out to fend for ourselves. Most times you have to beg the camp officials to intervene with the guards before they will give you the pass to go out. Why will you refuse if any of those people ask you for marriage? You have to survive. 
Another camp resident, a 47-year-old mother of eight from Abadam, a northern Borno town, said: 
We used to get food at least twice a day when I first arrived at the camp in 2014. But now, sometimes we get nothing at all. We can’t even buy food ourselves because they will not let us go out. My relatives in the town have to plead with camp officials for hours before the officials will agree to let them give us some money or foodstuff from the little they have. 
A 20-year-old widowed mother of one at a camp for displaced people said: 
I have been refusing marriage proposals from the men in camp because I see how they are deceiving others. I am just not sure how long I can remain in this situation. The last time I ate was four days ago when the one cup of maize I was given finished. I am suffering because I have no husband or anyone else to assist me. 
A 16-year-old single mother of one in the same camp said: 
Life is difficult in the camp, hardly enough to eat. There is food but whoever gets it, gets it. We are not allowed to go out to find work or get extra food. Sometimes I go to the kitchen to scrape pots to get something to eat. They distribute tickets, some get tickets and some don’t get. If you don’t get a ticket you get no food. The IDP elders distribute the tickets, so they distribute amongst themselves, they make sure their families get first. Usually distribution of tickets take place at odd times such as at midnight. 
If you are not married, you hardly get anything that comes in. Women who have husbands insult us: “If you want to eat in [this camp], you should get married in [the camp] so husbands can get food for you.” 
Military Screening Centers Displaced women from several communities re-captured from Boko Haram by the Nigerian army, including Baga, Bama, and Gwoza, told Human Rights Watch in Maiduguri that the Nigerian military operated screening centers where they interrogated local people to determine how much involvement they had with militants. While some women are screened in a few days, others are interrogated daily for months before being released to a camp. Witnesses said the interviewees were separated by gender, but that male soldiers interrogated everyone. 
A woman who escaped her Boko Haram abductors in Sambisa with her three children while four months pregnant described their reception after an eight-hour trek back to her home town of Bama, then under government control: 
Soldiers were already back in Bama when we arrived. They took us to a primary healthcare center near the entrance into Bama to search and question us. We thought they would soon let us go, but they locked us with other women (about 20 people) for more than three months. They bring us out one by one every day to ask whether we joined Boko Haram freely or they forced us. Many of us were naked or in rags until about one month later soldiers took us to town to search for clothes among the burnt ruins of houses in the town. I was very ill because of the pregnancy. After the third month passed they drove us in lorries to Maiduguri, and dropped off sick ones like me in the hospital. 
A 20-year-old woman who was abducted in Gwoza by Boko Haram, and then escaped, said: 
I was three months pregnant from the Boko Haram fighter that raped me when I escaped Gwoza with my three children. Our relief on arriving at Maiduguri after a two-day trek was crushed when soldiers arrested us. They took us to Giwa barracks, where we saw up to 300 other women and children. Soldiers used to question us every day until my children and I were released four months later. 
There appears to be at least one other screening center around Maiduguri, Human Rights Watch found. A 17-year-old girl from Dikwa was held in a place she described as “a compound with about five buildings just before you enter Maiduguri proper.” She was allowed to receive visitors for the month she was there before being cleared by the military to enter Maiduguri. 
Lack of Mental Health Support for Victims Many of the women and girls interviewed said that their experiences affected their psychological well-being. Some said they had difficulty sleeping, and deliberately isolated themselves to avoid insults and slurs. Many also said they felt constantly angry with their abusers, wishing they could harm them in retaliation. None said they had professional counselling. 
A 30-year-old woman from Gwoza said: 
I feel sad all the time. I am always thinking about all the bad things that have happened to me. Sometimes I cry; at other times I try to resign to my fate. But it is hard. My neighbors in the camp encourage me to pray. That is all I can do, pray. 
A 16-year-old rape survivor said she was always thinking about death, and wished she had the courage to kill herself: 
Nobody comes to this camp to talk to us. We IDPs only have one another, but even that is hard because you do not know who to trust. If you tell them your secret pain or shame, they can use it to mock you later. 
A 28-year-old woman who survived rape and became pregnant by a Boko Haram insurgent said she developed hypertension from constantly thinking about her ordeal and imagining ways she could take revenge on him. Doctors have told her during hospital visits outside the camp to stop thinking about the past so she can get better. She was not referred to a counselor. 
This report was released by Human Rights Watch. Be Sociable, Share!",0
8967,National Guard Deployed in Milwaukee Amid Unrest Over Fatal Police Shooting - The New York Times,"Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin activated the Wisconsin National Guard on Sunday to assist local law enforcement following a night of violence in Milwaukee that began hours after a police officer fatally shot a fleeing armed man there. Angry crowds confronted the police in Milwaukee on Saturday night, setting fires and throwing rocks following the shooting that afternoon. One fire, at a gas station in the Sherman Park neighborhood, burned unattended while gunshots kept firefighters from extinguishing it. Other fires burned at an   store, a beauty supply company and a bank branch. One police officer was hospitalized with a head injury after a brick was thrown through the window of his patrol car, Mayor Tom Barrett said at a news conference early Sunday morning. The police reported just before 3:30 a. m. that order was being restored to the area. In a statement, Governor Walker praised volunteer   efforts on Sunday morning. “This act of selfless caring sets a powerful example for Milwaukee’s youth and the entire community,” he said. “I join Milwaukee’s leaders and citizens in calling for continued peace and prayer. ” Mr. Walker noted that, under Wisconsin law, the shooting was being examined by an independent investigation and asked that people give law enforcement “the respect they deserve for working so hard to keep us safe. ” Mr. Walker said he decided to make the National Guard available to provide assistance upon request after consulting with the mayor of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee County sheriff. Three people were arrested on unspecified charges during the mayhem, in which crowds of at least 200 people filled the streets, said Assistant Chief James Harpole of the Milwaukee police. The shooting and protests come as communities across the nation scrutinize what many see as excessive use of force by law enforcement officers, particularly against black people. Protests broke out across the country last year after a police officer in Madison, Wis. fatally shot an unarmed biracial man. The race and identity of the officer and the man shot and killed on Saturday were not immediately released. Many of the protesters were black, and Alderman Khalif J. Rainey expressed the frustration within the community. “The black people of Milwaukee are tired,” he said. “They’re tired of living under this oppression. “What has happened may not have been right,” Mr. Rainey said, “I’m not justifying that, but nobody can deny that there are racial problems here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that have to be rectified, because if you don’t, you’re one day away. ” The Saturday shooting came after more violence in Milwaukee. Five people were shot and killed overnight Friday, Mr. Barrett said at a news conference recorded by The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel earlier on Saturday. At least two of those occurred near where the officer shot the man on Saturday. The violence overnight Saturday erupted after an officer killed a man who the police said was armed with a semiautomatic handgun and who fled after a traffic stop. The police said two uniformed officers stopped two people in a car at about 3:30 p. m. on Saturday. The police did not provide details on why the car was stopped, though Mr. Barrett said the episode began when police spotted a “suspicious vehicle. ” Both occupants ran from the car. During the pursuit, Mr. Barrett said, an officer ordered the man to drop his gun and fired when he did not, striking the man in the chest and an arm. He said the gun held 23 rounds. The man, described by the police as a    Milwaukee man with a lengthy arrest record, died at the scene. The handgun had been taken in a burglary in March, the police said. The officer was not named, but officials said he was 24 and had been an officer for three years. He was placed on administrative duty. Mr. Barrett appealed to parents to keep their children off the streets in order to restore calm in the neighborhood. “Parents, get your kids home,” he said at the news conference. Mr. Barrett said that the officer was wearing a body camera that he understood to be operating and that the investigation into the shooting would be conducted by the Wisconsin Department of Justice because the case involved a Milwaukee police officer.",0
8968,Illegal Alien Arrested For Trafficking Cocaine In North Carolina,"North Carolina law enforcement officers arrested an illegal immigrant was arrested after he allegedly sold cocaine to an undercover cop. [Jose Humberto   a    illegal immigrant from Mexico, was working with his partner Abel Vega Alcantar,    when they sold an undercover police officer cocaine, according to the News Observer. Together,   and Alcantar were planning on selling 28 to 200 grams of cocaine, police said.    was arrested by law enforcement at a convenience store nearby where he was living, while Alcantar was arrested at  ’s home. Now,   is facing deportation by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency. An immigration judge has already ordered   be deported before the alleged crime. If   is released from the Raleigh prison for any reason, ICE is expected to take full custody of the illegal immigrant. Besides the drug trafficking charges,   is being charged with selling cocaine, possessing cocaine with an intent to sell and using a vehicle to sell cocaine. An additional three felony charges have been filed against the illegal immigrant.   is being held on an $110, 000 bail, while Alcantar is being held on a $150, 000 bail. Drug trafficking and drug sales in Raleigh are primarily controlled by the Mexican drug cartel known as the ‘  Organization,’ according to obtained by Breitbart Texas from the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA). The Sinaloa Cartel also runs smaller operations in the city. Other minor cartels use the community to traffic drugs throughout the region. As Breitbart Texas previously reported, the Velasco Criminal Enterprise (VCE) operates drug rings in the Carolinas, Nevada, New Mexico and across the Rio Grande in Juarez. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
8969,"Blame Government, Not Markets for Monopoly","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner’s competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner’s recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner’s merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and “hostile” takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a “hostile” takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a “franchise” agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the “mainstream” media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve’s inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market, mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve.",0
8970,Earth Sets a Temperature Record for the Third Straight Year - The New York Times,"Marking another milestone for a changing planet, scientists reported on Wednesday that the Earth reached its highest temperature on record in 2016, trouncing a record set only a year earlier, which beat one set in 2014. It is the first time in the modern era of global warming data that temperatures have blown past the previous record three years in a row. The findings come two days before the inauguration of an American president who has called global warming a Chinese plot and vowed to roll back his predecessor’s efforts to cut emissions of   gases. In reality, the Earth is heating up, a point long beyond serious scientific dispute, but one becoming more evident as the records keep falling. Temperatures are heading toward levels that many experts believe will pose a profound threat to both the natural world and to human civilization. In 2015 and 2016, the planetary warming was intensified by the weather pattern known as El Niño, in which the Pacific Ocean released a huge burst of energy and water vapor into the atmosphere. But the bigger factor in setting the records was the   trend of rising temperatures, which scientists say is being driven by increasing levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. “A single warm year is something of a curiosity,” said Deke Arndt, chief of global climate monitoring for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. “It’s really the trend, and the fact that we’re punching at the ceiling every year now, that is the real indicator that we’re undergoing big changes. ” The heat extremes were especially pervasive in the Arctic, with temperatures in the fall running 20 to 30 degrees Fahrenheit above normal across large stretches of the Arctic Ocean. Sea ice in that region has been in precipitous decline for years, and Arctic communities are already wrestling with enormous problems, such as rapid coastal erosion, caused by the changing climate. “What’s going on in the Arctic is really very impressive this year was ridiculously off the chart,” said Gavin A. Schmidt, head of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies in Manhattan, a unit of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration that tracks global temperatures. But Arctic people were hardly alone in feeling the heat. Drought and starvation afflicted Africa. On May 19, the people in the town of Phalodi lived through the hottest day in the recorded history of India, 123. 8 degrees Fahrenheit. El Niño has now ended, and climate scientists almost universally expect 2017 to be cooler than the year before. But the scale of the heat burst has been startling to many of the experts, and some of them fear an accelerated era of global warming could be at hand over the next few years. Even at current temperatures, billions of tons of land ice are melting or sliding into the ocean. The sea is also absorbing most of the heat trapped by human emissions. Those factors are causing the ocean to rise at what appears to be an accelerating pace, and coastal communities in the United States are beginning to spend billions to fight increased tidal flooding. Their pleas for help from Congress have largely been ignored. The finding that a record had been set for the third year in a row was released on Wednesday by three government agencies, two of them American and one British, that track measurements made by ships, buoys and   weather stations. They analyze the figures to correct for known problems, producing an annual average temperature for the surface of the Earth. The national meteorological agency of Japan confirmed the findings in a preliminary analysis. In the British data set, 2016 set a record by only a small amount the margin was larger in the NOAA data set and larger still in NASA’s. NASA does more work than the other groups to take full account of Arctic temperatures, and several scientists said they believed the NASA record to be the most accurate for 2016 for that reason. NASA’s calculations suggested that the planet had warmed by well over a   Fahrenheit from 2013 to 2016. That is a huge change for the surface of an entire planet to undergo in just three years, and it appears to be the largest temperature increase over a   period in the NASA record, which begins in 1880. The findings about a   year were also confirmed by the Berkeley Earth surface temperature project, a nonprofit California group set up to provide a temperature analysis independent of governments. That group, however, did not find that three records had been set in a row in its analysis, 2010 was slightly warmer than 2014. In addition to the surface measurements, satellites are used to measure the temperature of the atmosphere within a few miles of the surface. Two groups that analyze these figures showed a   2016 in data going back to 1978, though in one data set it was a record by only a small margin. Since 1880, NOAA’s records show only one other instance when global temperature records were set three years in a row: in 1939, 1940 and 1941. The Earth has warmed so much in recent decades, however, that 1941 now ranks as only the   year on record. The modern era of global warming began around 1970, after a long stretch of relatively flat temperatures, and the past three years mark the first time in that period that three records were set in a row. Of the 17 hottest years on record, 16 have now occurred since 2000. Two of the agencies that issued Wednesday’s figures, NOAA and NASA, will soon report to cabinet secretaries appointed by   Donald J. Trump, who has expressed doubt about the findings of climate science. In 2012, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter, “The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U. S. manufacturing noncompetitive. ” Fear has erupted within the agencies about whether their data will now be subject to political manipulation. Mr. Trump and his cabinet nominees have given no detailed indication of what their broad climate policies are likely to be, much less how they will manage the scientific enterprise of monitoring the climate. Since he was elected president, Mr. Trump has acknowledged there may be “some connectivity” between human activity and climate change, and he promised to keep an open mind on the subject. On Wednesday, in questioning before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, Mr. Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, said, “I do not believe that climate change is a hoax. ” He did not, however, say whether he believed that Mr. Trump was wrong on climate change. The three   years in a row undercut longstanding claims by a handful of contrarian scientists that global warming stopped after 1998. That argument was never backed by good statistical evidence, but it was highlighted repeatedly in Congress and on the presidential campaign trail in 2016. When the heat buildup in the ocean is taken into account, global temperatures are rising relentlessly. Scientists have calculated that the heat accumulating throughout the Earth because of human emissions is roughly equal to the energy that would be released by 400, 000 Hiroshima atomic bombs exploding across the planet every day. It is true that at the Earth’s surface, the warming seems to be proceeding in fits and starts. “The arc of global warming will be variously steep and less steep,” said Richard Seager, a climate scientist at the   Earth Observatory of Columbia University. “It never stopped. ” In fact, the rate over time has been reasonably close to predictions that scientists first offered decades ago. Those same scientists have long warned that humanity is courting disaster by failing to bring   emissions under control. For example, many experts on sea level believe that a rise of 15 or 20 feet has already become inevitable, though they cannot say how fast it will happen. A rise that large would drown most of the world’s coastal cities without heroic efforts to fortify them.",0
8972,Mark Kelly Renews Vow to Fight National Reciprocity After Shooting of Unarmed Congressman - Breitbart,"On June 16, just two days after unarmed Republican house members were attacked in Alexandria, Virginia, gun control proponent Mark Kelly pledged to fight the national reciprocity legislation that would allow congressmen to be armed for  . [Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) was left in critical condition, and four others were also wounded when the attacker opened fire during Wednesday’s congressional baseball practice. The gunman carried an “assassination” list in his pocket that contained the names of three GOP house members who were at the baseball practice.  GOP lawmakers responded to the shooting by stressing a renewed focus on national reciprocity, with some pointing out that they have concealed carry licenses but cannot keep guns with them because they have to drive into Washington D. C. which has draconian gun control laws. On Thursday, Rep. Thomas Massie ( ) sought to remedy this situation by introducing legislation that would that would force D. C. to recognize the carry permit of every state. In other words, D. C. would adopt national reciprocity. But on Friday, Kelly pledged to stop any effort to pass legislation that would allow   citizens to be armed in this fashion. Speaking to NPR, Kelly said he and his wife are fighting against “concealed carry reciprocity. ” He also vowed to fight efforts to remove “  zones in schools. ” He couched these statements amid a larger discussion of creating a “safer society. ” But the problem —  as Wednesday’s attack showed —  is that barring   citizens from having guns with them for   only makes them vulnerable. Congressional baseball practice attendee Rep. Mike Bishop ( ) said it made them “sitting ducks. ” Kelly spoke in favor of passing universal background checks, claiming that background checks lower crime. He did not point out that the Alexandria attacker acquired his firearms from a Federal Firearm License (FFL) holder, which means he passed background checks to get them. Kelly also failed to note that his wife, Gabby Giffords, was shot by a man who passed a background check to acquire his gun. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
8973,Президент России сообщил о сроках энергообеспечения Крыма,"0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: AP 
""В конце этого года в Крым должна прийти магистральная газовая труба. И с этого момента начнется настоящая, полноценная газификация и электроснабжение уже от собственной генерации: первичный источник — газ. Мы планируем и уже осуществляем строительство электростанции на газе"", — сказал Путин, выступая на организованным ОНФ ""Форуме действий. Крым"" в Ялте. По его словам, ""с этого момента начнется действительно реальная газификация и энергообеспечение всего полуострова, включая Севастополь"". 
Российский лидер также напомнил о том, как прошедшей зимой с Украины на полуостров прекратили поставлять электроэнергию. По его мнению, это было ""преступление против человека"": ""Что касается прекращения подачи воды или вот эта ситуация, связанная с прекращением подачи электроэнергии, — это, конечно, на грани преступления против человека. Взять крупный регион, в котором несколько миллионов человек проживают, и отключить от электроснабжения зимой — это, знаете, очень серьезная вещь"", — сказал глава государства. 
Он подчеркнул, что не понимает, на что рассчитывали те люди, которые отключили энергоснабжение в Крым. 
""Думали, что все встанут на колени и будут просить подачку? Удивительные идиоты"", - сказал Путин. 
Недоумение вызывает и поведение международных правозащитный организаций, которые никак не выразили своего отношения к создавшейся тогда вопиющей ситуации, сказал Владимир Путин. 
""У нас правозащитные организации чего-то воды в рот набрали, язык проглотили и молчат. А на самом деле это же серьезное преступление. А больницы? А дети? А старики? Все молчат, как будто так и надо. Но бог с ними, в конце концов"", — посетовал президент. 
Для исключения подобной ситуации, а именно — обесточивания полуострова, в будущем до конца текущего года в Крым будет проложен магистральный газопровод. 
Кроме того, как рассказывала Правда. Ру, в своем выступлении на форуме ОНФ в Ялте глава государства коснулся и ряда других вопросов. В частности, как заявил президент, до 2020 года Россия потратит более 40 миллиардов рублей на обеспечение Крыма пресной водой. 
""Мы направили на решение этой задачи из федерального бюджета 23 с лишним миллиарда рублей. С 2015 по 2020 г. планируется в федеральной целевой программе по развитию Крыма и Севастополя еще свыше 40 млрд руб."", — сказал Путин. Он также добавил, что эти деньги необходимо израсходовать рационально. ""Федеральные и региональные органы власти эту проблему должны решить и обязательно решат, у меня в этом сомнений нет никаких"". 
Президент также напомнил, что на первых порах проблема с пресной водой на полуострове стояла ""очень остро, особенно после того как наши соседи отключили Крым от Северо-Крымского"". 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
8974,"We Cannot ""Give Trump a Chance""","By Kshama Sawant / counterpunch.org 
In the ten days since the election, several thousand people have phoned and emailed my Seattle City Council office in their fury over my call to shut down Donald Trump’s agenda with massive peaceful protests on Inauguration Day. 
Many messages were from middle- and working-class people who had voted for Trump because they hated corporate Democrats and Hillary Clinton, and mistakenly believed that Trump was going to stand up for the ordinary Americans. Many were also racist and misogynist, saying things like, “You don’t belong here with the bull***t you spew from your c***su**er,” or “Drop dead and go back to turbanville.” 
Call after call, while having zero tolerance for bigotry and threats, my staff patiently explained to the more reasonable Trump supporters that we agree working people have been sold out by corporate politicians. That we completely oppose the bipartisan, big business policies of “free trade” deals like the TPP and NAFTA, corporate tax handouts, and the close ties of both parties to Wall Street. Callers were surprised to learn that while I fiercely oppose Trump, I did not back Hillary Clinton (I campaigned for Bernie Sanders, and later Jill Stein). Many were simply not reachable, as they spewed hate on all those protesting their president-elect. They will have to experience Donald Trump’s policies in office to see him for what he is: a con man and representative of the billionaire class who sold the lie that he will bring back the American Dream. 
My first grim thoughts as I saw some of the horrifying emails was that I will be far from the only person targeted after the dangerous rise of Donald Trump. Bigots are feeling emboldened. Already a surge in bullying and hate crimes has taken place, and the KKK felt confident to hold a rally in North Carolina to celebrate Trump’s victory. 
Disconcerting in a different way have been the hit pieces in local publications like The Seattle Times and The Stranger attacking me and other Stein supporters, and trying to shift blame for the outcome of the presidential election. The Stranger article even went so far as to say that since I didn’t support Clinton, I should not continue to call protests against Trump: that this would be “poor form.” 
But as everyone from prominent Clinton surrogate Robert Reich to the New York Times have more or less acknowledged, in failing to defeat the most unpopular major party candidate in modern American history, the Democrats have no one to blame but themselves. The NY Times editorial board questioned the disastrous strategy of attempting a “Clinton restoration at a moment when the nation was impatient to escape the status quo,” while Reich called for a “new Democratic Party,” and said the election served as a “repudiation of the American power structure, including the old Democratic Party.” 
At every stage of the Democratic Primary, the DNC and party leadership fiercely opposed Bernie Sanders and backed Clinton to the hilt. In the general election, Clinton could have reached out to young and working class Sanders supporters instead of arrogantly assuming she didn’t need them. By choosing to tell the millions of people who have been sold out and disenfranchised by neoliberal policies over several decades that America is “already great,” Clinton received several millions fewer votes than Obama in 2012, including fewer votes from women. 
Now, having assisted Trump’s ascension to the White House, Clinton and this same Democratic Party leadership tell us we should “give him a chance.” But make no mistake, Trump’s success is not “our success,” in spite of Obama’s comments to that effect. And while we would be happy to be surprised by any progressive measures from a Trump administration, we simply have no time to waste in building an organized opposition against the damage he has already vowed to do, including his promise to deport three million immigrants. 
We must bring together millions of progressive workers and young people to build a wall of mass resistance against Trump, and to defend immigrants, women, Muslims, LGBTQ people and all others targeted by his presidency. 
Hundreds of thousands of people have already poured into the streets since November 8th. On the night of the election result, my organization, Socialist Alternative began to organize protests around the country for the next day. More than 50,000 answered that call: in Seattle, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Oakland. Many more protests have followed, as well as dozens of student walkouts, including 5,000 Seattle students on Monday alone. 
Our movement will need to be independent of both major political parties. The Democratic Party cannot be relied on to stop Trump, anymore now than during the election. And to truly defeat the right, we will need to build our own mass party – a party of, by and for the 99% – completely free of corporate cash and corporate influence. 
We have a historic responsibility to fight back against this administration. On January 20th and 21st, activists will be organizing protests and student walkouts across the country. Hundreds of thousands will gather for the Women’s March on Washington DC and to “Occupy Inauguration,” to send a message to the new president that there is no space whatsoever for his bigoted agenda in America. 
I hope you will join us. 
Kshama Sawant is Seattle City Council Woman and member of Socialist Alternative . 3.8 ·",0
8975,Gambling on the Unknowable Trump,"Gambling on the Unknowable Trump November 13, 2016 
Donald Trump’s victory may have shaken up the System but it also revealed a recklessness (or a desperation) among Americans in handing over such immense power to someone so untested, says Michael Brenner. 
By Michael Brenner 
At this moment of unprecedented upheaval, it is striking that some things never change. We are being subject to a tidal wave of interpretation and speculation as to what a Trump administration means for American foreign relations in regard to inter alia Russia, Syria, the Iran nuclear deal, the “pivot to Asia,” trans-Atlantic ties and, of course, Mexico. 
It is entirely natural for a distraught political elite to wonder what comes next from this unstable, quixotic showman who soon will be sitting in the White House. It is neither natural nor appropriate, though, to make believe that Washington in experiencing a transition of power to be approached in standard terms. The unpalatable truth is that we have no idea as to what Trump will do or not do. President-elect Donald Trump. 
Trump’s campaign remarks are the sole evidence available for indications of the direction that he will take. That is an extremely flimsy a basis for forecasting actions abroad. For two reasons. Candidates’ calculated sound bites while running almost never are a reliable guide to their thinking – in its rudimentary form or as it takes shape under the influence of real life conditions and the counsel of advisers. 
Consider Barack Obama, a far more thoughtful, sober and intelligent man. Remember the objective of eliminating nuclear weapons (rather than committing $1 trillion to the development of a more “usable” arsenal). Remember closing Guantanamo and reining in electronic surveillance of Americans. Remember ending the engagement of American troops in the “GWOT” (we now are fighting in 38 places by one means or another). 
Remember “resetting” relations with Vladimir Putin’s Russia to emphasize dialogue. Remember the stated goal of normalizing relations with the Mullahs in Teheran instead of treating them as inherently hostile to America. Remember promoting democracy as the long-term cure to what ails the Middle East (instead, backing full tilt the Gulf autocracies, including Saudi Arabia’s homicidal war on the Yemeni people; Sisi’s oppressive autocracy in Egypt; and Israel’s increasing brutalization of the Palestinians). 
Points of Demagoguery 
Second, Trump’s comments about foreign policy were mere points of demagoguery meant, as with everything else he said, to appeal to the primitive instincts of an aroused audience. There is not the slightest sign that he had thought seriously about any of it. Donald Trump finds serious thinking itself an alien mental activity. Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, one of the few Senate Republicans to support Donald Trump, donning one of Trump’s “Make America Great Again” caps. 
Moreover, he has few experienced advisers in his entourage. Apart from some conversations with retired General Michael Flynn, the off-beat former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the chairman of his national security advisory panel, James Woolsey, former Director of the CIA, his “advisers” have been a collection of odd-balls, non-entities and dogmatists. Woolsey himself is an uber-hawk whose views on all matters of consequence align with those of the neocons, the Cheney-like hard nationalists and Hillary Clinton – and are diametrically opposite to Trump’s much publicized iconoclastic remarks. 
So what we will be seeing between now and the Inauguration, and afterwards, is a mad rush by a horde of aspirants for the power and access to occupy Donald Trump’s mind – if they can find it. 
This is the brutal reality. Since it provides little of substance for the habitual commentators, they are inclined to play a game of make-believe – conjuring supposedly meaningful evidence from what is a kaleidoscope of emotional outbursts and a fantasia of day dreams. 
There is good reason to believe that within six months of Trump’s taking office, when his administrations undertakes its first half-baked measures abroad, the think tank crowd will be writing articles and monographs on “The Trump Doctrine.” 
In other words, the same mentality that helped get us into this mess. Americans have become committed to a new categorical imperative: I sound off, therefore I am. 
If Truth be told, the America we have known and imagined is ended. It never will return. In terms of relations with others, image is of enormous importance. The United States has gained great advantage from being seen as exceptional. From its earliest days, it fascinated and gave inspiration as the first working democracy, as the embodiment of the hope-filled New World, as the land of the common man and common decency. 
Later, as it grew into a world power, it held the allure for many as being somehow beyond the world’s pervasive tawdriness. These images held even as contradicted by slavery and racism, by imperial wars of expansion, by signs of hypocrisy. America did tip the balance in favor of the right side in two world wars; it did demonstrate uncommon magnanimity in its support for German and Japanese reconstruction and democracy. Even when playing the game of power politics, it retained a measure of credibility as the one underwriter and arbitrator to whom others might resort. 
The resulting “soft power” or “soft influence” has been a unique asset. Already dissipated to a high degree over the decades of the Global War On Terror, it now is destined to fade into a shadow of its former self. A blatantly racist, xenophobic, studiously ignorant, and belligerent country cannot retain the respect of other governments or the high regard of their peoples. 
A country so feckless as to choose Trump the buffoon as its President is mocking itself. The negative impact will be compounded as the United States is riven by internal conflicts of all kinds, repressive actions and perhaps another serious economic crisis. 
The damage to America’s standing in the world should hardly be a surprise; yet many are inclined to underestimate the effect. One cannot appreciate what we have become by talking to foreign friends on the Washington circuit, or by listening to the polite regrets of those around the world who are interviewed by the media. Walk the streets of cities abroad for unscripted reactions to this historic act of national self-mutilation. 
We can expect that whoever winds up in senior policy positions in a Trump administration will downplay these intangibles – if they even acknowledge them. In this, they will be encouraged by the tradition of self-delusion that has become a feature of American thinking about its place in the world. 
Think of the Middle East where just about everything that we have been doing since 2001 has been guided by a fantastical view of the region – from Iraq, to Syria, to Yemen, to the Gulf, to Turkey, to Palestine and Israel. 
Divorced from Reality 
This tendency to divorce ourselves from reality so as to perpetuate myths of American omnipotence and superiority is also witnessed at the operational level. Consider these examples: President George W. Bush in a flight suit after landing on the USS Abraham Lincoln to give his “Mission Accomplished” speech about the Iraq War on May 1, 2003 
–The U.S. habitually characterizes anybody who resists our use of force against them as evil and criminal. Thus, the insurgents in Iraq are “anti-Iraqi” forces; the Houthis in Yemen are Iranian proxies, the Palestinians are nothing but terrorists, the Russian population in the Donbas region of Ukraine are Russian commandos directed from the Kremlin with the aim of unraveling all of Europe and NATO, etc. etc. 
–American policy-makers find it convenient to pursue strategies that entail squaring circles. The outcome is predictable. The outstanding case in point is Syria where for four years they have committed themselves to ousting Assad by force while continuing the fight against violent Islamist groups. That has placed us in the absurd position of allying with Al Qaeda (providing indirect material, and indirect political support) while still fulminating about the grave danger of terrorism. 
–We present ourselves as the promoter and well-wisher of democracy while giving unstinting support to oppressive regimes in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and elsewhere while facilitating the ouster of democratically elected reformist leaders in Honduras, Bolivia. Ecuador, Bolivia, Paraguay and Brazil. 
These self-delusional practices have prepared the psychological ground for the grand illusion to come in assuming that the America of Trump will continue to draw the world’s admiration and its deference to American leadership. 
Normalizing Trump 
The inclination to “normalize” the transition in treating Trump, his utterances and his odd-lot entourage as if they somehow could be squeezed into conventional molds is understandable. It is a manifestation of an unwitting coping strategy for coming to terms with the shattering event of his election. 
Americans in general are pursuing a similar psychological strategy for the sake of preserving the conception of themselves and their country deeply rooted in their consciousness. Hence, the impulse to minimize the singularity of this revolutionary development without precedent – not only in the United States but anywhere in the democratic world. This is one instance where American “exceptionalism” is not prized. 
This is a natural reaction to a brutal Truth about Americans – and its dire consequences. For the choice of Trump reveals most Americans as immature and prone to juvenile behavior. To vote for Trump is the ultimate act of political immaturity. 
There are, of course, identifiable reasons why many were drawn to the flamboyant candidate, why his demagoguery resonated, why his exaggerated imagery struck a receptive nerve. However, for that emotional response to translate into the actual selection of this man to be President crosses a critical threshold. 
Children – at times – let emotion rule their conduct. Children only weakly feel the imperative to impose logic and a modicum reason on their impulses. Children disregard consequences. Children overlook the downside in their implicit weighing of the balance in giving in to those impulses or not. Grown-ups do not. 
Immediate satisfaction – at all and any cost – does not eclipse other considerations for adults. Even a child’s tantrum usually lasts no more than ten minutes or so. The tantrum of Trump voters has lasted 18 months. 
That’s pathological – anyway you cut it. Admittedly, some Trump supporters share his perverted view of the world – even if contradicted by his own personal history. Let’s say 12 to 15 percent of the electorate. A larger slice was represented by dyed-in-the-wool Republicans who relished sticking it to the Hillary and the Democrats to such a degree that their thrill at the spectacle overcame their realization that Trump was unfit for the office. Indeed, many probably expected him to lose and, therefore, felt free to go along for the fun of it. 
That leaves roughly 10 to 20 percent of the electorate who placed their emotional gratification above their responsibilities as citizens and above the wellbeing of the Republic. That is the difference between the nearly 50 percent he received and what a broad rejection would represent. They constitute the hard core of the culpable juveniles. 
What about those who could not stand Hillary, who felt an irresistible impulse to express that feeling somehow? Many options were open to them: abstain, vote for one of the minor candidates, go to the gym and exhaust oneself on an elliptical trainer, get drunk, smoke some weed, pick a fight with one’s spouse. Any of these represents more grown-up behavior than voting for Donald Trump. 
By comparison, in France when Jean Marie Le Pen – candidate of the racist far-right party, the Front National – FN, made it into the second round of their presidential election, he and his party were rejected by 82.2 percent of the electorate. In other words, the French rallied together to reject Le Pen. That is what a mature polity does. And Le Pen is sane, albeit a crypto-fascist. 
Michael Brenner is a professor of international affairs at the University of Pittsburgh.",0
8976,"Rio, Trump, African National Congress: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. There have been doping problems, housing problems, sewage problems, torch failures, one arrest of an athlete and a scary virus to contend with, but despite it all, the 2016 Rio Olympics have prevailed. The opening ceremony began at 7 Eastern tonight (Our live coverage is here. ). We’ve got 24 percent of our sports desk at the Games  —   they’re carrying 64 bottles of bug repellent  —   and all eyes will be on the athlete selected to light the caldron. And when Simone Biles, the American gymnast believed to be the best in history, competes, all eyes will be on her check out a detailed interactive on what makes her so good. _____ 2. The American economy is also looking good. The latest jobs report had a lot of positive news: 255, 000 jobs were added last month, wages went up, and more people are looking for, and finding, work. This makes it more likely that the Federal Reserve will raise rates, though probably not as early as September. There’s no question that the strong economy helps Hillary Clinton in her quest for the presidency, our columnist writes. _____ 3. Donald J. Trump was in Iowa and Wisconsin on Friday, while Hillary Clinton, who rarely gives news conferences, spoke at a convention of minority journalists in Washington, taking more questions from reporters than she has in months. This was a tough week for Mr. Trump, including conflicts with prominent Republicans, but it’s nearly impossible for the party to fire him and nominate someone else before the election. On Friday evening, Mr. Trump belatedly endorsed the primary campaign of Speaker Paul D. Ryan, seeking to heal his rift with the party. _____ 4. The United States is on pace to meet and even surpass President Obama’s goal of resettling 10, 000 Syrian refugees in the country by the end of September. Mr. Obama announced the goal in October, and so far, 8, 000 refugees have been allowed into the country despite a fierce political debate that has become a theme of the presidential campaign and despite the refusal of many states to accept them. _____ 5. Don’t call me “honey. ” It’s a sentiment reflected by many female lawyers, who say it’s not rare for them to be addressed by pet names or subjected to grating remarks by male colleagues in the courtroom. Above, Lori Rifkin, a lawyer, said she was “well accustomed” to such comments. A group representing 5, 200 women in law is pushing for the American Bar Association to amend their rules of professional conduct to prohibit harassment and discrimination. The amendment, which has been criticized as inhibiting the ability to speak freely, will come up for a vote on Monday. _____ 6. The party that helped liberate black South Africans from   rule has had its worst election since the end of apartheid. The African National Congress, which was the party of Nelson Mandela, has become mired in corruption. Above, members of the party discussed election results. Two of the most highly contested races, in Johannesburg and Pretoria, were too close to call on Friday. _____ 7. Police in Chicago released video from the night that a black teenager was fatally shot by an officer after crashing a stolen car, but it did not show the moment of the shooting. The officer who shot Paul O’Neal, 18, on July 28 was wearing a body camera, but officials have said it was not recording at the time. A lawyer for Mr. O’Neal’s family called the teenager’s death an execution and accused the police of a  . _____ 8. The United States is 10 months into the rollout of   credit cards, and it seems as if frustration is only growing. Though things are likely to improve  —   more businesses will have chip readers and be able to use them, and the transaction time may get shorter  —   it will remain up to each merchant whether to upgrade, and that awful noise isn’t going anywhere. Maybe it’s time to try a mobile wallet option. _____ 9. The day we’ve been waiting for has finally arrived   …     or so we thought. Frank Ocean’s new album, “Boys Don’t Cry,” was set to be released on Friday, but it has yet to materialize. The album was expected to be released exclusively through Apple music, which gives the artist more control  —   and that makes   musical tinkering possible. The singer is, after all, a notorious and   perfectionist. _____ 10. Eight people have leapt or fallen to their deaths this year from the George Washington Bridge, which connects Manhattan and New Jersey. But last Thursday, a    bicyclist on his way home from work prevented a    man from become the ninth. Julio De Leon, above, cannot recall his exact words but said he told the young man something along the lines of: “Don’t do it. We love you, my heart” before curling an arm around him and, with the help of a bystander who had been taking a photo of the situation, pulled the man back to safety. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
8977,Grappling With My Family’s Identity in a Post-‘Brexit’ Europe - The New York Times,"“Who are you?” I asked my daughter, curious how the concept of identity applied to a      girl living in  “Brexit” London. She looked at me as if I were crazy. “I am Mali,” she said. “Mali Agnes Grace,” giving her full name. What else, I pressed her. She thought hard. “Ein Mensch,” she said. A human. Then: “A mammal. ” We at The New York Times recently asked women around the world to tell us about their decision to keep or change their names when they married. We heard from more than 16, 000 readers  —   many of whom talked about how their names defined them. In a year that has challenged some   building blocks of who I am, it got me thinking about my own family. The name my daughter carries with such easy pride in many ways tells the story of Europe’s transformation from warring Continent to postnational laboratory of peace in which multiple identities, at least for some of us, have been happily layered. Mali is a Welsh name, a tribute to my husband’s visceral Welshness. He grew up in Cardiff, the capital of Wales went to a   school and still frets over every rugby game with England as if it were 1282 all over again and his plucky little nation was fighting subjugation by the English crown. Agnes is a name carried by several women in my German family, not least my paternal grandmother. One of her brothers was killed during a bombing mission to England in World War I, but she welcomed two English    into her family after World War II. Grace is the family name handed down on my husband’s paternal English side of the family. His grandfather, a decorated officer of the British Empire, was captured by the Germans in 1940  —   as his grandmother swiftly pointed out to me the first time we met. “Do you know Laufen?” she asked. “My husband was a prisoner of war there. ” It was one of the rare moments in my life when I was acutely aware of being German. But things have changed. On June 24, I woke up to the news that Britain, my current home, is leaving the European Union. Ever since, my German identity has stopped being an afterthought. I belong to that lucky generation of Western Europeans who did not experience war and were barely touched by the Cold War. I was a child when the Berlin Wall fell, and I came of age in the 1990s, that brief vacation from history before Sept. 11. My generation studied, dated, lived and worked across borders, taking for granted the peace our grandparents had fought for and our parents had harnessed and amplified. My mother marched for abortion rights in the 1970s, and my father was a leader in the 1968 student movement in Berlin that forced open the taboos about Germany’s Nazi past. War is not an abstract concept to him. To this day, the firecrackers on New Year’s Eve remind him of the bombs falling on Hamburg when he was 5 years old. When he reads about Aleppo, his eyes well up. The big debates of my youth centered on   the market economy. Nationalism, nativism, fundamentalism and identity  —   these were concepts that belonged in the 20th century. Or so I thought. Will they now define my children’s future? What will their names and their passports mean to them when they grow up? When we named our children we opted for my husband’s surname, Grace. It had a nice ring to it, we thought. One European name was enough, and so, surely, was one European passport. All three children are British citizens. But as 2016 winds down, given Britain’s decision to quit the European Union, I am applying for their German passports. When I married, I kept my own surname. I was 32 and had been a journalist for eight years. My name was my personal and professional identity. But when I traveled alone with my children, having a different last name from them sometimes raised questions. I eventually added my husband’s last name to my passport, although I do not use it in everyday life. I now find myself wishing that I had given my children my last name as well. A double surname would have been unwieldy, but it would have been European instead of just British  —   and it would have signaled a connection to me. I come from a line of strong women. This, too, is something that has been on my mind this year: Did I let them down by not giving my children my own name? My paternal grandmother, who came from a family of Swabian aristocrats in southwestern Germany, studied medicine just as German women won the right to vote. But when she married my grandfather she had to give up her career, her noble title  —   and her name. My mother studied engineering in the 1960s. She was the first in her family to go to university and the only woman in her class. For a time, she cut her hair short and called herself “Max. ” Being one of the boys, as she put it, kept the sexist jokes at bay. When she married my father, she paid five Deutschmarks for permission to hold a double name  —   with his name first. By the time I got married, in France in 2007, keeping my own name was the default setting on the paperwork. My daughters do not seem to think too much about their gender. One says she wants to become a doctor. The other one a firefighter. So far being female is not a factor in their aspirations. My older daughter, Elena, who is 7 and has been learning about world religions, recently came home from school and announced that she was Muslim. She took off her shoes, got to her knees and pressed her forehead to the kitchen floor (facing south, but no matter). This is how you pray, she explained. (Her sister, Mali, was so impressed that she promptly told the extended family. Asked whether he was Muslim, too, her    Welsh cousin replied: “No. I’m vegetarian. ”) Six months after the Brexit vote, my children’s world remains effortlessly inclusive. We are all mammals. I speak German to them, their father Welsh. Ask them where they are from and they will tell you “Brixton,” our bustling colorful neighborhood in south London. Their friends’ parents are Portuguese, Indian, Catalan, Ethiopian, Nigerian and occasionally even English. But the mood in Britain is changing. And in subtle ways it is changing even at our school, which is in a part of London that overwhelmingly voted to remain in the European Union. This year, an email from the head teacher went around, asking parents to refrain from discussing Brexit in the yard. Passions were running high among some parents. The children, though, are mostly unaware of how the world is turning upside down around them. When my husband explained that many Britons wanted to leave Europe, our older daughter was baffled. “Where do they want to go?” she asked. “Africa?”",0
8978,Ninth Circuit Would Allow 9/11 Hijacker to Sue to Come to U.S.,"The judgment of the Ninth Circuit upholding the temporary restraining order (TRO) against President Donald Trump’s recent executive order restricting travel from seven   countries would have allowed one of the   hijackers to sue the government to come to, or stay in, the United States. [Under the court’s novel theory of legal standing, “injuries” to public universities that result from foreign students and teachers not being able to enter the country give the states standing to sue.  Moreover, the court held that foreigners with visas have due process rights under the Fifth Amendment of the U. S. Constitution, even though the precedent it cited applied to people already in the United States. Those due process rights could also be asserted by states on behalf of people in the U. S. illegally or “who have a relationship with a U. S. resident or   …     institution,” the court held in its ruling. Hani Hasan Hanjour was one of the four pilots in the September 11, 2001 attack. He flew American Airlines flight 77 into the Pentagon, killing 184 people, including everyone on the flight. He was in the U. S. on a student visa, according to the   Commission report. He was from Saudi Arabia, a country not covered by the executive order. By the reasoning of the Ninth Circuit, however, Hanjour would have due process rights to challenge his exclusion from the United States once he had been granted a student visa. His relationship with a U. S. “institution”  —   in this case, an English as a Second Language school in Oakland, California  —   would have been enough to grant him standing. A state could have sued on his behalf even while he was still abroad. Hanjour did not, in fact, attend the English as a Second Language school in California, but resumed flight training in Arizona that he had begun on an earlier visit, the   Commission found. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
8979,"Donald Trump Gives $10,000 To Pastor’s Family","CHILLING: What Netanyahu Is Bracing for Obama to Do During Last Days in Office 
“And most amazingly, I can vote for someone that I know fought for me and called my name so many times,” he continued. “He met my family and gave them a $10,000 gift.” 
He added that unlike Trump, Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton had never once either mentioned him or contacted his family. 
“As a woman who says she stands for women’s rights when she was foreign minister, she never contacted my mom, wife, sister or my daughter,” he wrote. “She never did anything to help when I was in prison as an American pastor who was detained in Iran as a hostage.”   
Read his full post below: 
In another post published two days later, this one about the relation between King Cyrus of Persia and Trump, the pastor added these three powerful words: “Vote for Trump.” 
He also explained how God had chosen King Cyrus to “save Israel” (see the Old Testament book of Ezra) — and how he was now doing the same with Trump.  ",0
8980,"CNN, NYT Reporters Whine After Trump WH Relegates Them to ‘Siberia’ Section - Breitbart","On Friday, mainstream media reporters from the New York Times and CNN whined after President Donald Trump’s White House relegated them to the rear of the Rose Garden during Trump’s press conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis.  “We were in the equivalent of Siberia, no pun intended, when it comes to where we were seated,” CNN’s Jim Acosta reportedly said on Friday evening. “That could be seen as an oversight on the part of the White House staff but it could also be seen as retaliation over the reporting we’re doing over here at CNN. ” CNN’s Wolf Blitzer said it was “outrageous. ” And Acosta, mustering up the courage mainstream media reporters never found while Barack Obama was president, said the poor seating assignments are “not going to deter us from what we’re doing over here. ” Breitbart’s Matt Boyle has described Acosta as “a vehemently   media figure in the heart of the opposition party’s mothership CNN. ” CNN was placed away from the other TV networks in the equivalent of Siberia (no pun intended) at today’s news conference.  —   Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 9, 2017,  Of course, this may just be an oversight by WH staff. But it could also be seen as retaliation for our coverage. I have emailed @PressSec https:  .   —   Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 9, 2017,  Trump has referred to outlets like CNN and the Times as part of the “opposition party” and slammed them for publishing “fake news” based on anonymous sources. The New York Times was sent to the very last row a day after former FBI director James Comey revealed on Thursday while testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee that the Times published a fake news story in February suggesting that Trump’s campaign had colluded with Russians a year before the 2016 election. The White House has put the New York Times in the last row at today’s joint press conference with Trump and Romania’s president pic. twitter.   —   Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 9, 2017,  “In the main, it was not true,” Comey said of the story, which was based on four anonymous sources. “And again, all of you know this. Maybe the American people don’t. The challenge, and I’m not picking on reporters about writing stories about classified information, is the people talking about it often don’t really know what’s going on, and going on are not talking about it. We don’t call the press to say, hey, you don’t that thing wrong about the sensitive topic. We have to leave it there. ” In addition to the Times’ “fake news” story, Comey also revealed that have been “many, many” stories in the mainstream press about the Trump campaign and Russia that have been “dead wrong. ”",0
8981,Blog: We Need To Teach Our Sons That Being Convicted Of Rape Is Wrong,"Email 
Over the past year, a few high-profile court cases involving rape have spurred an intense national discussion on the topic. Whether it was Brock Turner, a Stanford swimmer who was sentenced to six months in a county jail for his rape of an unconscious woman, or Owen Labrie, a student at an elite prep school who raped a 14-year-old classmate but was arraigned on lesser charges, our justice system has tried to convict rapists with varying degrees of success. As a father, I look at these cases, and I can’t help but worry for my children. In times like these, we must take a stand, and we must teach our sons that being brought to trial and then convicted of rape is simply, utterly wrong. 
Our children, and more specifically, our boys, need to know that they should never, under any circumstances, be put in a situation where they could potentially lose a case accusing them of sexual assault. My son knows that, and every parent should make an effort to teach their boys the same. 
Whether they made the vile, unforgivable mistake of having a bad lawyer, calling an unreliable witness, or openly admitting to their crime to an undecided jury, America’s youth must understand that being convicted of rape should never, ever happen. Going to court for sexual assault is one thing, but being declared guilty is quite another, and as responsible parents, we need to do everything in our power to ensure that no child crosses that line, no questions asked. 
Bottom line, we need to do a better job at showing our sons that there is no worse mistake a young man can make than being declared guilty of rape, not now, not ever. 
I don’t care who you are—if you have a son, you need to teach him that being convicted of rape, even just one time, is unforgivable. The truth is, the moment your boy loses a rape trial is the moment that lives are ruined, and there’s absolutely no taking that back. 
As a father of a young man myself, I would not be able to live with myself if he someday went to jail just because of something as easily preventable as a sexual assault conviction. When I look into my 8-year-old Callum’s eyes, the last thing I want to think about is my little guy becoming the type of man who can’t somehow weasel his way out of a high-profile court case, in front of all his friends, family, and the public at large. 
Bottom line, we need to do a better job at showing our sons that there is no worse mistake a young man can make than being declared guilty of rape, not now, not ever. Because if we want this generation of boys to grow into men that we truly take pride in, we have to start teaching them that any young man who gets punished for rape brings shame not only to himself but also to his gender, and this country as a whole. 
So please, don’t wait. Please talk to your son today about his responsibility to never be convicted of rape, and to speak up if he ever sees someone else in danger of being convicted of rape. Our future depends on it.",0
8982,VIDEO: Kindergarten Teacher Keeps Children Calm During Cartel Firefight,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   A kindergarten teacher did her best to keep her students calm as cartel gunmen and police officers engaged in a series of firefights in this border city. [At least six individuals were killed on during the most recent bout of violence that spread fear and terror through this city as cartel gunmen continue to fight for control. As Breitbart Texas reported, two rival factions of the Gulf Cartel have been fighting for control of Reynosa, the fighting has led to at least 42 murdered individuals, including a police officer and one innocent bystander.   On Friday morning, rival factions of the Gulf Cartel began clashing throughout the city. One of the fierce clashes took place near a kindergarten school where young children were forced to huddle under their desks in an effort to avoid being struck by a stray bullet.  A video taken inside one of the classrooms revealed the moment when a female teacher tries to calm down her students.  “There’s a situation of risk so we all have to get down,” the unidentified teacher can be heard in the video trying to calm down the students in Spanish. “Everyone remain calm, nothing bad is going to happen. I am here with you all   …     Keep your little heads covered. ” The teacher continues to calm her students while singing children’s songs. Violent cartel clashes continued throughout the city as rival cartel gunmen fought each other while authorities tried to arrest them. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A. C. Del Angel” from Reynosa, Tamaulipas. ",0
8983,"WATCH: Students Support Religious Freedom for Muslims, Not Christians - Breitbart","Several students at the University of   admit that Muslims should not be forced by law to do business with Christians. Those same students, however, had a hard time agreeing that Christians or conservative Americans have the right to decline work that conflicts with their conscience or religion. [In a viral video published by   nonprofit Alliance Defending Freedom (ADL) students were asked if they support Sophie Theallet’s decision not to dress Melania Trump.  Several students agreed that Theallet  —   one of many fashion designers declining to dress the first family  —   has every right to refuse to dress Mrs. Trump. The students were also asked if a Muslim singer solicited by a Christian church to sing had a right to refuse. Again, the students agreed that the Muslim singer has a right to not sing in a Christian church. “Yeah, if that goes against your religious view, I feel you have a right to turn that down,” one student said. The students also said that a law forcing Muslims to sing inside a Christian church should not exist. When asked if a Christian photographer should be allowed by law to decline to shoot a   wedding, the students appeared torn. “For them,” the ADL notes, “it seems that the freedom to live and work according to your beliefs really depends on what you believe. ” Incidentally, Wisconsin resident Amy Lawson, a blogger and owner of Amy Lynn Photography, is challenging a state law forcing her to take photographs for a   marriage. Watch the full ADL video below: Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
8984,New Alleged Audio: Bill Clinton Encourages Mistress to Hide His Role in Securing Her a State Job,"Getty - Michael Loccisano, Mike Nelson 
Despite the fact that Hillary Clinton is the one running for president, as the election looms ever closer, new details continue to emerge about former President Bill Clinton — particularly regarding his alleged affairs and sexual assaults. 
Gennifer Flowers has long claimed that she engaged in a consensual affair with the former president while he was still governor of Arkansas. The affair lasted some 12 years, according to Flowers, who refers to her former boss as “the love of her life.” 
When she first went public with allegations of the affair, she provided the press with a series of tape-recorded phone calls as evidence. But there was something else in that alleged audio, something that was all but overlooked until Flowers gave a new interview this past week to Breitbart's Aaron Klein. 
In the midst of several conversations regarding a lawsuit alleging that Clinton had engaged in numerous affairs, Flowers also recorded a brief exchange referencing her job. 
The job wasn't anything special on the surface — a clerical position working for the state of Arkansas, making around $17,000 per year. Flowers secured the job just over a year prior to Clinton's run for the presidency. 
But prior to getting the job, Flowers sent a letter in which she told Clinton about her financial troubles. The National Memo reported on the contents of that letter: 
""Gennifer wrote Clinton again on February 25. 'Since we were unable to connect by phone,' the letter began, 'I thought I should drop you a note.' Flowers complained that Gaddy hadn’t been very successful in helping her and that her financial situation was dire. She enclosed a copy of her lawyer’s letter threatening to sue the radio station, and closed by asking Clinton to 'Please, be in touch.' 
Three months later, Gaddy sent Flowers to the Arkansas Merit System to be tested for an administrative assistant position that paid $17,524."" 
As Clinton prepared his campaign for the presidency, he and Flowers spoke again on the phone — after a woman in her office had complained that she was more qualified for the job — and Flowers again allegedly recorded their conversations : 
GF – But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It’s just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, “Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,” and then uh, “they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there."" 
BC – Good for you. 
GF – Well the only thing that concerns me, where I’m, where I’m concerned at this point is the state job. 
BC – Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you’ve just been looking for one, you’d uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you’d talked to me about it, you can say no. 
GF – Well and I would. But I’m… here is the thing I’ve got to consider, too, is I’ve gotta go in there to work every day. You know what I mean? 
BC – Yep. 
GF – And if, and if these people start talking or someone in the press… 
BC – Well, have they been nice to you there? 
GF – Yeah they have been. But I don’t, you know, I mean, I just want you to know what’s going on. And I’ll be glad to hang in there. 
BC – Has the, has the… 
GF – But if it gets real… 
Clinton did eventually admit to having sexual relations with Flowers, though he insisted there had only been a single encounter. 
Flowers, who has never been a fan of Hillary Clinton's, has come out in recent months in support of Donald Trump. She was one of the women Trump invited to sit in the front row during the debates in an effort to make the Clintons uncomfortable. 
You can listen to Klein's interview with Flowers below: ",0
8985,"Prime Minister of France says, “if we grant immediate asylum to illegal alien Muslim invaders, by tomorrow they will be speaking French and sharing French values”","Lincoln Applegate Hahn November 4, 2016 @ 6:30 pm 
We’ve seen your “French Values”…. and they are the problem …. comme ci comme ca (like this and that) ? Etti November 4, 2016 @ 6:09 pm 
What a foolish man! He believes that accepting migrants and teaching them to learn French will see them in the French Parliament. Of course you will and they will be forcing sharia law on to the French population not making the country more civilised. Lisa November 4, 2016 @ 6:03 pm 
Because rightly or wrongly, people project their view of the world onto others.We live according to the golden rule and don’t do to others that which we do not want them to.do to us. Many cannot fathom or conceive just how vile the followers of the murderous paedophile can be. It’s incomprehensible. Even animals that have been traumatised and abused don’t behave like that when rescued. Europeans have mostly been peaceful for the last 70 years because they made a concerted effort to live in peace and to uphold dignity of life and human rights. That came at a price. Followers of the paedophile savage are socialised differently. They are pathetic and emotionally infantile. In the West we are taught to take personal responsibility for our actions. They are taught to blame everyone but themselves often turning victims into the guilty in the case of raped women. In the West violent displays of anger are frowned upon and we are taught to apologise for our wrong doIngs. Muslims have a warped and messed up sense of honour. An honour they will gladly kill their families to restore. In short they accept everything that is a crime in our countries as somehow permissible. Incompatible. In the West they are given human rights they don’t deserve and freedoms they can’t handle. Proven recipe for disaster. You have to be very very naive to believe that people who are fed a steady diet of intolerance, opression and hatred since birth will miraculously change just because they cross a border from hell hole to civilsed country. It should be obvious by now that Muslims born in europe cannot be integrated so what hope do we have integrating the rest. Nicolai sennels wrote a great paper on why islam is prone to creating monsters. Puts it all into perspective and is a must read in my opinion.",0
8986,Black Students at University of Michigan Demand Segregated Space,"Students4Justice, a student activist group at the University of Michigan, is demanding campus officials provide them with “a permanent designated space on central campus for Black students and students of color to organize and do social justice work. ”[The student activists are disappointed with school administrators and launched a petition aimed at University President Mark Schlissel. They claim he has shown “lackluster leadership” in “protecting the safety” of   students on campus.  The activist group spent the last month marching on campus, holding   and even protested outside of Schlissel’s home “in the middle of the night. ” “Our president has blatantly ignored us and it is time for us to speak up. We have been told that our demands are ‘rude,’” states a Facebook post. “We are calling on someone to care about students’ concerns and to lead us with integrity and help us fight against the oppression and hateful acts that try to destroy us and our community. ” The Michigan Review  —   an independent student news outlet that first reported Student4Justice’s list of demands  —   reports the group’s insistence on a segregated space for students of color to launch social justice projects is raising eyebrows, given that the university has already begun construction on a $10 million center for   students in the center of campus. “The same organization that criticizes the University for failing to create ‘an environment that engages in diversity, equity and inclusion,’ is calling upon the University to undermine these ideals by facilitating a sort of de facto segregation? One where space and resources are designated for students based solely on the color of their skin?” the Michigan Review reported. “To advocate for the ideals of diversity, equity and inclusion, while simultaneously calling upon the University to sanction these spaces on campus is both unprincipled and laughably regressive. ” Students4Justice’s list of demands, the College Fix reports, insists that school administrators offer  “‘marginalized” students ‘when oppressive attacks occur,’ increasing the affirmative action of ‘Black, Arab, and other PoC’ in tenured faculty, more readily alerting students on campus of ‘bias incidents,’ and offering more financial aid for those of lower socioeconomic status. ” “Our president has blatantly ignored us and it is time for us to speak up. We have been told that our demands are ‘rude,’” states a Facebook post. “We are calling on someone to care about students’ concerns and to lead us with integrity and help us fight against the oppression and hateful acts that try to destroy us and our community. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
8987,Re: Rail Traffic Depression: 292 Union Pacific Engines Are Sitting In The Arizona Desert Doing Nothing,"Rail Traffic Depression: 292 Union Pacific Engines Are Sitting In The Arizona Desert Doing Nothing   May 4th, 2016 
We continue to get more evidence that the U.S. economy has entered a major downturn. Just last week, I wrote about how U.S. GDP growth numbers have been declining for three quarters in a row , and previously I wrote about how corporate defaults have surged to their highest level since the last financial crisis . Well, now we are getting some very depressing numbers from the rail industry. As you will see below, U.S. rail traffic was down more than 11 percent from a year ago in April. That is an absolutely catastrophic number, and the U.S. rail industry is feeling an enormous amount of pain right now. This also tells us that “the real economy” is really slowing down, because less stuff is being shipped by rail all over the nation. 
One of the economic commentators that I have really come to respect is Wolf Richter of WolfStreet.com . He has a really sharp eye for   in the economy and in the financial world, and I find myself quoting him more and more as time goes by. If you have not checked out his site yet, I very much encourage you to do so. 
On Wednesday, he posted a very alarming article about what is happening to our rail industry. The kinds of numbers that we have been seeing recently are the kinds of numbers that we would expect if an economic depression was starting. The following is an excerpt from that article … 
Total US rail traffic in April plunged 11.8% from a year ago, the Association of American Railroads reported today. Carloads of bulk commodities such as coal, oil, grains, and chemicals plummeted 16.1% to 944,339 units. 
The coal industry is in a horrible condition and cannot compete with US natural gas at current prices. Coal-fired power plants are being retired. Demand for steam coal is plunging. Major US coal miners – even the largest one – are now bankrupt. So in April, carloads of coal plummeted 40% from the already beaten-down levels a year ago. 
Because rail traffic is down so dramatically, many operators have large numbers of engines that are just sitting around collecting dust. In his article, Wolf Richter shared photographs from Google Earth that show some of the 292 Union Pacific engines that are sitting in the middle of the Arizona desert doing absolutely nothing. The following is one of those photographs… 
As Wolf Richter pointed out, it costs a lot of money for these engines to just sit there doing nothing… 
These engines are expensive pieces of equipment. When they just sit there, not pulling trains, they become “overcapacity,” and they get very expensive. Then there are engineers and other personnel who suddenly become unproductive. Some of them have already been laid off or are getting laid off. 
All over the world, similar numbers are coming in. For example, the Baltic Dry Index fell 30 more points on Wednesday after falling 21 on Tuesday. Global trade is really, really slowing down during the early portion of 2016. What this means on a practical level is that a lot less stuff is being bought, sold and shipped around the planet. 
It is becoming increasingly difficult for authorities to deny that a new global recession has begun, and at this moment we are only in the very early chapters of this new crisis. 
Another thing that I watch very closely is the velocity of money. When an economy is healthy, people feel pretty good about things and money tends to circulate fairly rapidly. For example, I may buy something from you, then you may buy something from someone else, etc. 
But when times get tough, people tend to hold on to their money more tightly, and that is why the velocity of money goes down when recessions hit. In the chart below, the shaded areas represent recessions, and you can see that the velocity of money has declined during every single recession in the post-World War II era… 
During the last recession, the velocity of money declined precipitously, and that makes perfect sense. But then a funny thing happened. There was a slight bump up once the recession was over, but then it turned down again and it has kept going down ever since. 
In fact, the velocity of money has now dropped to an all-time low. The velocity of M2 just recently dipped below 1.5 for the first time ever. 
This is not a sign of an “economic recovery”. What this tells us is that our economy is very, very sick. 
And we can see evidence of this sickness all around us. For instance, the Los Angeles Times is reporting that homelessness in Los Angeles increased by 11 percent last year, and this marked the fourth year in a row that homelessness in the city has increased… 
Homelessness rose 11% in the city of Los Angeles and 5.7% in the county last year despite an intensive federal push that slashed the county ranks of homeless veterans by nearly a third, according to a report released Wednesday . 
The increase marks the fourth consecutive year of rising homelessness in L.A., as local officials struggle to identify funding for billion-dollar plans they approved to solve the nation’s most intractable homeless problem. 
Let us also not forget that about half the country is basically flat broke at this point. 
Just recently, the Federal Reserve found that 47 percent of all Americans could not pay an unexpected $400 emergency room bill without selling something or borrowing the money from somewhere. 
With numbers such as these being reported, how in the world can anyone possibly claim that the U.S. economy is in good shape? 
It boggles the mind, and yet there are people out there that would actually have you believe that everything is just fine. 
The current occupant of the White House is one of them. 
With each passing month, the real economy is getting even worse. We may not have slipped into a full-blown economic depression just yet, but it is coming. 
For now, let us be thankful for whatever remains of our debt-fueled prosperity, because we don’t deserve the massively inflated standard of living that we have been enjoying. 
We have been consuming far more than we produce for decades, but it won’t last for much longer. And when those days are gone for good, we will mourn them bitterly. A New Digital Cash System Was Just Unveiled At A Secret Meeting For Bankers In New York » alan 
Somebody will go out there and strip the copper out of them. The railroad then can write them off on insurance, problem solved. Jim Speaker 
I bet A lot of those engines get graffitied soon. Randy 
The spot price of copper is too low right now to make it worthwhile. Have you ever seen how difficult it is to take wire out of a motor or generator? It’s not like peeling a grape. The health of the economy of any nation can be gauged by the price of its copper. Scarcity of copper due to it being used for motors, generators and conductors in conduits makes the price go high, lack of expansion means the price will be low. Outside of industrial use and as a medium of exchange, there’s not much use for copper. Except in the brass used for bullet casings. On our last scrap metal run down to the recycling place, we got $20.71 for 550 pounds of scrap iron. Pitiful. greyprepper 
Don’t go giving me ideas now! I’m reformed by golly. Fiona 
Nobody tells us, but we’re in a deep recession. And with either Trump or Clinton as next president, there is no hope for a change. (I really wonder if Sanders could do a better job). Bring the popcorn and the camping seats, the economic collapse is about to begin. K2 
Sad that you find this entertaining. Scott Comin 
the shadow government controls it all!!! they give us entertainment every four years so we can hope for the change that never happens!!! Steeve Girard 
We are in this mess because of Abrahamic beliefs. Steeve Girard 
That is true, rotating politicians will not solve the problem, nor will they be willing to enforce an un-democratic change to the social order. The system will have to be abolish to repair society and adapt it to the new reality of a low energy world. It is unlikely to happen until we are totally immobilized. DareToCreateYourBestLife 
I see many people dying in this world before harmony is restored in a “low energy world”. Nature of humankind… ALWAYSTOMORROW 
Your article looks very similar to this one. 
investmentwatchblog dot com /freight-rail-traffic-plunges-haunting-pictures-of-transportation-recession/ 
Interesting SunnyFlaSnotress 
off topic: I know one of our “buddies” was planning a vacation, but Rorschach has been interestingly absent. hmm..   I wish a few others would have gone on vacation with them too. Robert 
There is no telling when the locomotive photo was taken. That is a mainline track. Unused engines are stored in large train yards where they are kept maintained until used or sold off. I doubt they are stored in AZ as aircraft. Google photos can be years out of date. 
I am not doubting the numbers for freight traffic decline but the photo is not evidence. Jim Speaker 
I know where those locomotives are stored at. They are stored on the old Southern Pacific out of service Pheonix line east of Wellington,AZ. I took A picture of A few trains their back in 1996. Amtrak used to use that line. When the SP/UP merger came in 1996 it was abandond. Stephen 
There is 50 to 70 maybe more BNSF train engines that have been sitting near downtown Oklahoma City for the last two months or more. While I agree that it is sad about the economic state of the country I have no sympathy for that criminal fraudster Mr. billionaire himself Warren Buffet that got a bailout from the tax payers back in 2008. Yup he Berkshire Hathaway owns BNSF and Union Pacific too I believe. He makes money as those goods move down the railway. Why do you think he fights that trans atlantic pipeline because competition is a sin. Steeve Girard 
That means the QE money keep falling into vaults, and never comes out. Especially the Treasury vault. Once in there it can only do one thing, pay the Treasury Bonds that are coming back from the BRICS countries, which makes it disappear. The black holes they tried to fill (with QE programs) and never was able to blow it away from existence are still there, and are still doing damages to the economy. . And with the energy crisis increasing, new black hole vaults have started to appear around the world, because they are trying to decouple the US dollar from the energy sector. Richard 
“Global trade is really, really slowing down” 
Really really? I haven’t seen this double repetition for months (a couple of years, maybe). Please don’t let it creep back again. Barry Goldwater 
Am I wrong or shouldn’t the content be the focus in the comment section ? Having said that I can say I read this article and as usual applaud Michael for getting news out that goes unmentioned by the lame stream media. Personally I’ve been on the net for years and found the “Grammar Police ” a bit obnoxious to say the least. Michael is doing a superb job and my hat’s off to him. Jomine Jose 
They went the way of the MarcoBird. rentslave 
On the other hand,Powerball sales almost doubled since the last drawing.It seems that many TV stations show the drawing before the 11 PM news once it passes a certain point,proving that many affluent people still exist.It’s still taking an inordinate amount of time to reach that level as the regular street players are just about tapped out. K2 
Coal is slowing down because of natural gas. tom 
Let’s not forget that the EPA under the president’s direction is going after the coal industry too. I remember Hillary Clinton saying earlier this year that she would basically kill the US coal industry. SmallerGovNow2 
and then she just recently said, “that’s not what I meant”. what a lying POS she is… tom 
Now I know that you have a highly developed sense of humor. Have you begun searching for a puppy? SunnyFlaSnotress 
I can think of something better to worship than one’s self or a government. SunnyFlaSnotress 
Does this ring a bell, Snotty? 
A god complex is an unshakable belief characterized by consistently inflated feelings of personal ability, privilege, or infallibility. A person with a god complex may refuse to admit the possibility of their error or failure, even in the face of irrefutable evidence, complex, or intractable problems or difficult or impossible tasks, or may regard their personal opinions as unquestionably correct. The individual may disregard the rules of society and require special consideration or privileges. 
And just whom is this paragraph describing? 
Here’s a hint: Hillary is NOT God! 
…She is GODESS!….(compliments of rarefied snotress) arresun 
There is no Hillary 😀 Richard O. Mann 
Obama said pretty much the same thing. He has been after coal for some time. It’s responsible for climate change and has to go. Steeve Girard 
All fossil fuels are slowing down due to quality and EROEI. We have now reached the commercially non-viable level 8:1… In 2030, we will reach the industrial non-viable level 5:1… that is when you will realize that industrial society just died. Priszilla 
No money nothing to buy. Current “economy” lives from ammo and derivatives. billtheguy 
As the movie “The Big Short” says “the music hasn’t stopped, its just slowing down.” This time around, it will slow down to almost stopping. Get prepared spiritually and economically. Steeve Girard 
The Limits to Growth scenario (Business as Usual) scenario is still on course. It all points to an energy crisis in 2030, that is when everything will go hectic. dauden 
How do you “get prepared spiritually”? When times are good ignore your soul but when times are about to get ugly, get spiritual? Explain please. SunnyFlaSnotress 
“U.S. rail traffic was down more than 11 percent from a year ago in April.” Oil dropped in Nov 2014. A few months gave people time to believe the drop wasn’t a blip and trucking went into higher gear with new lower gas prices, passing the savings onto the clients. Hence, trucking likely gained more popularity for shipping some items. “This also tells us that “the real economy” is really slowing down” It’s inordinately skewed to make that statement without showing a traffic comparison chart of trucking vs railing during that timeframe. p.s. waves and kisses to my adoring fans 😀 Ricardo 
Stop blowing your snot everywhere you gross person SunnyFlaSnotress 
Ricardo the Beaner starts the day on a good note Bill 
Thanks for sharing your intelligence, now leave it at that and ignore the insults. SunnyFlaSnotress 
BillTheController took several moments to think of the right compliment for me. Bill 
At the end of the day, it’s all just a game. Willard Ferch 
The surge was already there. Diesel is still relatively cheap. If there were buyers, there would be tons of shipping. Sales are needed to create the shipping. The Lord loves you and all Christians love you. They may disapprove of your life-style and your ideology, but they still love you. Fiddlin SunnyFlaSnotress 
The surge was building momentum Richard O. Mann 
That should be “may no god bless you”. Just keeping you constant there Sunny. SunnyFlaSnotress 
No, no no.. it’s “G0ddess Bless You” Richard O. Mann 
Another cut & paste for you to display. Nothing from that pea brain of yours SunnyFlaSnotress 
The majority was in my words or otherwise quoted unlike BarkingBill NCA who just copies others’ work w/o acknowledgement Mark 
Remember everyone we need push the flag button on Sunny the Honey. Bill and I are doing so please join the party. SunnyFlaSnotress All_has_An _END_. 
attention attention you must be fat and ugly and lonely and confused , and that is a good thing K2 
I have seen her in real life and she is slim and beautiful. cuchulain 
But with big ol’ stained fangs. Ouwy wowy ow ow !! arresun 
Trains use diesel as well cuchulain 
Yo Snotty !!!! Very good. I like that someone did some fact checking. Now, be a good girl and find out the trucking volume stats the last 2 years. Go ahead. We’ll be here when ya get back :–). 
Seriously… good job. Not sure it changes the big picture, though. Zaphod Braden 
Eerily close – Who is John Galt? 😉 watchmannonthewall 
Maybe if Trump is elected TPTB will close up shop and just disappear and leave the good old US of A to fend for itself since voters didn’t want to go along with their program. History repeats. Oh, sorry! That first was the book! sistersoldier 
I think the bomb shell that Trump dropped after winning the GOP nomination left a bad taste in the mouths of his supporters. He reported that he is not self funding the general election but rather will put together a finance committee with ties to George Soros to help raise the money to defeat Hillary. I’m not sure but I think that some are suffering a hangover this morning as it is now apparent you cannot be a DC insider with out enlisting DC aid. Only the future will tell the whole story. But you are correct about the book. 😀 watchmannonthewall 
Don’t know if you ever heard of Larry Burkett, was a mentor of Dave Ramsey. He wrote one novel, “The Illuminati” about 1990 before his death. Seems a lot of what was in the book are actually being played out in events of today in the US. 
It will be very interesting, and seems most likely, if Trump were to chose a running mate with strong ties to inside the Beltway and spcifically (though not actually known) with the elite. In the book, the president the people wanted but the elite didn’t, was forced to chose a female VP the elite wanted and then they orchestrated events such that the Pres had to step down and, wow, they still got what they wanted! Interesting times!! sistersoldier 
Wow! That is compelling! No I am not familiar with Larry Burkett but I most certainly will search to see if one of my local libraries has the novel you mentioned. If I am able to find it I will work it in with my fishing trip this weekend – if the fish are not biting I will be gearing up for the next leg of this race. We must enjoy the simple things while they last. Thanks for the heads up! watchmannonthewall 
If I remember correctly Larry said, in the Forward, the only reason he wrote the book was because so many Christians were asking him to write a novel where he would lay out the events he thought would be most likely to occur to bring the anti-christ to power. When I read the book I sensed the content may have been prompted by the Holy Spirit, and Larry may have been more acccurate on events than he could have hoped for or dreamed. Funny thing is, I came across the book as a throwaway, cleaning out lockers, at an assembly plant I worked at 15 years ago. I need to get it out again and reread it. The book started with a major earthquake in Japan. sistersoldier 
I must find it! You appear to be a fellow truth seeker and the similarities to what is going on today appear to be striking to say the least. There is just too much going on in the world today and so much has been hidden from the masses that the truth is often buried in our past or by those who were not afraid to print what the Holy Spirit was leading them to do for a time such as this! Good information and good post! Bill 
It is great to read good economic discourse and understand the true picture. Now let’s get to some solutions. Chris 
Work hard. Stay out of debt. Save . greyprepper 
And don’t forget to PREP! 😉 All_has_An _END_. 
Great advise. I have done the last 2 for years. 
The first one, not so much. Guest 
For some, staying out of debt and saving is hard work (as in self-discipline). If you fit in either one of those two categories, then you can say the first one applies to you, too. grumpyhillbilly 
Between the decades of lousy education and mass drug use, there is no simple fix. Steming the inflow of poverty might be a good start. End the war on men, especially white ones, would be another. And killing the Fed. Chris 
Forget the trains!! What about the super volcano in the Yellowstone? The Zika virus? Jade Helm? The Illuminati? The housing bubble? The Fed? Low interest rates? Oil bubble? AAAAGGG Evan Elliott 
My thoughts exactly. Such a confluence of events all at once…. Richard O. Mann 
Information overload. Oh yeah, that is problem too. Yes, it is an exciting time to be alive. Something about the tech market bubble deflating on one of the morning report programs. May have been Fox. Think I’ll take a nap. Gay Veteran 
not to mention outrage overload CASTIEL 
one problem at a time friend K 
In my area it was defiantly the war on coal, that killed the trains. Coal trains was about all that ran on the line. In my case it was CSX that was involved. Quite a few people were laid off. Because it ended up closing a repair shop for the railroad. People do not understand why Trump has the support, he has. Simple, people are sick and tired of D.C. making decisions, that cost them their jobs. It is really just that simple. When D.C. boasts they shut down the coal industry. You will have to excuse coal men, and railroad personnel for not cheering. SmallerGovNow2 
great post k, thanks… Steeve Girard 
Even if the coal men did decide, it would not last long, because the coal they would produce would not be in acceptable standards for the buyers, for very long. K 
Would have to disagree, because I lived it. I live in the smoky mountains in Tn. Every winter, I could tell you how cold it was in Virginia, by how much smoke was in my area. This was from the coal fired electrical plants. Then around 2010 it all changed. The latest filters were installed on the stacks, and you know what. They worked. I seldom saw smoke during the winter. When it was cold enough. The ice went from opaque to being perfectly clear. But they had already decided to kill coal. So no amount of improvement mattered. The simple fact is. Once D.C. makes a decision, no amount of facts will make a difference. Their arrogance knows no bounds. sistersoldier 
Yes indeed ‘K’ I agree. States such as Indiana, Kentucky, Virginia(s) are all under the same mandate by the “EPA” (supposedly) to reduce carbon emissions 32% by the year 2030. Converting the coal plants to natural gas which is reported to be cheaper and cleaner energy is underway where I live and near completion. There are trains collecting rust in my town as well. There is also a spike in my area of solar powered energy. Solar panels and equipment sales are soaring. Currently under construction are solar powered businesses, hotels, homes, new police station and state of the art hospital. I am not surprised to see the trains parked as they say “the only thing that is constant is change.” jsmith 
Coal is an asset that this country has relied on for ages. And as you pointed out, much cleaner, and through the process of hydrogenation a cleaner gasoline than fracking can be made. I just can’t understand if the Germans were relying on hydrogenation during WW2, why haven’t we done it? Steeve Girard 
It does not matter where the mercury ends, in the environment or the filters as you say. It’s the quality of coal that is the problem: it’s EROEI, Coal is getting more and more costly to produce and contains more impurities with passing time. It is only a matter of time before, it’s grade is not acceptable. Mark 
Good observation and agree. mtntrek3 
Coal will always have a part in the energy sector, but I’m not seeing it returning to levels in the days of yesteryear. I’ve suffered job losses because of the downturn in coal as well. The thing is all of the shale gas production has brought natural gas cost down considerably in the country, and of course gas burns cleaner. It has an unfair advantage in that respect over coal easily. We need some suitable substitutes for the coal industry jobs lost in the country for sure. If corporate greed would stand aside to allow our jobs to come back to the country……. it would be a big help. We manufacture little of what we use/consume in the country. Globalism is another factor in all of this. God help. Mike_Travis 
Coal would be much less expensive were it not for the insane regulations that no one else in the world follows. Besides, it is NOT a function of the government to choose winners and losers in the market, nor is it within their power to CREATE losers which they frequently do. 
Globalism is the driving force behind all this mess which is why we are in this mess as governments everywhere WANT a collapse so they can force their criminal NWO on us all, then rule over us as subjects, NOT citizens. mtntrek3 
Yes…. globalism being pushed by the powers that be in this world the main problem. We don’t need all the reg’s on coal , but some are needed to keep pollution down. Nat. gas very cheap now and burns cleaner that coal that’s been scrubbed…….. so that’s why coal is hurting so much now. Coal may make somewhat of a comeback in the future depending on what happens to gas production and geopolitical events here/worldwide. XSANDIEGOCA 
“How did you go bankrupt?” 
Two ways. Gradually, then suddenly.” – Hemingway 
We have been through the Gradual part. We may be on the cusp of the Sudden Part. Guest 
Excellent post. Many “suddenlies” yet to happen. sistersoldier 
“It is easier, more delightful, and more profitable to build with other peoples’ money than our own.” 
So now we are beginning to see what happens when the powers that be run out of OTHER peoples’ money. The economy derails and stalls. David 
There is an old saying about putting lipstick on a Pig and it’s still a pig. I think Obama & our economists that are so optimistic about our economy are running out of lipstick. Deny what you can & downplay what you can’t seems to be DC Policy these days. as much as I love my country & miss the days of prosperity I would rather be told the Ugly truth about what is happening with our economy than to be lied to on a daily basis. Randy 
  that truth since 1996, the year I found out just how the world wide fiat paper currency/electronic bookkeeping entry financial system scam is actually set up and runs! And who wanted to listen to me and take real steps to get out of the way of that runaway train that is going to fly off the rails when it hits the curve? NOBODY!! Everyone I talked to said that I was a nut job, didn’t know what I was talking about, et cetera, except for one guy. He did some preps, but then let life get in the way and undid most of it. Now he and his family are left standing nearly naked out in the cold night air. 1996 was also the year I wrote my first treatise on the subject, called What is Money? and it was ignored by most whom I shared it with. Steeve Girard 
You can’t make blind people read or deaf people hear. Randy 
Yes, I have seen that over and over again. But I still do my best to give them sight and make them hear. Mark Sivad 
Where I live in South Texas, I see many fairly new tank cars and bottom-dropping bulk carriers similarly stockpiled in places they never have been before (causing some local cities to complain). Must have been a tremendous over-building in all aspects of rail in recent years. LIZ THE SHIZ 
my future son in law just got back from Barcelona which is one of the busiest ports in the world and the commercial side was completely shut down , something’s going on??? jox 
They keep changing the way GDP is calculated, so perhaps we will never see another recession, no matter what the true economic output is. Joltin Joe 
All the government numbers are HIGHLY manipulated at best, and flat out lies most of the time. DareToCreateYourBestLife 
All statistics coming from DC are manipulated now. John 
Living in Arizona I have seen these train engines, what a sight. Scott Pease 
But, you ain’t seen nothing yet. Bu,bu,baby,you ain’t seen nothing yet. TellTheTruth-2 
I made the same observation when I saw over 100 engines sitting idle in the Roseville, California Union Pacific freight yard. BIGOTIST 
Rail workers? another “special” group of overpaid, over benefitted extortionists- Hopefully the thieves will all lose their job?~ JustBill 
If the train derailment risk calculation uses these metrics: number of active locomotives, and miles logged by locomotives with no change to maintenance of both locomotives and rail equipment then we may see fewer train derailments. I’ve found a bit of sunshine in the storm. All_has_An _END_. 
Make no mistake about it ,after the election it is all down hill. I also think the elites will do anything to stop Trump. We could see a major revolt if Hitlary wins JustBill 
The largest overcapacity of any productive item on the planet is the human. JustBill 
If the American household is the center of the American economy, then the products and services it purchases, the wages earned by and the taxes/rent from collected from would drive the economy. 
If the economy and financial systems were not artificial then I think Production and Consumption would be shackled together. 
We’ve been provided data that displays the retail slowdown, slowdown of both CONUS and OCONUS shipping, decreasing velocity of money, and many traditional concrete indicators of activity and economic health and all are trending down. 
Collapse or not nothing financial or economically appear to be healthy. 
Is this the new normal? Are we treading Water? Ex Tempus 
….these idle trains should be transporting all of the hot selling Government Motors cars, throughout North America! toktomi 
I would offer that you probably should verify your source information before generating conclusions based on that information. 
As best as I can deduce from investigating the images of the engines, these pictures are two or three years old. I am not offering that as fact but merely as the best information that I can find in short order. 
~toktomi~ jamesgwolfe 
Come on you guys. They have put out there for some R&R and to soak up some rays. mister_roboto 
The same would be true if a caucasian member of the other major party were sitting in the Oval Office right now. Obama is as bought and paid for as nearly any other politician, so he says exactly what he is payed and commanded to say. The Kool-Aid drinkers of both of the major parties who are in the economic top 20%, as well as those who identify with them, have been increasingly adopted what I would call a “prison guard” sort of mentality towards the rest of society! House of Cards 
The most alarming stat here is the crashing velocity of money, how fast money changes hands. If money isn’t changing hands often, then the economy is slowing, period. These zero interest rates are creating more distortions. And the fact that the velocity of money is crashing along with zero rates is quite alarming. A major divergence. This cannot continue indefinitely. Orange Jean 
I wouldn’t put too much stock in a photo from Goggle Earth showing a bunch of trains in the desert… unless there was other data proving they are idle. 
Years ago I took Amtrack cross country (from New Orleans to Chicago and then from Chicago to Orange County, CA). Going through the desert they had to stop and creep … no more than 30 mph they said because it was too hot and if it gets too hot the train could derail. We were 11 hrs late getting into CA from the last leg of my journey where I stopped in SLC for a week. WTP1776 
Obama promised that he would destroy the coal industry. sharonsj 
Well, if the stupid politicians had not taken bribes from the auto and gas industry, we might still have a functioning rail system instead so that ordinary people could still travel by train. 
I live in a rural area with no public transportation. All the small towns still have a rail line (and railroad stations) that are hardly used. If I could take a trail to the big city for shopping and entertainment, I would do it a minute. 
Meanwhile, as the rich get richer and the rest of us are impoverished, there is no extra money for us to buy anything other than the necessities. angie hoekstra 
Helpful writing . For my two cents , if someone has been looking for a YMCA Trading Post & Warm Fuzzies , my assistant encountered a sample form here https://goo.gl/tM1Tbq DIONNA CRIMMINS 
Good article, Thanks!",0
8988,Fake News: WaPo - Congress Makes It Easier for ’Mentally Incompetent’ Vets to Carry Guns - Breitbart,"On March 22, the Washington Post reported on House Republican efforts to repeal the gun ban for military veterans by claiming Congress is making it easier for “mentally incompetent” vets to carry guns. [This is more Fake News about   efforts to protect the Second Amendment rights and due process rights of military veterans.  According to WaPo, “A bill moving through Congress could make it easier for veterans who can be considered mentally incompetent to carry a firearm. ” The fake aspect of this claim can be seen by contrasting it with the WaPo’s accurate summary of what the ban really does: Under a Department of Veterans Affairs program, the agency appoints a fiduciary if it determines that a veteran  —   because of injury, disease or advanced age  —   is unable to manage his or her finances. That means the agency also can classify a veteran as mentally incompetent and submit their names to the FBI for inclusion in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System database, banning them from buying or owning a firearm or ammunition. This is the gun ban for military veterans a ban that allows the VA to unilaterally apply a broad mental health label to strip military veterans of their Second Amendment rights without any due process. The bill which the House passed on March 16  —   the Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act  —   repeals this ban, not by striving to allow those with severe mental illness “to carry a firearm,” but by instituting a rule that that a veteran cannot be ruled “mentally incompetent” without a judge’s order. That’s it. The GOP efforts protect the due process rights of military veterans. Yet the WaPo reports that the House is making it “easier” for “mentally incompetent” veterans “to carry a firearm. ” On March 18, Breitbart News reported that NPR took a similar Fake News approach in covering the House vote to the repeal the gun ban for military veterans. NPR claimed the   House was helping “mentally incapacitated’ veterans get guns. It is worth noting that the gun ban for military veterans also impacts those who have not sought any treatment for mental duress nor any help with their finances. It does this by creating an atmosphere in which veterans who love to hunt and shoot simply internalize any struggles  —   be it depression or PTSD  —   for fear of having their gun rights abolished. The NRA reports: This policy stands to have a tremendously adverse effect on the health and   of our veterans: Imagine that you’re a veteran who loves to hunt and shoot. You don’t have trouble managing your finances, but you worry that if someday you do, you could permanently lose your right to defend yourself, your ability to put extra food on the table and one of your most cherished hobbies with the stroke of a pen. Would you seek treatment for PTSD, an eating disorder, depression? Or would you resign yourself to suffering, telling yourself it isn’t worth the risk and “tough it out”? AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
8989,Liberty or State Control? You Decide,"Leave a reply 
Laraine C. Abbey – President Obama’s statement “giving up some freedom in exchange for security” [1] was a lance through my heart. Give up freedom for security?? Patrick Henry, of “Give me liberty or give me death” fame, must be rolling over in his grave! We are losing America. 
Love him or hate him, Donald Trump has been the catalyst for a volcanic eruption of raw emotion about all that seems wrong in the governance of our country. Citizen unrest predates Trump’s electoral campaign but it has acted as a lightning rod that laser-focused on many issues alarming and infuriating Americans. In “shock and awe” style, ultra-liberal filmmaker and Bernie Sanders supporter Michael Moore had this to say in his “out of context” Ohio theater speech: 
Our citizenry has increasingly lost its faith and trust in government following the 9/11 World Trade Center attacks. The Benghazi situation, Middle East wars, banking/financial crisis and housing market mortgage mess have done nothing to support confidence in the powers-that-be. Leadership has failed us. We’ve seen millions maimed or killed in these horrific unjust globalist wars. A call for change is on many lips and given a voice in presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
Trump threatens the power structure, while Hillary is the power structure. 
Do you see any personal gain for Trump in spending his own money on the campaign and possibly harming his Trump brand around the world to lead this country? 
Asked many times over the years if he would consider running for president always brought forth the same answer: He didn’t want the job, but repeatedly said that he loved this nation and would consider running if he felt it was absolutely necessary for the well-being of our nation…and here we are. 
In this currently circulating video Trump starts out saying he doesn’t want to enter politics because “it’s a mean life.” Many mostly-good people would agree that they dare not even attempt running for office fearing some inevitable wrong-doing will hit the public arena and wreck their personal life. No good deed goes unpunished! 
It’s becoming ever clearer how criminal the Clinton enterprise really appears following Hillary’s deleting thousands of State Department emails—after being subpoenaed. This is a criminal activity that should be prosecuted and would seem to make her ineligible to run for president. The repeated WikiLeaks Clinton email dumps coupled with the Project Veritas Action videos make serious accusations, and lay bare political warts on what many are calling criminality here and here and here . 
It’s odd how the media goes after every gaffe or faux pas from Trump, while saying nothing of the alleged suspect Clinton behaviors over the years, including the cocaine scandals back from the Arkansas days. If this is news to you, go into YouTube and search ‘Clinton cocaine scandal’ and watch some of the many videos and documentaries. Here’s a short one to get you started. There are so many YouTube documentaries on “Clinton scandals” and “Clinton murders,” it would take a bite out of your lifetime to watch them all! 
While everybody’s focusing on who is the more flawed of these two presidential candidates, the darker undercurrent issues are barely discussed by the political establishment of Democrats, Republicans, and the liberal mainstream media. My guess is they are petrified of the politically incorrect Donald Trump exposing their self-serving and criminal agendas. 
Mainstream media has put no focus on the Washington, DC pedophilia and drug dealing scandal of some years back [2, 3] that still infests seats of power. Instead they focus on feel-good talk that favors fixing things via an agenda of bigger government, increased taxation, centralization of control, and dominance in the name of the so-called ‘greater good’ as founded in collectivism (the hallmark of Socialism and Communism) rather than by maintaining limited government, individual liberty, and private property rights upon which our country’s foundational documents are based. 
The Founding Fathers efforts via the U.S. Constitution to protect against over-reaching and corrupt governance, while appearing to have functioned successfully for over 200 years, is now under siege by powerful people on both sides of the isle, and in ownership of media, to foster globalist agendas, for their own benefit. 
Another example of losing our country is found in the erosion of private property rights; “ over the last 25 years, 68 percent of America’s National Parks, Preserves and Monuments have been designated as a United Nations World Heritage Site , Biosphere Reserve or both by Executive Branch action with virtually no Congressional oversight or approval and out of the sight of the public scrutiny.” [4] Even more alarming: your right to own personal property is seriously threatened by UN Agenda 21 . Note this statement from an article in Conservative News and Views on July 27, 2011: To see what UN Agenda 21 really means, read the Local Agenda 21 Planning Guide . This 241-page book talks of balancing the needs of the economy, the community, and the environment. But a close read makes the real goal clear. People would lose many of the rights to their properties—and so would not really have property at all. In fact, people would have no inherent rights to anything. [5] 
Government is known for its frequent inefficiency, incompetency, cronyism, pedophilia, drug and gun running and other wrongdoings. Enlarging and expanding government only increases such problems. The Founding Fathers tried to limit the size and power of the federal government, but unfortunately, the populace consistently looks to government to solve problems; and governments, as perpetual seekers of power, are only too happy to comply. 
What are the results? A 20 trillion national debt; 6 trillion dollars unaccounted for in the Pentagon Budget, over 2 trillion of which was missing and announced the day before the 9/11 World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks and ‘forgotten’ in the chaos—some saying intentionally. A VA system, failing the care of our veterans, funded by a government that now prefers to spend money on refugees that may be dangerous to our populace rather than on taking care of its needy citizens and veterans. An IRS that improperly targets its citizens An FDA that attacks anything threatening to the pharmaceutical and commercial food industries— protecting them at the expense of the public and the CDC now repeatedly accused of fraudulent actions, involving manipulation and misrepresentation of research data including vaccine research, which endangers our children and the public while protecting the pharmaceutical and medical industries in their abuse of power. 
[T]he latest [abuse of power] comes as Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC, is attempting to block CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson from testifying in response to a congressional subpoena on the destruction of data and scientific fraud committed by senior CDC officials in a critical vaccine safety study to conceal a causative relationship between vaccines and autism. 
Thompson was among the authors of widely cited studies debunking a link between vaccines and autism. [6] In apparent defiance of Thompson’s subpoena, Frieden stated “Dr. William Thompson’s deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHS [Health and Human Services].” Since when does one’s boss have the power to override a congressional subpoena, no less with an agency protecting motive at the expense of the public’s benefit? 
The CDC fraud story is detailed in movie VAXXED , now available for rent or purchase at Amazon.com. 
Bad as all this is, it’s merely a piece of the globalist agenda as detailed in such things as the U.N. Agenda 21 and 2030, the Codex Alimentarius (the world food code which will take away food and nutrient supplements rights), and the TPP (Trans Pacific Partnership) for which we are systematically destroying our national sovereignty. While NAFTA and CAFTA seem to have started this destruction of the U.S. most recently, President Obama handed over the Internet (U.S. created and taxpayer funded) to the U.N. for no apparent reason, and then, as mentioned previously, said Americans should give up some freedoms for increased security. (Heard at approximately 37:50): 
I personally prefer Patrick Henry’s “Give me liberty or give me death!” 
We’re giving billions of dollars to the U.N. for the Global Warming initiative. Is this money well spent, when funds are needed for our country’s internal problems including the restoration of our crumbling infrastructure? 
Besides shipping out billions of dollars, Obama’s attempt to blame cyclical global “Lukewarming” [7] as man-made—rather than nature-made in order to impose a carbon tax—is another of his many ‘grind America down’ behaviors, as is his open border policy to flood America with illegal aliens and drug runners, and to destroy American culture with hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees in service of his stated plan to reform America. In my view, this behavior along with flouting the Constitution and subordinating the U.S. to the U.N. clearly establishes Obama and his associates as engaging in treasonous behavior . Judge Janine says the Obama administration has acted treasonously (at 0:24) 
Obama has expressed a desire to become the Secretary General of the U.N. after leaving office so he can apparently further promote his globalist, one-world goals. Such efforts will only lead us down a path of more unconstitutional bureaucratic control, which is the very thing Brexit is a reaction to, and which I believe will eventually lead to destruction, or major reform, of the European Union. Brexit represents a turning away from the centralized control of totalitarianism—a good thing, I say! With Hillary as president an expansion of globalism and disintegration of U.S. sovereignty is guaranteed, so you can kiss the American Dream goodbye. 
I loved the insights from the following shows.",0
8990,"Confessed Clinton-hit man, Larry Nichols: “HILLARY MUST BE STOPPED”!","Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Confessed Clinton-hit man, Larry Nichols: “HILLARY MUST BE STOPPED”! Essential Reading Before and after the “Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 
During the time Hitler was supposed to have killed six million Jews — between 1933 and 1948 — the world’s Jewish population actually increased from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000 Two Minutes to Midnight By Rixon Stewart on October 21, 2009 
The clock is ticking toward war, domestic clampdown and the long foretold appearance of a “dark messiah”. And guess what? We think we’ve spotted him The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance “Dark Forces” By Rixon Stewart on January 23, 2008 
There are few real accidents in history and the version we see in the history books, may have happened entirely differently in reality. A prime example being the murder of Rasputin nearly 100 years ago The Advent of the Anti-Christ II By Rixon Stewart on August 6, 2010 
If or more likely when war erupts with Iran it will herald the appearance of an ominous figure long foretold. And guess what? We think we’ve spotted him",0
8991,Putin Rejects Russian Army’s Calls to Resume Aleppo Airstrikes,"Putin Still Hopes to See Moderate Rebels Separated From Nusra Front by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has officially rejected a request from his nation’s Defense Ministry to endorse a resumption of Russian airstrikes against the Syrian city of Aleppo, after 10 straight days of no Russian airstrikes being conducted. 
Russia launched a brief ceasefire in Aleppo last week, and extended it for four days. Even after it officially expired, they have not resumed strikes against the city, with officials saying they want to convince Western nations to separate the moderate rebel factions within East Aleppo from the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. 
So far that’s not been working so well, as indeed separating the two was the primary goal of a weeklong ceasefire a month ago, and a public US call to separate never amounted to anything. After that, the idea appears to have been given up on by the US, and Russia has also sought Turkey and Saudi Arabia’s influence on the more moderate factions. 
As the rebel factions are launching a new offensive trying to brief the Aleppo siege, the Russian defense ministry has gone to the unusual step of publicly announcing their request to Putin, and Putin’s very public rejection may suggest there is some debate within the Russian leadership on how to proceed. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
8992,Emigre Super Bloc Part VII: Why Hillary Clinton Will Appoint Old World Nationalists to Cabinet Positions,"7. Emigre Super Bloc Part VII: Why Hillary Clinton Will Appoint Old World Nationalists to Cabinet Positions . Editor's Note If you learn nothing else from reading Eliason’s “Emigre” series, you should take away how interlinked world events truly are. When you add in the machinations of various intelligence agencies and national covert operations groups, tracing a thread through from point A to point B can become an epic journey. It is also a journey that leaves you wondering whose interests are being served? In answering that question, it becomes clear that the answer is much more likely a small, influential group than a nation state. Just look at the map of the countries involved in Syria’s “civil war,” and it becomes exceedingly clear that what is happening in Syria is anything but a civil war. It also casts a totally different light on Europe’s rejection of Syrian refugees. How cruel and mean spirited can you get than to be involved in the war that has displaced most of a nation’s population, and then close your borders to those displaced? 
W hether you are for Hillary Clinton or against her, the problem with Hillary Clinton isn’t her lack of experience. Almost the entire political establishment is behind her. Throughout all the bumps and scandal in this whole election cycle, Republicans and former presidents are coming out of the woodwork supporting her. According to the LA Times she may well be one of the most experienced candidates in US history, even accounting for severe conflicts of interest inside the Clinton Foundation. Neither friend or foe doubt Hillary Clinton’s experience after 30 years in politics. 
The problem is even Hillary Clinton’s friends say she has, is a history of acting without thinking, of making bad decisions. According to Neera Tanden : “Almost no one knows better than me that her instincts can be terrible.” 
Does Hillary Clinton show bad instincts and terrible decision-making skills, and if she does, how will this affect the USA? 
According to journalist Robert Parry “the people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe “This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East… Taken together, the studies and reports call for more aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe.”One of the lead organizations revving up these military adventures and also counting on a big boost in military spending under President Clinton-45 is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO that has been pushing for a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia.” 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC which is associated with NATO. The CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) has only one goal. At the beginning of the presidential campaign they put out a small list of questions for the candidates to decide who they would support for the president. 
The first question was essentially “Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has answered that question and received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. Who is the CEEC? 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
If that seems a little too much to be believable, reconsider the Iraq war. All it took was for the Iraqi diaspora to develop strong ties with like-minded people f rom “ The Project for the New American Century” that wanted regime change in Iraq. Many of the people associated with the PNAC crossed over into the Bush administration . They pushed the invasion together. 
Josh DeWind’s and Renata Segura’s paper Diaspora-Government Relations in Forging US-Foreign Policies utilized the following source to discuss the diaspora link to US-Iraqi relations: 
Walt Vanderbush’s essay, “The Iraqi Diaspora and the US Invasion of Iraq” (chapter 9), traces the collaboration between leaders of the Iraqi diaspora and neoconservative Americans, many of them linked to the Iraqi National Congress (INC) and the Project for the New American Century (PNAC), to convince the US government to wage war and bring about “regime change” in Iraq… The INC claimed credit for placing 108 articles in the news media, including the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Times (of London), during a nine-month period before the war.” 
It wasn’t terror, Osama, or even oil that the Iraq war was fought for. It was a guy named Ahmed Chalabi who was the only victor of the Iraq war. 
American-emigre groups use their strategically settled populations in key battleground states, deep pockets, and unbridled political ambition to gain control over their home “old” countries. Even more insidious is the influence they exert over the United States to destroy old enemies. 
Do we want senior cabinet and policy positions filled by people who think starting WWIII is a good goal? Let’s take a look at the make-up and politics of some of these. 
Starting at the top let’s look at the Ukrainian emigres who lead the CEEC and the Atlantic Council. One thing anyone represented by the UCCA (Ukrainian Congressional Committee of America) or the UWC (Ukrainian World Congress) has in common is Axis-political heritage and beliefs. The OUN is the political grouping of Ukrainian nationalists and it would vote for Adolf Hitler if he was running in a heartbeat. 
Unless real Nazi political views (not neo-nazi) found a way to survive all these years with this group of people, the statement is just insulting. Anyone reading should be insulted because that level of offensiveness in a politically charged environment is wrong. 
Nazism or Axis-Nazism are political beliefs and principles that structure a government the same as Republican or Democratic control would. The only difference is the “ism.” The “ism” means everything you do in your life revolves around your politic so it’s not just political or social guides or guidelines. It’s your lifestyle and everything wraps around it. Anything or anyone that goes against it is an enemy of the state, and it is personal. 
From their own words in the Ukrainian Weekly, real, active political Nazi’s are alive, kickin’ and ready for a Clinton win! It is the sheer number of groups self-identifying as practicing real Nazi beliefs in the US gaining policy and cabinet positions under a Clinton win that is incredible. 
The Ukrainian World Congress, with its affiliates in over 40 countries , and others work tirelessly in trying to keep Ukraine and the Ukrainian spirit front and center. “We have had a minister of finance, Natalka Jaresko, in the Cabinet. We now have Ulana Suprun as acting minister of health. We have many from the diaspora assisting with strategizing, reforming and supporting the overall cause. We have a highly successful program in Patriot Defence. We are out to change the way business is done. Unity to act when required has been the diaspora’s mantra – this cannot be disputed. As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
With all you’ve heard about Stepan Bandera’s OUN since the Maidan coup in Ukraine, I’ll bet you didn’t know they call New York, Chicago, Boston, and Philadelphia home. 
The UCCA and the UWC still celebrate their Nazi SS because they are still Axis-nazis. The OUN were the vile Holocaust murderers during and after WWII and their politics live on in their children today. This is no different from the children of other Waffen-SS leaders, or if Hitler had surviving children that stood up and ran other countries based in Hitler’s policy. These American kids are sent to Ukraine to learn how to copy and act like Stepan Bandera before they come back to America and get involved in policy making. 
“ OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools (MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000’s enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by “moderates” like David Duke (former head of the Ku Klux Klan in the U.S.) who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
While American media criticizes David Duke’s support for Donald Trump, they say nothing about Hillary’s strongest supporters hiring David Duke as a professor to teach their children college level history. Is Hillary Clinton too far right for David Duke? After all, he has no plans to conquer Russia. 
When you look at her campaign coffers and the most active political activists supporting Hillary Clinton, many are groups whose politics are not republican or democrat, but old-world nationalist. They are spread across America and still idolize their Waffen SS heroes, literally. They have statues and holidays and children’s groups across America in cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago celebrating some of the vilest mass murderers in history. And they teach their children to idolize them and grow up using them as role models. They also bring up their children in the same political mold of ultra-nationalism. 
Now they want an America that will do the same. Over the last 30 years, the old world nationalists have moved into media and policy positions to make this happen. If that wasn’t enough they control a 20 million person bloc vote in key states and swing states in important cities across America. 
I am not using the word nazi as an insult, this isn’t neo-nazi or even a nazi revival. These groups have been the most extreme political activists in the USA over the last 50 years and are a continuation of what their parents were in the 1930’s. In their own words, they never assimilated into American culture. They assimilated the culture to them. In the words of the CIA, they are political animals. Today, their wagons are circled around a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
The OUN were the guards at the Holocaust prison camps, Waffen SS, and volunteer brigades that were famous for torture and murder. In Ukraine, they killed over 3 million people and conducted the first act of Holocaust at Babi Yar. 
The funny part, if there was one, is that with every fiber of your being, you want to argue against these facts. The OUN on the other hand featured at least one of my articles on their rise in American politics even though I called them devils. The fact they find me credible shouldn’t get lost on you. 
When these good friends of Hillary Clinton from the CEEC start getting tapped for advisory posts, and cabinet positions through the Atlantic Council or Project for a New American Century, will they automatically become Democrats or Republicans? 
Does America want a war with Russia so the losers of WWII can settle old scores? 
For the first time, under a Clinton presidency, America will have unbridled Axis-nazis/old world nationalists/ nazis in most of the cabinet and policy positions. They are getting the positions because they are delivering donations, bloc votes, political propaganda, and hard activism in battleground states. 
The results for the Clinton campaign in emigre dominated states is the same as it was when they first got together. Clinton is up by 11 points in important emigre bloc voting districts. …In last month’s heavily publicized Pennsylvania Senate race. Ukrainian and Baltic groups, protesting the administration’s attempts to prevent the break-up of the USSR, supported the Democratic candidate, Harris Wofford. This position contributed to the defeat of Dick Thornburgh, a former attorney general in the Bush administration….”The Ukrainian Weekly, December 8, 1991, No. 49, Vol. LIX 
In a Ukraine Weekly interview with candidate Bill Clinton- “ For the last 40 years, many Ukrainians have been supporters of the Republican Party . However, Mr. Bush severely damaged his relations with Ukrainians with his “Chicken Kiev” speech, and by his unwillingness to see Ukraine’s point of view in disputes with Russia. How will your party seek to secure the goodwill of voters concerned by this issue?” … Clinton’s answer…“The Bush administration has had a spotty record abroad… including the president’s insulting warning against “suicidal nationalism” made before proindependence forces in Kiev in the summer of 1991 — and a failed economic record at home. We hope Ukrainian Americans will join our effort to put people first.” – Interview with Candidate Bill Clinton-Ukrainian Weekly Issue 43, 1992 
In what has become the ultimate pay to play scheme, the Clinton’s gave over Ukraine to OUNb nationalists to run as they saw fit. This was payment for political support and bloc votes that won the 1992 elections for Bill Clinton. American citizens were given a country to run and represent in any manner they chose to do it. 
According to Ukrainian nationalist scholar Taras Kuzio , the Axis-nazi political beliefs started to be taught to children in Ukraine after the OUNb took the reins. This was the preparation for what would become a nationalist coup in 2014 Ukraine. 
This pattern follows the Clinton-NATO expansion and every CEE (Central and Eastern European) country freed by the Clintons followed suit. In Croatia, Croatian-Americans have more parliamentary seats and representation than any group from Croatia. 
Other than American-emigre groups gaining rule and representing the “home country” in the US, there is only one other universal factor each of them revived. Axis- nazi politics and political views became normal in their home countries. In Croatia, they even revived the Waffen SS Battalions. 
The people at the CEEC are behind the Atlantic Council and PNAC will be making the domestic and foreign policy decisions in a Clinton administration. While I would not call Hillary Clinton a Nazi, the people she surrounds herself with actively are. There is very little doubt that Victoria Nuland, a Ukrainian-American brought up in these beliefs will be Secretary of State under a Clinton Administration. 
To get an understanding of what that means, the same people that are deciding Ukrainian domestic and foreign policy will be sending their people to those cabinet positions. 
The one thing for sure is even publications that support her candidacy wonder about Hillary Clinton’s lack of judgment and surrounding herself with nationalist war-hawks that want war with Russia. 
According to the WEEK : “At first, Obama went over the top of public opinion to avenge American honor against ISIS. Slowly, America’s mission has crept to include some form of regime change with the ouster of Assad. Now Clinton is selling the American people on greater military interventions so that the U.S. can challenge Putin. Clinton seems unable to distinguish between what is of vital interest to the Russians and peripheral interest to America. She combines this with her bias toward always taking action — of any sort, for good or ill. The combination is dangerous.” 
The article ends in the hope that Clinton is once again lying. Both current president Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to sell America on the idea that there are moderates fighting a civil war in Syria. We are arming and training them. Are there moderates in Syria worth supporting? Do we have any business there to begin with? The article goes as far as stating the US is determined to overthrow every country that is friendly to Russia. 
Right now Clinton wants to establish a no-fly-zone to protect her moderates. Who are they? US Special Forces on the ground are adamant that Clinton wants to give US military support to ISIS even if it means starting an open war with Russia. 
“ Nobody believes in it. You’re like, ‘Fuck this,’” a former Green Beret says of America’s covert and clandestine programs to train and arm Syrian militias. “Everyone on the ground knows they are jihadis. No one on the ground believes in this mission or this effort, and they know they are just training the next generation of jihadis, so they are sabotaging it by saying, ‘Fuck it, who cares?’” “I don’t want to be responsible for Nusra guys saying they were trained by Americans,” the Green Beret added. 
Since 2014, Ukraine has fully supported al Nusra and at the beginning of the civil war pulled 200 ISIS fighters to the Ukrainian front lines. These fighters are jihadis from Crimea. They have also set up an ISIS training camp near Mariupol. Like all other volunteers, they don’t receive government support and rob to make a living. 
Before this, the Kosovo example looms large. Does inviting indicted mass murderers and people preparing for illegal organ trade (crimes against humanity) trials to your national party convention as special guests qualify as good judgment? Does it showcase Hillary Clinton’s good instincts to be president? 
Welcome to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton’s special guest from Kosovo took time-out from preparing for his crimes against humanity case to give support and wish her well. “Invited as a guest to the 2016 Democratic National Convention is none other than Kadri Veseli, the Speaker of the Kosovo Assembly. Veseli is a former Kosovar Albanian leader of the KLA and its spy organization SHIK. He’s being indicted along with the current president of Kosovo, Hashim Thaci for small things like organ trafficking and crimes against humanity .’ The main witness against Clinton friends, Veseli and Thaci, is a man that was ordered to cut the heart out of another man that was begging for mercy. In a 1998 interview with the BBC , US special envoy to the Balkans, Robert Gelbard had this to say about Veseli and Thaci; “I know a terrorist when I see one and these men are terrorists.” 
Clinton’s relationship with the Albanian and Kosovo killers stretches back to the Bill Clinton’s first election in 1992. During the campaign season the Clinton duo found out quickly how powerful the emigre national vote was in America. In one fell swoop, the Albanians and the KLA after them went from what the USA definitely recognized as Islamic terrorists to victims we were going to war for. 
The Clinton humanitarian bombing in the Balkans drove victims into the waiting clutches of the KLA, and the spread of Islamic terrorism worldwide. 
In what became her first executive decision, first lady, Hillary Clinton brow-beat the unwilling president Clinton into bombing the Balkans and creating a humanitarian catastrophe. Today, as a result of this, ISIS is setting up training camps in what is widely referred to as “Clinton country. “ 
“ On the territory of Kosovo and Metohija , the local police detained three militants of so-called “Islamic State” (a terrorist organization banned in Russia), is going to organize a series of terrorist attacks in Serbia.” Terrorists LIH (IGIL/ISIS) break through the Balkans to Western Europe March 2016. 
Clinton’s jihadi bloc vote in America remains central to her winning this election along with the rest of the CEEC. Does America want people advising the president that openly support genocide like the Kosovars, Albanians, or Ukrainians? 
Hillary Clinton is not an Islamist. Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But the question remains. Why is she surrounded by, and listening to, people that are? Is that her best judgment? GH Eliason Mr. Eliason l ives in Ukraine. He writes content and optimizes web based businesses across the globe for organic search results, technical issues, and design strategies. He is also a large project construction specialist. When Fukushima happened it became known that he was a locked high rad specialist with a penchant for climbing. He was paid to climb a reactor at a sister plant to Fukushima 3 because of a “million dollar mistake”. His now works in project safety.",0
8993,Dan Gainor: Anti-Trump Media Wanted the Patriots to Lose,"Dan Gainor, vice president of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, talked to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow about all things Super Bowl on Monday, from the Audi ad on an alleged gender pay gap to Lady Gaga’s halftime performance. [Gainor cited this tweet he sent out when the Audi ad aired during the game:  . @audi makes crappy cars and crappy politics. #superbowl,  —   Dan Gainor (@dangainor) February 6, 2017, Gainor pointed out the bogus nature of pay stats behind the concept, which in most cases are caused by different career choices pursued by men and women, rather than actual discrimination in pay rate for a particular job. He also weighed in on Lady Gaga’s halftime performance, calling it “boring” and not overly political, but adding, “She mentioned God. That frankly, to me, more than offset what else she did, and I saw Eric Deggans from NPR, their media guy, complaining that she had missed an opportunity for her to be more political. ” Gainor also addressed how much the media were pulling for Atlanta over the Patriots, “especially because of the ties of Trump, Kraft, Belichick, and Brady altogether,” he said. He continued, “The media wanted them to lose because of that. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
8994,"Despite a Trust, Ivanka Trump Still Wields Power Over Her Brand - The New York Times","What role Ivanka Trump plays in her father’s White House is among the pressing questions at the intersection of politics and business under the Trump administration. Since her father became president, Ms. Trump has sat in meetings with political and business leaders at the White House, drawing criticism that she could use her informal adviser role to promote her brand. Now, she also works out of a West Wing office and is in the process of getting a security clearance and   devices. To address those concerns, Ms. Trump handed over    control of her company to her top executive, Abigail Klem, and transferred its assets to a new trust overseen by relatives of her husband. But details of the arrangement, which have not been disclosed, indicate how much power Ms. Trump continues to hold over the brand that bears her name. Under the trust, which was executed in the first week of March, Ms. Trump may address potential conflicts in one of two ways: recuse herself from related White House business or veto a potential business deal for her company, said Jamie Gorelick, a longtime ethics lawyer in Washington who is an independent adviser to the Ivanka M. Trump Business Trust. Ms. Trump is the sole beneficiary, said Ms. Gorelick, who provided details of the trust and Ms. Trump’s expanding White House role in interviews. On Monday, Ms. Trump said the trust was part of a voluntary pledge to follow rules placed on government employees. For about a decade, Ms. Trump has licensed her name to partners that manufacture her clothes, shoes and other items. Ms. Trump, who appeared in her own advertisements, was the face of it all. Her brand is privately held, meaning that its inner workings, partners and investments are not subject to public disclosure. Under the new arrangement, Ms. Trump will no longer appear in advertisements, Ms. Gorelick said, and she has separated her business and personal social media accounts. Photos of her posing next to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada or the chief executive of Boeing have replaced pictures of her shoes and handbags on her personal Instagram account. Ms. Trump could have opted for a blind trust, which keeps beneficiaries in the dark about their assets  —   a move favored by modern presidents but not commonly used by employees in the executive branch, said Richard W. Painter, the chief White House ethics adviser under President George W. Bush. That was an untenable option for Ms. Trump, Ms. Gorelick said, because it would have forced her to sell the company, giving another owner the ability to use the family name. “Ivanka created the trust to separate herself from the business and implement controls and processes that facilitate compliance with ethical requirements,” Ms. Gorelick said. In a statement, Ms. Trump said she would continue to offer “candid advice and counsel” to her father, who has resisted calls for a blind trust. Instead, President Trump has moved his business interests into a trust overseen by his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr. and Allen H. Weisselberg, the chief financial officer of his real estate company, the Trump Organization. The president will continue to receive reports on the company’s profit and loss. Ms. Trump will receive regular financial reports on her company. Her    Josh Kushner, and her    Nicole Meyer, are her named trustees. “While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees,” Ms. Trump said in a statement. But even if Ms. Trump is trying to tread carefully, her trust raises questions about how effectively a voluntary arrangement can minimize conflicts, said Norman L. Eisen, the chief White House ethics adviser under President Barack Obama. “There’s no enforcement,” he said. “If this is voluntary, what if she voluntarily decides not to do it?” Ms. Gorelick is acting purely as an adviser and does not have the power to make decisions about deals on Ms. Trump’s behalf. Questions about Ms. Trump’s potential conflicts of interest have trailed her from nearly the moment her father won the presidency. She was criticized over the promotion of a $10, 800 bracelet from her fashion line that she wore during her family’s Nov. 13 interview on “60 Minutes” on CBS. Ms. Klem blamed a   marketing executive. In December, The New York Times reported that she had joined her father’s meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan even as her brand was completing a deal with a company whose largest shareholder was a bank owned by the Japanese government. The deal was called off after the Times article appeared. Unlike her husband, Jared Kushner, who is a top adviser to Mr. Trump, Ms. Trump does not hold a formal job at the White House and therefore is not likely to be considered a federal employee under ethics rules, which prohibit government workers from participating in matters that can enrich their personal business interests, according to government ethics specialists. But the more Ms. Trump participates in White House affairs  —   sitting in on meetings, conducting business from an office in the West Wing  —   the more likely it is that she could cross that line, Mr. Painter said. With that in mind, he said it was “wise” for Ms. Trump to   act as though she were already subject to such rules. The trust prohibits her brand from reaching agreements with foreign governments or   enterprises. But deals with domestic companies could also present problems. Macy’s and other stores sell Ms. Trump’s clothes and accessories in the United States. At the same time, the retail industry has been lobbying against a tax on imports that President Trump is considering. “She ought to stay away from anything to do with trade,” Mr. Painter said. Mr. Painter and Mr. Eisen praised the appointment of Ms. Gorelick as an ethics adviser. Ms. Gorelick, a former deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton, has attracted some criticism for her role as a top executive at Fannie Mae in the late 1990s and early 2000s, several years before the firm’s need for a bailout during the financial crisis. But Mr. Eisen said Ms. Gorelick was independent and “ . ” “Whatever questions I and others may have about the arrangement,” Mr. Eisen said, “I think it speaks well of Ivanka and of the process that has been set up to manage the conflicts that the trustees’ monitor is one of the most prominent Democratic lawyers in the country. ”",0
8995,First Lady Melania Trump Boosts Tourism in Her Home Country,"Melania Trump smiles at passersby on a highway in Sevnica, Solvenia that reads “Welcome to the Hometown of First Lady”  —   a billboard that represents more than a celebration of its most famous citizen. [The number of tourists in Slovenia rose by 8 percent    in March, with tourists booking overnight stays jumping a whopping 30. 6 percent and tourists visiting by 22. 5 percent, CNBC reported using data from the government’s statistics office.  “Analysts said domestic tourist figures reflected improved economic conditions in Slovenia, a country which narrowly avoided an international bailout for its banks in 2013 but expects economic growth of 3. 6 percent this year versus 2. 5 percent in 2016,” CNBC reported. The unemployment rate also has improved  —   although no direct connection to the first lady is implicated  —   from 12 percent in March 2016 to 10. 2 percent in March 2017. In April the central European nation of Slovenia celebrated a milestone, CNN reported, at a time when one of its own will be living in the White House after First Son Barron Trump finishes the school year in New York. Slovenian Ambassador to the United States Dr. Božo Cerar commemorated the 25th anniversary of U. S. recognition of the European nation by planting a Linden tree in the National Arboretum in Washington, D. C. “Slovenians are ‘very proud’ that Trump is first lady, Cerar told CNN recently. “She has helped the nation’s visibility considerably, he said, noting that Americans no longer mix his country up with Slovakia, a ‘huge improvement. ’”",0
8996,Как «троцкисты» осаждали российское посольство «во имя Алеппо» | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: Европа Как отмечает в своей статье американский политический активист Калеб Маупин, едва ли кого-то из числа людей осведомленных о положении дел в международной политике не удивило бы сообщение о том, что «троцкисты» осадили здание российского посольства в Лондоне из-за событий в Сирии. Мало того, что правительство Башара Асада всегда имело четкий социальный уклон, так и Россия, которая оказалась одним из немногих государств, которое не захотело стоять в стороне и смотреть на сирийскую резню, во всех стадиях своего развития имела социальный уклон. Так с чего бы вдруг британским социалистам приковывать себя к ограде российской дипмиссии, да еще и с молчаливого попустительства британской полиции, которая не привыкла «церемониться» с демонстрантами любого толка? Автор отмечает, что в процессе попытки подорвать устои Советского Союза, ЦРУ начало активно финансировать левых маргиналов различного толка, которые в свое время приветствовали жестокие расправы талибов над советскими солдатами. Сегодня их «духовные наследники» приветствуют Свободную сирийскую армию, которая, по сути, является лишь прикрытием для радикальных уголовников всех цветов и мастей. Автор отмечает, что с помощью таких малочисленных акций, которые, тем не менее, активно освещаются в западных СМИ, Вашингтон пытается показать, что «различные слои» западного общества противостоят «сирийскому режиму». Однако на деле эти «различные слои» представлены небольшой группой власть имущих, преследующих свой корыстный интерес, и ворохом иждивенцев-маргиналов, которые готовы превозносить даже самых отъявленных преступников, если они это делают за «умеренную плату». С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
8997,Nicola Sturgeon refuses to accept result of England vs Scotland match,"Saturday 12 November 2016 by Davywavy Nicola Sturgeon refuses to accept result of England vs Scotland match 
Nicola Sturgeon believes the result of the England vs Scotland game yesterday was ‘wrong’ and will fight for it to be overturned. 
The 3-0 defeat was the wrong result for Scotland, she said, and pledged to do everything in her power to reverse the scoreline no matter how long it takes. 
Reports indicate she has already made a succession of calls to Senior UEFA and FIFA officials to seek their support in changing the outcome. 
If she cannot get the result changed by conventional methods, Sturgeon confirmed she has not taken demanding a replay off the table. 
“I don’t believe this result is in the best interest of Scotland, or of football, and it is clear that changing it would be entirely fair,” she told reporters at Holyrood. 
“UEFA’s position that the result is binding just because we lost is short-termist and doesn’t serve the Scottish people in the way they deserve.” 
Sturgeon went on to say she believed England had stolen literally dozens of goals that were rightfully Scottish, and she would organise a wide-ranging consultation and enquiry to examine all aspects of the result and report on how it can best be changed in Scotland’s favour. 
Meanwhile, today’s copy of The National newspaper is reporting that Scotland won 18-0 before burning Wembley to the ground. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
8998,"1-hour video: Bush-Clinton and .01% ‘Deep State’ criminals assassinated JFK, MLK, RFK, are still in power, rig elections, and run criminal looting empire until we demand .01% arrests. 2016 ‘election’ changes NOTHING without full ‘Deep State’ Truth","SGT Report interviews Ole Dammegard over 62 minutes : 
Interview highlights, documentation, context: When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. President Kennedy , Martin King , Robert Kennedy (and here ), and dozens of others were assassinated by the .01% “Deep State.” The evidence is overwhelming in each case. The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. Perhaps we’re approaching an endgame of the light exposing the .01% criminals. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself .
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
8999,Blue State Blues: The Mainstream Media Are Orwell’s Big Brother,"The media, and the left in general, are taking pride in sales of Orwell’s Nineteen   as if these confirm their fantasies about Donald Trump as a totalitarian leader. One wonders if they have read the book. [The regime in George Orwell’s “1984” declared “War is Peace  —   Freedom is Slavery  —   Ignorance is Strength. ” The dystopian fiction drew flocks of book buyers after Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway’s comment about “alternative facts. ”  —   Los Angeles Times, Jan. 25, 2017, Orwell’s novel is an attack on socialism, and particularly on the media’s role in an imagined socialist state.  The lead character, Winston Smith, is a bureaucrat in the Ministry of Truth whose role it is to rewrite history to suit the political preferences of the Party, and to destroy historical evidence that contradicts the official narrative. (It is a state, interestingly, that suppresses gender roles to control sex. Only in a forbidden, and subversively traditional, sexual liaison does Smith briefly find refuge.) One hopes, therefore, that the people rushing to buy Nineteen   because they see it as some kind of talking point against the Trump administration will actually read the novel. Perhaps they will be shocked by the parallels between the Two Minutes Hate  —   an organized demonstration of outrage against a largely imagined adversary  —   and the unhinged   protests last weekend. Perhaps they will be alarmed at the degree to which our media also serve a “Party”  —   voluntarily. More likely, however, their new copies of Nineteen   will sit on their relatively empty bookshelves, right next to the U. S. Constitutions they bought after Khizr Khan waved his copy from the podium at the Democratic National Convention. Nothing in the Constitution prevents the U. S. from excluding aliens on the basis of objectionable religious or political beliefs  —   indeed, we do it already and have done it for decades  —   but you have to read the thing to know that, and few apparently did. The “hook” on which the supposed Orwellian analogy hangs is “Kellyanne Conway’s comment [to NBC’s Chuck Todd] about ‘alternative facts. ’” The phrase has been distorted to mean the opposite of what Conway intended. In any legal dispute, opposing sides will present the court with alternative versions of the facts in the case. That is clearly what Conway meant. But the media, and the left, spun “alternative facts” as if she meant “alternatives to fact,” i. e. deliberate lies, reckless disregard of the truth. Recall that NBC  —   the network on which Conway appeared  —   was the network that selectively edited the audio of the 911 call by George Zimmerman to police in February 2012 to make it appear that Zimmerman had targeted Trayvon Martin because of his race. That deliberate lie put Zimmerman’s liberty at risk and inflamed race relations nationwide. More recently, it was Todd himself who declared in October  —   citing Republicans, but clearly in agreement  —   that the presidential race was “over. ” It is true that Trump is prone to exaggeration. It is also true that there is usually some basis for his claims. Recall the furore over his claim that “thousands” of Muslims in New Jersey celebrated the   terror attacks. The media treated the claim as if Trump had simply made it up. But it turned out to be based on a kernel of truth: there had, in fact, been some limited   celebrations. And Trump correctly recalled that there had been a local news report that had shaped his impression of events. Likewise with the crowd size at the inauguration. From the steps of the Capitol, and even near the front of the ceremony, it would have been nearly impossible to see any gaps in the crowd. A   photograph by CNN confirms that fact. And yet the gaps did exist: Trump’s crowd on the Mall was almost certainly not as large as Obama’s in 2009. But that cannot, and does not, negate the administration’s claim that more people watched overall, through electronic media. Both can be true. Sometimes you need the “alternative facts”  —   what journalists used to call “both sides of the story”  —   to paint the full picture. But the mainstream media presume that the Trump administration doesn’t have a side  —   nor do Trump’s voters and supporters. Instead, the mainstream media have taken the other side. They dress it up in platitudes about holding the new administration accountable  —   as if, just like Nineteen   the past eight years of servility can be shoved down the “Memory Hole. ” While the mainstream media were nitpicking over crowd size, and fabricating stories like the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. bust, Breitbart News  —   falsely impugned as Trump’s “Pravda”  —   was taking the administration to task over its failure to address the immigration issue on day one. Earlier, Breitbart reported Trump’s broken promise to pursue Hillary Clinton’s email scandal. The truth is that the mainstream media, collectively, are Big Brother. Unlike Winston Smith, we have finally been liberated. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
9000,California Today: Considering a Single-Payer Insurance System - The New York Times," Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Today’s introduction comes to us from Jennifer Medina, a national correspondent based in Los Angeles. “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House announced minutes after the legislation to repeal the law collapsed in Congress last week. Now some political leaders in California want to go even further. Last month State Senators Ricardo Lara and Toni Atkins introduced legislation to replace private health insurance with a publicly funded health care system run by the state government known as a   system. The bill does not include any details of how the state would pay for the multibillion program, instead simply declaring “it is the intent of the Legislature to enact legislation that would establish a comprehensive universal   health care coverage program and a health care cost control system for the benefit of all residents of the state. ” Gov. Jerry Brown, who is both a fiscal hawk and an ardent supporter of Affordable Care Act, has already spoken about his skepticism of a   program, saying it would be prohibitively expensive. But at least one candidate running for governor next year plans to make universal health care a centerpiece of the campaign. Earlier this month Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom said he was working with health care experts to craft a plan for a   system. While he was mayor, the city approved a plan to offer universal health care for all of its residents. Mr. Lara said the Republican defeat in Congress could pave the way for a   system. “It’s easier to expand health care than make up lost ground as we would have had to do,” he said. “We really have the chance to make universal health care a reality now. ” The proposal differs from existing programs in one big way: It would include all residents, regardless of their immigration status. Obamacare explicitly excluded undocumented immigrants from benefits of the program, though children in California can receive basic coverage even if they are undocumented. Advocates of a   program argue that it would bring down costs and encourage preventive care. But opponents say there would be less choice and efficiency in medical care, and that taxes would rise significantly for all residents. This is not the first time state leaders have pressed for a   bill. Similar legislation was passed in 2006 and 2008, though it did not include a way to pay from the system. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the bill. Do you think California should move to a   system? Email us your thoughts at catoday@nytimes. com. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • Representatives Adam B. Schiff and Nancy Pelosi of California suggested that Representative Devin Nunes should recuse himself from an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. [The New York Times] • Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff could not be more different. [Opinion|Los Angeles Times] • California’s attorney general, Xavier Becerra, has forcefully criticized Mr. Trump. But in office, he has taken a more measured approach. [The Sacramento Bee] • Leaders across Southern California said they would continue to protect people who are in the country illegally despite a warning from Attorney General Jeff Sessions. [Los Angeles Times] • New research shows that fault zones formerly thought to be separate make up one continuous system running through San Diego, Orange and Los Angeles counties, making a bigger earthquake more likely. [The New York Times] • The Raiders are leaving Oakland  —   again. The team’s move to Las Vegas was approved by the N. F. L. [The New York Times] • East Bay officials are exploring options to sue the Raiders and possibly the N. F. L. after the decision. [San Francisco Chronicle] • The N. F. L. makes two demands of its owners: Build   stadiums with as many public dollars as you can find and never, ever feel shame. [Michael Powell | The New York Times] • A fire on the third floor of a residential building in Oakland killed at least three people and displaced more than 100. [SFGate] • Los Angeles County officials are considering imposing tolls on more car pool lanes in an effort to speed up traffic on the region’s freeways. [Los Angeles Times] • Bill Croyle, the state’s top water manager, said Monday that the Oroville Reservoir will have a new spillway in place to prevent potentially dangerous outflows of water by Nov. 1. [SFGate] • Uber resumed testing its   cars in San Francisco Monday after a crash in Arizona briefly halted the program. [The Mercury News] • A Los Angeles man caught a   carp in MacArthur Park Lake. [LAist] The National Park Service purchased Santa Rosa Island in 1986 from the Vail  Vickers ranch. In 1998, cattle ranching on the island ended for good. But some vestiges of the island’s ranching past still remain. Alana Ayasse, a graduate student studying geography at   Barbara, took the above picture on the island in September, while volunteering for a week with Channel Islands Restoration, a nonprofit that helps tend to the health of plants and animals in the park. She came across the horses while walking back to a field station one evening. “You can just see them wandering up there,” Ms. Ayasse said in a phone interview Monday. “They’re supercool. ” Ken Owen, the executive director of Channel Islands Restoration, said the horses were kept to a portion of the island where they would not harm any rare plants. “They’re literally a cultural artifact,” he said. “And there’s really no reason to remove them. ” Want to submit a photo for possible publication? You can do it here. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley.",0
9001,"AT&T, Time Warner and the Death of Privacy","AT&T, Time Warner and the Death of Privacy   
By Amy Goodman and Denis Moynihan AT&T plans to buy Time Warner for $85.4 billion. ( Mark Lennihan / AP ) 
It has been 140 years since Alexander Graham Bell uttered the first words through his experimental telephone, to his lab assistant: “Mr. Watson—come here—I want to see you.” His invention transformed human communication, and the world. The company he started grew into a massive monopoly, AT&T. The federal government eventually deemed it too powerful, and broke up the telecom giant in 1982. Well, AT&T is back and some would say on track to become bigger and more powerful than before, announcing plans to acquire Time Warner, the media company, to create one of the largest entertainment and communications conglomerates on the planet. Beyond the threat to competition, the proposed merger—which still must pass regulatory scrutiny—poses significant threats to privacy and the basic freedom to communicate. AT&T is currently No. 10 on the Forbes 500 list of the U.S.‘s highest-grossing companies. If it is allowed to buy Time Warner, No. 99 on the list, it will form an enormous, “vertically integrated” company that controls a vast pool of content and how people access that content. Free Press, the national media policy and activism group, is mobilizing the public to oppose the deal. “This merger would create a media powerhouse unlike anything we’ve ever seen before. AT&T would control mobile and wired internet access, cable channels, movie franchises, a film studio and more,” Candace Clement of Free Press wrote. “That means AT&T would control internet access for hundreds of millions of people and the content they view, enabling it to prioritize its own offerings and use sneaky tricks to undermine net neutrality.” Net neutrality is that essential quality of the internet that makes it so powerful. Columbia University law professor Tim Wu coined the term “net neutrality.” After the Federal Communications Commission approved strong net neutrality rules last year, Wu told us on the Democracy Now! News hour, “There need to be basic rules of the road for the internet, and we’re not going to trust cable and telephone companies to respect freedom of speech or respect new innovators, because of their poor track record.” Millions of citizens weighed in with public comments to the FCC in support of net neutrality, along with groups like Free Press and The Electronic Frontier Foundation. They were joined by titans of the internet like Google, Amazon and Microsoft. Arrayed against this coalition were the telecom and cable companies, the oligopoly of internet service providers that sell internet access to hundreds of millions of Americans. It remains to be seen if AT&T doesn’t in practice break net neutrality rules and create a fast lane for its content and slow down content from its competitors, including the noncommercial sector. Another problem that AT&T presents, that would only be exacerbated by the merger, is the potential to invade the privacy of its millions of customers. In 2006, AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein revealed that the company was secretly sharing all of its customers’ metadata with the National Security Agency. Klein, who installed the fiber-splitting hardware in a secret room at the main AT&T facility in San Francisco, had his whistleblowing allegations confirmed several years later by Edward Snowden’s NSA leaks. While that dragnet surveillance program was supposedly shut down in 2011, a similar surveillance program still exists. It’s called “Project Hemisphere.” It was exposed by The New York Times in 2013, with substantiating documents just revealed this week in The Daily Beast. In “Project Hemisphere,” AT&T sells metadata to law enforcement, under the aegis of the so-called war on drugs. A police agency sends in a request for all the data related to a particular person or telephone number, and, for a major fee and without a subpoena, AT&T delivers a sophisticated data set, that can, according to The Daily Beast, “determine where a target is located, with whom he speaks, and potentially why.” Where you go, what you watch, text and share, with whom you speak, all your internet searches and preferences, all gathered and “vertically integrated,” sold to police and perhaps, in the future, to any number of AT&T’s corporate customers. We can’t know if Alexander Graham Bell envisioned this brave new digital world when he invented the telephone. But this is the future that is fast approaching, unless people rise up and stop this merger. 
Advertisement",0
9002,LinkedIn in Russland: Kommt die Sperre?,"internet , gesetze Die Aufsichtsbehörde Roskomnadsor möchte einen Präzedenzfall schaffen. Quelle:AFP/East News 
LinkedIn, das größte soziale Netzwerk für Geschäftskontakte und die Jobsuche, könnte in Russland gesperrt werden. Laut der nationalen Internet-Aufsichtsbehörde Roskomnadsor verstoße LinkedIn gegen das russische Gesetz, das Onlinedienste verpflichtet, Daten russischer Nutzer auf russischen Servern zu speichern. 
Die Forderung, die seit dem 1. September 2015, also mehr als einem Jahr, besteht, wird von einigen Unternehmen bislang nicht umgesetzt. Im Sommer verklagte Roskomnadsor LinkedIn. Das Gericht sah die Behörde im Recht und fügte LinkedIn dem Index in Russland verbotener Seiten hinzu. 
Das Urteil ist noch nicht rechtskräftig, und so ist das soziale Netzwerk weiterhin verfügbar. Das Unternehmen ging in Berufung, die am 10. November dieses Jahres abgeschlossen werden soll. Sollte es der LinkedIn Corporation nicht gelingen, das Verbot abzuwenden, wäre es der erste Fall, in dem ein großes Internetunternehmen in Russland gesperrt wird, weil es sich weigert, Daten russischer Nutzer in Russland zu speichern. Im August des Jahres 2016 schätzte TNS die russischen LinkedIn-Nutzer auf 2,6 Millionen. „Jedes Jahr ein Skandal!"" 
LinkedIn äußerte sich bislang nicht zu dem Fall. Roskomnadsor hingegen warnt alle Unternehmen, die in Russland aktiv sind, aber keinen Firmensitz im Land haben. Zu diesen gehört unter anderem auch Facebook. Datenspeicherungsgesetz: Aus für Google, Facebook und Co.? „Wir sind der tiefsten Überzeugung, dass jedes Unternehmen, auch ein ausländisches, das hier vielleicht keine Vertretung hat, aber durch unsere Bürger Geld verdient, ihre Daten verarbeitet und damit Marketing betreibt, unter dieses Gesetz fallen muss"", sagt Wadim Ampelonski, Vertreter der Behörde, im Gespräch mit RBTH.
LinkedIn hatte die Aufmerksamkeit Roskomnadsors auf sich gezogen, da es laut der Behörde seit 2010 jedes Jahr zu einem Skandal bezüglich der Datensicherheit von Millionen von Nutzern komme. 
Das russische Unternehmen DataLine, das Rechenzentren betreibt, lässt verlauten, dass man bislang keine gesteigerte Nachfrage nach Server-Racks in Russland beobachten könne. Es heißt, große ausländische Unternehmen informierten sich noch. Zu einer Verlagerung der Infrastruktur nach Russland sei es noch nicht gekommen. „Bis zum Präzedenzfall versuchen sie, nichts zu unternehmen“, so ein Vertreter von DataLine. Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
9003,‘We’re an Easy Target’: Taken In by the Trump Brand - The New York Times,"The sales pitches seeking to separate Cheryl Lankford from her money began during the recession as she struggled to get back on her feet after the death of her husband, an American soldier serving in Iraq. Two of them were from companies that have boasted the Trump name. One was Trump University, the real estate sales seminar that Donald J. Trump promoted as a way for average people to profit from opportunities in the housing market. Ms. Lankford said she spent $35, 000 from an Army insurance payment to learn Mr. Trump’s secrets. Another was Cambridge Who’s Who, a vanity publisher promising “branding services” that seemed to complement the real estate business she hoped to create. She paid thousands of dollars to Cambridge, whose spokesman and “executive director of global branding” was Mr. Trump’s eldest son, Donald Jr. Six years later, Ms. Lankford, who is 44 and has a son, has little to show for the money she spent, aside from a nagging sense that she was taken advantage of. Several friends in her community in San Antonio fell for similar offers, she said, but most are not eager to talk about it. “As a widow, you find you were so dependent on your husband, and when you make a mistake because of predatory businesses, it’s embarrassing,” Ms. Lankford said. “We’re an easy target. ” “Easy target” might describe the audience for several enterprises stamped with the Trump brand that have been accused of preying upon desperation, inexperience or vanity. Some are well known. Trump University has most recently gained notice because of Mr. Trump’s attacks on the Mexican heritage of the judge overseeing a fraud lawsuit brought by former students. There was also a multilevel   enterprise, the Trump Network, that Mr. Trump had said would give hope to people looking to “opt out of the recession. ” But intersecting with these was another, largely unexamined, business venture, Cambridge Who’s Who, which generated hundreds of complaints that it deceptively peddled the promise of recognition in a registry, as well as branding and networking services of questionable value. Dozens of people who paid   businesses were also sold products by Cambridge, which benefited from its partnership with Donald Trump Jr. through “leveraging relationships built by the Trump empire,” according to Cambridge. Cambridge was not a Trump company it was operated by Randy Narod, a Long Island, N. Y. nightclub and bagel store owner barred from the securities industry for having had an impostor take his licensing exam. However, Cambridge gained the Trump imprimatur when the younger Mr. Trump came on board in 2010 and began promoting its services as a way for people to distinguish themselves in a tough economic climate. He worked in plugs for Cambridge during interviews on the Fox Business Network and TheStreet. com, did a promotional video and appeared in photos with Mr. Narod. Among them was one with another Trump executive at Trump Tower in New York, where, according to a news release, the three men discussed “strategies to expand the personal branding and professional networking services offered by Cambridge Who’s Who. ” Mr. Narod’s company said on its website that it had embarked on a “global expansion with the Trump Organization. ” “Branding is the best way to gain recognition and exposure, and nobody knows this more than the Trump Organization,” the younger Mr. Trump said in a promotion for Cambridge. Cambridge employees played up the Trump association when pursuing customers. “We had scripts to read when we made our calls to people, and when Donald Trump Jr. came along, our scripts were changed to include him in it,” said Joy Debono, a former Cambridge telemarketer. “We would basically say that Cambridge was a good company because Trump was involved in it. ” Donald Trump Jr. declined to answer questions about his work for Cambridge. His father’s presidential campaign issued a statement saying the younger Mr. Trump’s role at the company “was an arrangement made totally outside of the Trump Organization and there was never any commingling of the two corporations at any level. ” Mr. Narod said that the younger Mr. Trump worked with Cambridge for a year while also continuing as a top executive with the Trump Organization, and that he had been aware of the complaints against Cambridge, as well as Mr. Narod’s censure by the securities industry. “Don Jr. was hired for a very short time as a spokesperson to help our members with their personal branding, since he and his family build one of the biggest brands in the world,” Mr. Narod said. “We believed that he could be essential to enhance their online presence. ” The “who’s who” industry has a long and dubious history. There are some   companies that publish directories of professionals in various fields, such as lawyers and top corporate executives. But there are many others that target people of little distinction, shower them with accolades and then try to sell them costly “honors” such as placement in a directory or wall plaques. Cambridge and its subsidiary, Worldwide Branding, took the model a step further, adding the promise of branding  —   news releases, video biographies and a personalized web page  —   and networking with other Cambridge customers who paid a membership fee to join. When Donald Trump Jr. joined Cambridge, the company had already had about 400 complaints filed against it with the Better Business Bureau since 2006. Scores more appeared in online consumer forums like Ripoff Report, where customers vented about misleading sales calls, worthless products and difficulties getting refunds. Many of the complaints describe a similar pattern of aggressively steering people into ever more expensive products. A    woman from Kansas reported that she had paid $788 for services she claimed were “not worth $50 collectively” while she was going through a divorce and “looking for a way to make a living, build a new life and expand my career through this organization. ” After she complained to the New York State attorney general’s office, she eventually received a refund. “I felt so stupid,” the woman, identified only as “Pepper,” wrote in an online posting. “My takeaway is this: all is not gold that glitters, and that includes the Trump name. Buyer beware!” In Oregon, Phyllis Fread was in her 80s, dealing with Parkinson’s disease and had been retired from teaching for almost two decades when Cambridge started calling her at home, where she lived alone. Cambridge salespeople telephoned Ms. Fread  —   who did not use the internet  —   42 times trying to sell her networking services, a website and other products she did not need, according to an investigation by the Oregon attorney general’s office. Over a   period, Cambridge charged her $14, 593 for a video biography, calendars, a plaque and other items, including a news release in June 2010 titled “Phyllis J. Fread Reveals Her Secret to a Long Career in Education. ” The release included a mention of Donald Trump Jr. saying he “was eager to share his extensive experience” with Cambridge clients. Eventually, Ms. Fread reached her credit card limit and her son disconnected her telephone to stop Cambridge from calling. In a recorded interview with an investigator from the attorney general’s office, Ms. Fread became emotional as she recalled how “there were all kinds of things they’d push and I’d say, ‘I don’t want it at all. ’” “I remember saying, ‘Wait a minute, I don’t need anything, I don’t want anything.’ And then you couldn’t get a word in edgewise. I probably should have hung up,” she said. “But I didn’t. ” Cambridge was accused by the state of “unfair, deceptive and unconscionable practices” and settled without admitting guilt, issuing a refund to Ms. Fread in 2012. She died 18 months later. Mr. Narod said many complaints about Cambridge stemmed from early “growing pains” before it transitioned from just a     vanity publisher to one that added branding services. Cambridge  —   which in recent years has shifted its focus to finding customers outside the United States through a related venture called Worldwide Who’s Who  —   has worked to improve its sales techniques and to better address complaints, he said. The latest Better Business Bureau records show close to 100 complaints in the last three years about Cambridge and Worldwide. “It has been quite some time since Cambridge has received negative comments, and we believe that is a testament to the strength of our products and the work that we did to make necessary operational improvements,” Mr. Narod said. A search of online records, as well as interviews, turned up dozens of members who also paid other companies licensed or endorsed by the Trumps, although Mr. Narod denied that the businesses exchanged customer leads. “We have never shared or sold our data with the Trump Organization, Trump University or Trump Network,” he said. What they did have in common were sales appeals that had a similar theme of offering help navigating the recession. Ads for Trump University referred to government bailouts for banks, and asked the question, “Who’s helping you?” Similarly, Donald Trump Jr. went on Fox Business and said Cambridge clients “are people that the stimulus should be benefitting. ” “It’s a very difficult economy out there, a very difficult job market,” he told TheStreet. com while discussing Cambridge. “And you really have to position yourself so you can take advantage of all those things properly. ” Ms. Lankford, who heads her local Texas chapter of Gold Star Wives, which represents spouses of fallen soldiers, said she had lost money in the stock market collapse and decided to use an insurance payment from her husband’s death to try to start her own business. Her husband, Jonathan M. Lankford, a command sergeant major in the Army, died in Baghdad in September 2007. In late 2009, she responded to an appeal from Trump University, which promised to “turn anyone into a successful real estate investor” and paid for the full package of seminars. Soon, however, she found they were of little practical value and she began “calling them and asking for help. ” “They ended up putting me in touch with some fellow out in California who tried to talk me into investing in trailer parks,” she said. “It was a joke. ” Cambridge, meanwhile, was supposed to help Ms. Lankford “create my brand” to promote her real estate efforts, and in some of the many calls she received over several years, the company’s representative cited Donald Trump Jr. ’s role, she said. But after spending several thousand dollars  —   which got her, among other things, a wall plaque, a news release and a    web page  —   she said she received no meaningful benefits. Ms. Lankford never filed complaints or pursued refunds, saying that it probably would have been fruitless, and that she was too busy raising her young son on her own and trying to rebuild her life. She came away from her experience believing both businesses were “all about taking money from people who don’t have much to begin with. ” Besides Trump University, there were other   enterprises that resonated with Cambridge members struggling to get ahead. On one of several Cambridge websites for its members, a chat group created in 2010 titled “Making Money in a Recession” contained an appeal to join ACN, a multilevel marketer of telecommunications and energy services that was “endorsed by Donald Trump and was featured in an episode of ‘Celebrity Apprentice. ’” Mr. Trump’s financial disclosure shows that he has collected more than $1 million in speaking fees from ACN, which charged people $499 to sell its products with the promise of profits for bringing in additional members, and has been the subject of numerous complaints. There was also an appeal for the Trump Network, the marketer of vitamins and nutritional supplements to which Mr. Trump licensed his name. Originally called Ideal Health and rebranded in 2009, the Trump Network and its top salespeople lured those hit by the economic downturn, suggesting they could become rich through commissions for bringing in new recruits. Christine Turner, a disabled nurse in upstate New York, said a friend persuaded her to spend “close to $500” to get started with the Trump Network, but that it “didn’t pan out” after she struggled to get others involved. She also paid to join Cambridge, attracted to the prospect of networking with other members, but that did not work either. “I didn’t have any good experiences with members coming or approaching me or asking for products,” Ms. Turner said, adding that she did not hold her bad experiences against the Trumps. “I was fine with it, even with losing a little bit of money,” she said. “I really think that Donald Trump is a powerful businessman and I’m actually for him, I’m not afraid to say that. ”",0
9004,Sonoma County Voter Success Leads To Largest GMO-Free Zone In U.S.,"By Amanda Froelich It’s taken some time for word to spread due to the focus on Presidential-elect Donald Trump, but on November 8th, voters in Sonoma County successfully passed Measure M to make... ",0
9005,"More Beer, Less Vodka as Russians Mull Ongoing Crisis - Rustem Falyakhov","Bias bashers More Beer, Less Vodka as Russians Mull Ongoing Crisis 
With the crisis continuing, Russians are not only eating less, they are also drinking less - particularly vodka and other hard drinks. Against the background of an overall decline in alcohol consumption, Russian preferences are shifting to beer and wine Originally appeared at Russia & India Report 
The volume of retail trade turnover in Russia continues to decrease. In August, it fell by 0.1 percent compared to the previous month, compared to January-August last year, when it fell by 5.7 per cent, said analysts from the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA). They were citing data from the state statistical agency Rosstat and a survey conducted by the Institute for Social Analysis and Forecasting. 
The turnover is decreasing because Russians are not only eating less and cutting back on spending on services, but they are also drinking fewer alcoholic beverages. 
Sales of vodka dropped catastrophically’ 
From January to August 2016, vodka, liqueurs and brandies accounted for 42 percent of sales volume. Beer amounted to 44-45 percent of total sales of alcohol. Another 12-13 percent was wine production. 
Other beverages (cider, mead, etc.) made up less than 1 percent of alcohol products bought by people, according to RANEPA's monitoring data. 
The range of sales is clearly seasonal. Retailers usually sell more wine, champagne and vodka in December while sales of beer increase by 15-20 percent in mid-summer compared to the beginning of the year. 
""Retail sales of alcohol have significantly decreased over the past two years. 10.6 percent fewer alcoholic beverages were sold between January and August this year than during the same eight months of 2014,"" the survey report stated. Retail sales of alcoholic beverages bottomed out in January and April 2016. 
""Sales of vodka have dropped catastrophically,"" Alexandra Burdyak, a senior researcher at RANEPA and one of the authors of the study, said. ""The drop was 13.4 percent against the same period of last year. The main decline occurred last year, when sales of vodka decreased by 12.6 percent compared to 2014."" 
However, the wine production sector showed a different trend. The traditional New Year increase in sales of wine and champagne dragged on, with wine sales remaining at 2015 levels until May 2016. 
Burdyak said consumers first finished their earlier stored wine and then, as stocks in cabinets dried out, and lovers of wine and sparkling wines made sure that nothing was happening in the economy, the ruble was not strengthening and the prices of imported alcohol were not decreasing, they began to buy this type of alcohol again. 
The new generation of consumers 
According to Burdyak, the decrease in consumption of vodka and other alcoholic beverages has been steady since 2013. Strong alcohol consumption peaked in 2007, and it has been in decline since then. 
The taste of Russians, born in 1985 and later, has been shaped by western, primarily European influences; they prefer wine, beer and other light alcoholic beverages. 
However, Vadim Drobiz, director of the Centre for Federal and Regional Alcohol Market Studies (TSIFRRA), believes it is a little too early to talk about a reduction in alcohol consumption in Russia. 
""Because of the crisis, the main consumers of alcoholic drinks could have switched to cheaper options, this is possible,"" he said. ""But few people are capable of seriously saving on alcohol."" Drinking away the crisis 
Vodka consumption fell from 53 percent of retail sales, measured in terms of absolute alcohol content, in 2007-2009 to 39 percent in 2015. During the same period, the share of beer increased from 31-32 percent to 43 percent of total sales of alcoholic beverages. 
The total volume of retail sales is calculated in terms of absolute alcohol content as follows: Half a litre of vodka (40 percent alcohol) is equal to 200 grams of ethanol; one litre of beer (4 percent) is equivalent to 40 grams, and one litre of wine (12 percent) contains 120 grams of ethanol. 
These trends appear likely to continue over the next few years, though some analysts have reservations. 
""It should be borne in mind that consumers, and the Russians certainly in my experience, consider strong alcohol to be an antidepressant,"" Drobiz said. ""And that means that consumption of vodka and other spirits in the context of the ongoing economic crisis is not likely to fall.""",0
9006,"Desecrating the Koran? Police Arrest 9-Year-Old Christian Boy, Torture Him for Days and Attempt to put Him on Death Row","Email 
According to the reports, it appears the Muslims who accused him had no proof- they did this just for spite. They hate Christians and wanted to see a Christian die. 
The boy was eventually released, but not after pressure from international Christians aid groups. No Koran copy was ever found. The boy and his family are now in hiding, since Muslims are threatening to murder them if they find them: 
Inzam was at school when he was accused of having burnt a Koran on 20th October 2016, his mother Shakil who works as a Nurse at Civil Hospital, in Quetta was arrested with him on 21st October after registration of First Information Report (FIR) 167. 
The arrests were made without investigation on the testimony of a Muslim witness and was totally in accordance with the draconian blasphemy laws of Pakistan. A Muslim witness is given higher authority then non-Muslim testimonies under sharia law, these are Islamic laws that determine Pakistani law. 
News of the arrests created huge community tension, however prompt police action prevented threats to the Christian community and the formation of a mob from becoming a full scale attack on an innocent Christian community. 
Over the next four days local politicians and the BPCA have been clamouring for justice for the innocent mother and child. Four days by a miracle the two victims were released from Civil Lines Police station in Quetta on 25th October. The mother and child have expressed in no uncertain terms that they had been interrogated and suffered torture during their 4 day detainment. However despite their treatment they both did not confess to the crime of blasphemy. 
Moreover, Police have confirmed that no evidence of any alleged Koran desecration was found. ( source ) 
… 
Nasir Saeed, director of the Centre for Legal Aid, Assistance and Settlement, said in a statement that bringing blasphemy charges against a 9-year-old child shows just how the blasphemy laws are being used to promote hatred toward Christians. 
“He may have never have even heard the word of blasphemy,” Saeed said, referring to Izhan. “Unfortunately, this is the worst example of hatred and intolerance against Christians and treatment toward them in Pakistan.” 
“The government of Pakistan must look into such cases and take appropriate steps to bring necessary changes to stop the ongoing misuse of this law,” he added. “The international community has continuously expressed its concern and called for amendments.” ( source ) 
Violence against Christians in the Muslim world is rampant. Nobody is safe from accusations, torture, and death for no reason other than being a Christian, not even a small child. Daily life is for many Christians in places like Pakistan like living under the reign of Diocletian during the 4th century, who had Christians arrested and tortured just for fun, no differently than what happens in the Muslim world today. 
The West is not without its problems, and certainly there is a tremendous one today with Islam. However, there are many places in this world where Christians have literally no money, no place to go, and no help from anybody except Christ alone absolutely. Never forget them- for they are truly the Church suffering. 
Article posted with permission from Shoebat.com . Article by Andrew Bieszad. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
9007,Moveable Feast Cafe 2016/10/31 … Open Thread,"971 Views October 31, 2016 23 Comments Moveable Feast Herb Swanson 
2016/10/31 15:00:02Welcome to the ‘Moveable Feast Cafe’. The ‘Moveable Feast’ is an open thread where readers can post wide ranging observations, articles, rants, off topic and have animate discussions of the issues of the day. 
The ‘Moveable Feast Cafe’ will have two new open threads each week. 
The Saker stated moderation policy will apply eg ‘no caps’, no obscenity … etc to all post. 
The Cafe is now open for business … come on in and have a good time. 
Saker Webmaster The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95",0
9008,"No, Mexico Doesn’t Have A Wall On Its Southern Border—But If Trump Wins It Might Have To Build One","X Dear Reader! VDARE.com isn’t just a website. We are the voice of the Historic American Nation . Our goal is nothing less than to develop a full spectrum media network to speak up for our people during this difficult time for our country. Part of that means building institutions which are offline and in the real world. There’s something about a paper journal that suggests permanence, which inclines people to take it more seriously. And because the news cycle is so fast, some of the most important, substantial, and potentially influential writings fall through the cracks and don’t get the attention they deserve. For that reason, we’re proud to announce the creation of VDARE QUARTERLY, a print journal featuring the best material from our webzine. This will replace our yearly anthologies and ensure that the information and analysis you really don't want to miss will get in front of you as quickly as possible. However, we need your help. For us to unveil this exciting new product we need 600 magazines ordered to cover the print expenses. Fill out the form below to instantly receive a digital copy of VDARE QUARTERLY, and when we have the number of necessary subscribers it will go to print and your exclusive paper copy will ship directly to you! Depending on the package you choose, you will receive multiple paper copies (provided enough readers support the community effort). We encourage you to pass these around – they serve as an excellent gift for friends and family, while at the same time helping to build our community. VDARE QUARTERLY is aesthetically pleasing as well as ideologically powerful. But this isn’t just a service we are providing. VDARE QUARTERLY is a tangible manifestation of your investment in us, and in our country. A subscription is one of the most effective ways you can help us build our media network, expand our influence, and build the kind of movement we will need to take back our country and ensure our children have a recognizable America. 
We count on your support! Yours sincerely, Peter Brimelow, Editor of VDARE.com VDARE QUARTERLY countdown: 275 already ordered, 325 still to go",0
9009,Uber Releases Diversity Report and Repudiates Its ‘Hard-Charging Attitude’ - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   After a string of scandals this year, Uber has rushed to repair its corporate culture. The   company has started an internal investigation into workplace practices, issued apologies for some of its behavior, and has had several female executives and a board member speak up on its behalf. On Tuesday, Uber continued its mea culpa tour by releasing its first report detailing the composition of its work force, which depicted an overwhelmingly male employee base and showed that the largest ethnic group is white. In addition, the company forcefully repudiated its past, saying that its intense, masculine culture went too far. “Every strength, in excess, is a weakness,” Liane Hornsey, the recently appointed chief human resources officer, said in an interview at the company’s headquarters in San Francisco. “What has driven Uber to immense success  —   its aggression, the   attitude  —   has toppled over. And it needs to be shaved back. ” Fixing Uber’s culture and image has become a top priority for the privately held company, which is valued at nearly $70 billion. Last month, Uber’s dysfunctions were thrust into the public eye after a former engineer detailed her experience with sexual harassment and a lack of support from human resources at the company. Employees have described a cutthroat, political environment among some managers. Scrutiny has fallen on Uber’s chief executive, Travis Kalanick, who helped found the company and has set its tone. In recent weeks, Uber has moved quickly to shed that past. The company hired Eric H. Holder Jr. the former United States attorney general, and others to conduct an investigation of the workplace. Arianna Huffington, a board member, has repeatedly said that the company would no longer hire “brilliant jerks. ” Ms. Hornsey, a former executive at Google, has also moved into the hot seat. She joined Uber late last year from SoftBank and has essentially been given a blank check  —   money, head count, resources  —   to revamp the workplace processes and managerial styles put into place when the company was still a fledgling  . Along with resources, Ms. Hornsey has embarked on a “listening tour” with employees who wish to share grievances. She is reworking the human resources structure and how Uber rates employee performance, long considered a problem area for insiders. And she spoke on behalf of the company about the diversity report, which covered   employees but not drivers, who work as freelancers. The report’s numbers were stark. Only 36 percent of Uber’s work force is made up of women, while the technology jobs at the company  —   some 85 percent  —   are overwhelmingly held by men. In terms of racial composition, 50 percent of Uber’s employees in the United States are white and 31 percent are Asian, while 9 percent are black and 6 percent are Hispanic. “We have to build more trust with our employees, and transparency will build that trust,” Ms. Hornsey said of the report. In the past, Mr. Kalanick has resisted publishing a diversity report, current and former employees have said. In a statement on Tuesday, Mr. Kalanick said, “I know that we have been too slow in publishing our numbers  —   and that the best way to demonstrate our commitment to change is through transparency. And to make progress, it’s important we measure what matters. ” Compared with statistics at other technology companies, Uber’s diversity figures are not that different  —   and are modestly better than some. According to Google’s most recent diversity report, for example, just 31 percent of its work force are women. Google also said 81 percent of its technical jobs were held by men, while 1 percent of its employees in the United States were black and 3 percent were Hispanic. Many of the numbers stack up roughly along the same lines at Apple and Facebook. Many of the diversity issues at Uber are also endemic to Silicon Valley. The venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield  Byers was sued over gender discrimination in 2012 by a former partner it won the case in 2015. The software development   GitHub has also dealt with allegations of sexism and harassment. At Uber, issues of internal culture may have been compounded by its dizzying growth over the past few years. The service is available in hundreds of cities across more than 70 countries and completes hundreds of thousands of trip requests a day. In the last year alone, the company’s employee base has doubled in size to more than 12, 000. But that turbocharged expansion has come at a cost, employees have said. Growth, they said, was prioritized above anything else. That skewed the development of the organization into something that embraced the “cult of the individual,” Ms. Hornsey said. Top performers were rewarded and promoted into management positions. Some 63 percent of managers had never previously held a leadership position, and Uber did not provide much training for new managers, some said. “For the first several years, we had to just focus on executing our operational goals, and that was kind of the   ” said Nicole Cuellar, an operations and logistics manager who has worked at Uber for nearly four years. “There was never the need to think about our culture like that. And I don’t think it sunk in until we all had this really   experience. ” Among the things that Uber now has on the table to change are its list of 14 corporate values, which include being “super pumped” and “always be hustlin’. ” Mr. Kalanick is open to revising or adding new values, Ms. Hornsey said. She added that Uber was creating a task force to pinpoint major human resources failings, aided by Frances X. Frei, an adviser from Harvard Business School who has helped companies through organizational change. Uber also pledged to donate $3 million over the next three years to groups working on bringing women and underrepresented minorities into the tech industry. Some current and former employees have expressed concern over whether Uber will be able to change, given the   trait of aggressive individualism that Mr. Kalanick has fostered. But others like Tasneem Minadakis, who is active in Uber’s LadyEng organization, an internal group at the company that supports and campaigns for women, said they have been galvanized by the efforts to fix the culture. In total, Ms. Minadakis said LadyEng has more than 500 employees eager to enact change. “They really do believe that this company can be a force for good,” Ms. Hornsey said. “If it could only stop shooting itself in the foot. ”",0
9010,"Terrorism Threat: Trump is Right — Profile, Profile, Profile","Terrorism Threat: Trump is Right — Profile, Profile, Profile Written by Selwyn Duke Email 
You do it. I do it. He does it. She does it. The guy down the block does it. Everyone engages in profiling — continually. 
For example, if you see a bunch of rough-hewn young men walking down the block and you move to the other side; if you patronize the deli with the clean-cut guy behind the counter and not the one with the tattooed, body-pierced, greasy-haired Greenwich Village retread; or prefer a 50-year-old school bus driver for your child to a 22-year-old one, you’ve engaged in profiling. How about when a mother would choose a 17-year-old girl to babysit her child but definitely not a 17-year-old boy because most child molestation is committed by males? Is that fair? After all, just as most Muslims don’t engage in terrorism, most young men don’t molest children. But life’s not fair. And anyone who thinks a profile is invalidated simply because most members of the group in question don’t conform to it, doesn’t understand profiling. 
As Dr. Walter Williams has put it, profiling is a method by which we can make decisions based on scant information when the cost of obtaining more information would be too high. For example, since you can’t spend a month living with a prospective babysitter, getting to know him personally, we have to use “an observable or known physical attribute as a proxy or estimator of some other unobservable or unknown attribute,” as Williams has put it . It’s the same with airport security, where thousands of people must be screened within a short time. And doctors profile, too; to use some examples Williams has cited, black men have a prostate cancer rate twice that of white men, physicians check women and not men for breast cancer even though men occasionally develop it, and recommend prostate exams for men over 40 but not for 25-year-olds. When a doctor does this, is he guilty of “racism,” “sexism” and “ageism”? 
What all this reflects is simply the reality of “diversity.” And given that criminality isn’t the one area of life where differences among groups suddenly cease to exist, it’s not surprising that authorities, instead of checking their brain at the door, also use profiling. In their realm, the practice is used to determine the probability that a given individual has committed a crime or has criminal intent. And a profile can include many factors. For example, I’m a member of perhaps the most profiled group in the nation — men — who police view more suspiciously than women because men commit an inordinate portion of the crime. Young people are also viewed more suspiciously for the same reason. 
Aside from sex and age, other factors in a criminal profile can pertain to dress, behavior, the car being driven, whether a person is out of place in a given neighborhood and many other things — including race, ethnicity and religion. And this is where we have to be careful not to descend into prejudice and unjust discrimination. 
Of course, we have to know what that would be. Here’s a good example: if you bat not an eye at profiling men or young people but then complain about profiling Muslims or blacks, you’re prejudiced. If you insist that considering racial factors is “racism” but don’t call the profiling of men and the young “sexism” and “ageism,” you’re prejudiced. And if after having been made aware of this double standard, you persist in it, you are, practically speaking, a bad person. 
This point cannot be made often enough. There are only two kinds of profiling: Good profiling and bad profiling. Good profiling considers all relevant factors, in accordance with legitimate criminological science; bad profiling does not. Yet propagandists, and the genuinely misguided, have convinced people that the truth is precisely the opposite of what it is: that not cherry-picking — refusing to exclude certain relevant racial factors from a profile — is so-called “racial profiling” and is wrong. (They descend into further inanity in claiming that profiling Muslims is “racial profiling” even though “Islam” is not a race.) 
I wrote “certain relevant racial factors” because the anti-profiling crew has no problem profiling whites. For example, we often hear that mass shooters are inordinately white; the kicker here is that this is untrue . As I demonstrated in 2014 by analyzing data provided by left-wing site Mother Jones , whites commit mass shootings in accordance with their overall percentage of the population (interestingly, the only group overrepresented in this category was Americans of Asian descent). This brings us to another point: leftists engage in profiling no less than anyone else. 
They just do it all wrong. 
Consider: immediately following the 2015 San Bernardino shooting, MSNBC suggested it might have been perpetrated by pro-lifers (profile: “white Christians”). CNN opined that it could have been the handiwork of militia types (profile: “white Christians”). Of course, probability dictated the culprits were precisely who they turned out to be: Muslims. This brings us to the last point: the Left engages in projection when it complains that comprehensive profiling reflects prejudice and unjust discrimination. 
In reality, the Left’s profiling is all about prejudice and unjust discrimination. 
As Dictionary.com informs , a prejudice is “an unfavorable opinion or feeling formed beforehand or without knowledge, thought, or reason.” The assumption that the San Bernardino terrorists were Muslim wasn’t a prejudice, but simply a reflection of criminological knowledge. Likewise, that 87 percent of those targeted by the NYC police’s stop-and-frisk program were black or Hispanic didn’t reflect prejudice, but the reality that 96 percent of all crimes in NYC are committed by blacks and Hispanics. 
In contrast, the Left’s profiling is not about scientific correctness but political correctness, not about what a group does but what it is . Can a group be profiled? Christians, yes; Muslims, no. Whites, yes; blacks, no. Men, yes; women, no. Heterosexuals, yes; homosexuals, no. It is all prejudice, all of the time. 
Unfortunately, none of the arguments above, no matter how well or how often stated, will do anything to purge this leftist prejudice. To paraphrase satirist Jonathan Swift, “You cannot reason a man out of a position he has not reasoned himself into.” Leftists are divorced from Truth and operate based on feelings, and a misbegotten emotional attachment cannot be remedied with an intellectual approach. Instead, political correctness must die. Until exhibiting such means what speaking the Truth does now — scorn, ostracism and career destruction — until it is rooted out from the culture-shaping media, academia and entertainment, we’ll be left with the Left’s profiling and not the right profiling. 
How could this be accomplished? By counteracting the social code of political correctness and its attendant social pressure with social pressure designed to deny posturing leftists their illusory high ground; turn a source of moral preening into a source of shame. To oppose proper profiling is to harm our society. To support unjust double standards in profiling is to be prejudiced. And doing this even after hearing the truth, is to be a bad person. 

, follow him on Twitter or log on to SelwynDuke.com Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
9011,Ivanka Trump Surprised by ‘Level of Viciousness’ in Washington D.C.,"Ivanka Trump said she was surprised by the level of viciousness in Washington, D. C. after her family moved to the city to join her father President Donald Trump in the White House. [“It is hard and there is a level of viciousness that I was not expecting,” she admitted in an interview with Fox and Friends. “I was not expecting the intensity of this experience. ”  Trump made an appearance on the network to discuss her work on job training and skills based education to help people looking for work. “I’m trying to keep my head down, not listen to the noise and just work really hard to make a positive impact in the lives of many people,” Trump said, reminding viewers that life was more difficult for people who were laid off or for a mother that lost their child to opioid abuse. “My father’s administration intends to be transformative and we want to do big, bold things. We’re looking to change the status quo,” she said. President Trump will travel with his daughter Ivanka to a technical school in Wisconsin this week to highlight the importance of   education and apprenticeships. Ivanka Trump said she was also surprised by the amount of photographers outside her home in Washington, D. C. “That is a weird experience,” she laughed. “I’m looking for alternative routes out of my home but you know, there is a scrutiny and there is an interest that exceeds anything that I’ve ever experienced before. ”",0
9012,The Latest Dirt on the Clinton Foundation,"
 
How much money can one steal?
 
 
New information has surfaced regarding more criminality of the Clinton Foundation. The trail of criminality never ends. Here is the latest.
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.


",0
9013,Video: ‘Rude’ CNN Reporter Asks Trump Why He’s Taking Time Off To Open A Hotel,"Video: ‘Rude’ CNN Reporter Asks Trump Why He’s Taking Time Off To Open A Hotel Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is at home sleeping Steve Watson | Infowars.com   
GOP nominee Donald Trump took time out of a relentless campaign schedule Wednesday to spend around an hour opening a new hotel, prompting one CNN reporter to accuse Trump of “taking time out of swing states.” Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is again nowhere to be seen. 
CNN’s Dana Bash suggested that Trump should be more concerned with campaigning in swing states, yet Trump had three campaign stops scheduled for the same day. Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
“So to people who say you’re taking time out of swing states to go do this, you say?” Bash asked. 
“I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I’ve been doing this for weeks straight,” Trump responded. 
“For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you’ll ask me that question. I think that’s a very rude question, to be honest with you.” Trump exclaimed. 
Trump added that the opening of the hotel also served to prove a point that he can get things built under budget and ahead of schedule, suggesting that the country needs to be able to follow suit. 
While CNN has continuously run defense for Hillary Clinton amid a myriad of scandals, and even rigged its own polls to suggest she won the debates, the network has been forced to admit that Hillary is running an extremely light campaign schedule. 
Last month, for example, Hillary went six days without an event except for a short speech she gave in Orlando, Florida. 
And in August, Hillary took seven of the first 14 days of the month off and even went four days without a single campaign appearance. 
“Her speeches are so short – they don’t last long, they’re like 10 minutes and ‘let’s get out of here,’” Donald Trump said about her schedule. “Go back home and go to sleep.” NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
9014,Trump Faces Test as Boeing Announces Deal to Sell Jetliners to Iran - The New York Times,"The Boeing Company announced a tentative agreement on Tuesday to sell up to 60 737s to an Iranian airline, a transaction valued at $6 billion that angered American critics of Iran and appeared likely to test the Trump administration’s avowed hostility toward that country. Boeing, a leading commercial aerospace company and a top American exporter, said in a statement that the agreement, which requires United States government approval, would create about 18, 000 American jobs. The company’s agreement with Aseman Airlines, an Iranian carrier described as the nation’s third largest, is the first to be announced by any big American business with Iran since President Trump took office in January. Boeing announced an agreement last December to sell 80 commercial aircraft to Iran Air, the national carrier, a deal valued at $16. 6 billion. Commercial aircraft sales to Iran are permitted under the nuclear agreement reached in 2015 involving Iran and major global powers, including the United States. The agreement relaxed many economic sanctions against Iran in return for the country’s verifiable pledges that its nuclear work would be peaceful in nature. Mr. Trump has repeatedly denounced the nuclear agreement, describing it as a giveaway to a country that he and his aides have called a leading state sponsor of terrorism and a destabilizing force in the Middle East. But Mr. Trump also has vowed to protect American industries and workers from foreign competition. Aerospace analysts said that together, Boeing’s deals with Iran amount to a test of the Trump administration’s priorities. If Boeing is forbidden to sell the aircraft to Iran, plane makers in other countries might fill the gap. “There was always going to be a clash over this issue,” said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at the Teal Group, an aviation research consultancy in Fairfax, Va. “Trump campaigned on getting tough with Iran,” Mr. Aboulafia said, but “at the end of the day, these are manufacturing jobs. It’s really hard to say, ‘Yes, we are giving this work to the Europeans. ’” The Boeing announcement contrasted with other signs of growing hostility between the Trump administration and Iran. Last month, the United States imposed sanctions on 25 Iranian entities and individuals over what the White House called illegal Iranian missile tests. Mr. Trump included Iran on the blacklist of   countries subject to his proposed visa ban, which is currently blocked in the courts. It was not clear from the Boeing announcement whether the tentative deal with Aseman Airlines had been negotiated under President Trump or under President Barack Obama. Boeing officials did not immediately return emailed requests for comment. The announcement, posted on Boeing’s website, said Aseman intended to buy 30 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft valued at $3 billion, with rights to purchase an additional 30. Deliveries would be scheduled to start in 2022. Aseman currently has a fleet of 31 aircraft, a mixture of Boeing, Airbus and Fokker models with an average age of 25 years, according to the website Planespotters. net. The Boeing deal requires permission from the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Treasury Department, which has regulatory authority over such transactions with Iran. Not mentioned in the Boeing announcement, but still a significant hurdle for both sides, is how the company would be paid for the aircraft. Under sanctions that are still in place against Iran, the country cannot use the American banking system, so transactions must be conducted overseas in currencies other than the dollar. Iran has one of the oldest commercial aircraft fleets in the world, a legacy of the prolonged estrangement with the United States that blocked the Iranians from refurbishing or replacing many of their   planes. American critics of Iran in Congress and elsewhere have repeatedly objected to Boeing’s plans to sell new aircraft to Iran, arguing that at least some of the planes could be diverted for illicit military use. Representative Peter Roskam of Illinois, an influential Republican who has long opposed Boeing’s intentions in Iran, called the tentative deal announced on Tuesday “outrageous” and observed that it had coincided with reports that President Bashar   of Syria, Iran’s Middle East ally, was responsible for a deadly chemical weapons attack in his   country. “On the same day Bashar  ’s air force dropped chemical weapons onto children, an American company announced its intent to sell airplanes to Assad’s patrons in Tehran,” Mr. Roskam said in a statement. He expressed hope that the Trump administration would “everything within its power” to stop the sale. Boeing says that there are sufficient safeguards in place to prevent Iranian misuse of the aircraft, and that the tentative deal announced on Tuesday is legal under the nuclear agreement. “This deal presents Trump with the mother of all dilemmas,” said Cliff Kupchan, chairman of the Eurasia Group, a political risk consultancy based in Washington. “It would create a lot of jobs  —   he’s all about that,” Mr. Kupchan said. “But planes are inherently   can ferry troops around, and Trump is dug in on curbing Iranian influence in the region. It’s a big bet by Boeing, and the firm probably has an uphill fight on its hands. ”",0
9015,"Time Inc. Plots a Future Beyond Its Heyday, as Suitors Line Up - The New York Times","Onstage at a recent industry conference with the longtime leaders of the country’s biggest magazine publishers, Rich Battista, the new chief executive of Time Inc. did not seem the outsider. Tieless, with legs crossed, he ticked off his company’s latest accomplishments  —   robust digital growth, updated advertising capabilities  —   with the swagger of a knowing publishing chieftain. “There’s something really exciting happening at our company,” he said, echoing what had become something of a rallying cry at Time Inc. “We’re taking our brand to really exciting new places. ” A former television executive, Mr. Battista, 52, has been charged with revitalizing the most storied magazine publisher in the country. At the helm of the nearly   Time Inc. since September, he has quickly worked to transform the home of Time, People and Sports Illustrated into a multimedia, multipurpose company, with a strategy heavy on online video, television and entertainment  —   and noticeably lighter on magazine journalism. Among the ideas the company has floated: offering people paid services like a    club and insurance for pets. Mr. Battista’s zeal, however, may not be enough to save the Time empire, whose weekly publications helped propel the national conversation for decades but have struggled to maintain their relevance in the digital media environment. Time Inc. ’s revenue has fallen every year since 2011, and investors have punished its stock since the company was spun off from Time Warner nearly three years ago. Brutal cost cuts and relentless executive churn have roiled the company. Smelling blood, potential acquirers have been circling the company for months. And while the board has not yet decided whether to pursue a sale, it has asked suitors to submit formal bids by this week, according to two people briefed on the company’s plans. Five parties, including Meredith Corporation and an investor group led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. and the media executive Ynon Kreiz, have expressed interest in buying the company in its entirety, the people said. Early last month, Time Inc. filed an amended    severance plan with the Securities and Exchange Commission that protects bonuses for executives deemed most likely to be affected by a sale. Time Inc. rebuffed a takeover bid of at least $18 a share from Mr. Bronfman and Mr. Kreiz last year, and it could ultimately decide not to sell. The company is also considering bringing on an outside investor. Mr. Battista and Jen Wong, 42, Time Inc. ’s new chief operating officer, maintain that they are committed to advancing their plans for the company. During a recent interview at its new headquarters in downtown Manhattan, both insisted that Time was on solid footing despite its lackluster financial performance, and that it was done with any   about what its strategy should be. “Those things are behind us,” said Ms. Wong, a former executive of the website PopSugar. “We’re really focused on growth now. ” In a note to employees several weeks ago, Mr. Battista introduced an “innovation challenge” intended to “surface ideas for new   products and services to offer our consumers. ” The winning team will receive $10, 000. “Think of it,” he said, “as a Time Inc. ‘Shark Tank. ’” Time Inc. with its portfolio of 22 magazine titles in the United States and 15 digital properties, has for years been a vastly different company from the one Henry R. Luce founded in 1922. Although the print business still brings in roughly   of the company’s $3 billion in annual revenue, focus has shifted toward other revenue opportunities, including short online videos and events. The magazines share resources, and editors work with the business side, an idea that for much of the company’s history would have been anathema. More symbolically, Time Inc. recently moved from the iconic Time  Life building in Midtown to a nondescript skyscraper in Lower Manhattan. “It has always been the case that former Time Inc. people say it’s not what it used to be. Now it’s really not what it used to be,” said Daniel Okrent, a longtime former editor at Time Inc. who was also the first public editor of The New York Times. “It has the misfortune of having the same name, but it’s not related. ” Like other print publishers that have experienced drastic declines in advertising and circulation, Time Inc. has slashed costs, closed bureaus and let talented but expensive journalists go. In the last year, it has replaced longtime editors at Real Simple and InStyle and laid off about 100 people across the company. While the occasional story in People still generates buzz and Time’s covers sometimes draw attention (one from October featuring an illustration of President Trump won the American Society of Magazine Editors’ Cover of the Year award) Time Inc. ’s magazines no longer set the agenda or break memorable stories the way they once did. But analysts and former employees also describe distinct challenges and missed opportunities that made it hard for the company to adapt to a shifting media landscape. Management disagreements and cost cuts in the 2000s led to   departures that bled the company of talent and left it without a clear succession plan. Until the spinoff, Time Warner and its chief executive, Jeffrey L. Bewkes, took Time Inc. ’s earnings and invested them in   businesses like HBO, leaving Time Inc. itself with little money for reinvestment. “He saw that he had a stable full of horses, but he also saw that he had a garage full of cars,” Josh Quittner, a former editor and digital editorial director at Time Inc. said about Mr. Bewkes. “So he was going to invest in the garage full of cars. ” A Time Warner spokesman said, “Time Warner has always fully invested in all of our operations, including Time Inc. when we owned it. ” Sitting on opposite sides of a table in a conference room near Time Inc. ’s boardroom  —   where a painting of Luce hangs  —   Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong lauded new services and products, including a platform for youth sports, called Sports Illustrated Play, and a streaming video channel from People and Entertainment Weekly. The company has also poured resources into digital video. It recently started a personal finance video series called Coinage. Just last week, it introduced Well Done, a   brand for social platforms including Facebook and Instagram. For the bigger screen, the company is working with television networks, including ABC and Investigation Discovery, on shows and special events that it can also cover in its magazines. “It’s very organic for us to write an article about a new show that’s launching that we happen to be involved in,” Mr. Battista said. “That’s a great example of using our print assets to build new revenue streams. ” Time Inc. is also focusing more on advertising. The company recently purchased several ad technology and data companies, including Viant, the owner of Myspace. And it now has its own advertising studio in Brooklyn called the Foundry. Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong insisted that Time Inc. ’s magazines were still important to the company. And in early February, Mr. Battista and Alan Murray, Time Inc. ’s chief content officer, sent a note to employees praising recent developments at the company, including a bump in Time magazine’s online audience. “These achievements are a testament to one of our key points of difference  —   Time Inc. ’s trusted, quality journalism,” they wrote. But Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong also said the company was looking to leverage the company’s   titles into other revenue opportunities. “The foundation of the company is, has been and will remain the power of these brands,” Mr. Battista said. “It’s about extending these brands and taking these brands far beyond, obviously, the printed word, which was the legacy of this company. ” To some in the industry, Time Inc. seems to be on the right track even if its financial results suggest otherwise. And within the company, some have described a new sense of collaboration. Employees congregate in common areas, where there are bowls of fruit and free snacks. The company’s new headquarters feature bright video studios and test kitchens, instead of the bar carts and palatial executive offices of yore. (Laura Brown, the new editor in chief of InStyle, coyly described the space as “high concept. ”) “I think they’re absolutely doing the right thing,” said Tim Nollen, an analyst at Macquarie Capital. But, he added, “It remains to be seen how they actually can monetize what they’re doing. ” Still, the   on traditional journalism has not gone unnoticed. One editorial employee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering his employer, noted that whether the strategy worked or not, it was not going to lead to the kind of work that the company had historically prized. Time Inc. is now targeting $100 million in cost cuts this year, though it will not specify what parts of the company will be affected. The company expects revenue for this year to be roughly flat. Still, Mr. Battista and Ms. Wong are optimistic about Time Inc. ’s future. They project that digital advertising revenue will reach $600 million this year and $1 billion in the coming years, and are confident that the company will return to growth. But Time Inc. ’s future as an independent company is uncertain. There are certainly obstacles to a sale. Meredith flirted with buying Time Inc. in 2013, but a sale fell through in part because Meredith reportedly did not want to buy four of the   titles  —   Time, Fortune, Money and Sports Illustrated. And while some see value in Time Inc. ’s   videos, others involved in the magazine industry say the company’s appeal may not be in all of its new bells and whistles. In the end, it may be in those venerable magazines that made it so prominent in the first place.",0
9016,Bomb in Istanbul Kills 11 Near Tourist District - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   A car bomb destroyed a police vehicle near a central tourist district in Istanbul on Tuesday morning, instantly killing 11 people and wounding dozens more, Turkish officials said, the latest in a series of deadly attacks in the country. Explosives in a parked car were detonated by remote control as a police shuttle bus passed through the historic Beyazit district during rush hour, Gov. Vasip Sahin of Istanbul said in a televised statement. Seven of the dead were police officers, Governor Sahin said. Although there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, militants from two groups Turkey is currently fighting  —   the Islamic State and the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or P. K. K.  —   have staged major suicide attacks in urban areas this year. Militants from the P. K. K. which has carried out an insurgency against the Turkish state for more than three decades, have claimed responsibility for similar attacks against Turkish security forces since the breakdown of a fragile peace process last July. A militant group with links to the Kurdish organization claimed responsibility for two major attacks this year in the capital, Ankara, that struck a military convoy and civilians, killing dozens. Violence has surged in the country’s predominately Kurdish southeast in recent months, after Turkey undertook a major military operation to eradicate militants from their strongholds in the region. The Turkish authorities have imposed    curfews across several southeastern cities and pounded Kurdish militant targets with tanks and artillery, and they claim to have killed almost 5, 000 militants. In the process, they have reduced many Kurdish cities to rubble. Critics of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan say he deliberately   the peace process with the Kurds last year to stir nationalist sentiments after his ruling Justice and Development Party fared poorly in a first round of parliamentary elections. Premeditated or not, the tactic worked, as the party went on to win in a landslide in November, prompting the president to say the country had voted for stability. Despite that victory, violence sharply escalated and the P. K. K. ’s youth branches, fighting for   began carrying out increasingly sophisticated attacks in urban areas. Last month, lawmakers from Mr. Erdogan’s governing party pushed through a contentious amendment to the Turkish Constitution that would strip lawmakers’ immunity. Analysts say the move will lead to the ouster of Kurdish politicians, many of whom could face terrorism charges. Kurdish politicians have warned that their exclusion from Parliament could aggravate tensions in the southeast. On Tuesday, Mr. Erdogan visited the victims of the Istanbul attack in the hospital, where he vowed to continue to battling terrorism. “Let me be clear, terrorist organizations distinguishing between civilians, soldiers and police does not mean anything to us. The end target is always human beings,” he told reporters outside the hospital. “Turkey will never abandon its fight against terrorism. ” The attack on Tuesday occurred close to Istanbul University, the Vezneciler subway station and the city’s historic district, which includes the   Suleymaniye Mosque. Video from the scene showed a police shuttle bus flipped on its side with its windows blown out, alongside another police bus with scorch marks and near the wreckage of a charred car. Other damaged vehicles littered the street nearby. Istanbul has been on high alert since two suicide attacks this year that were attributed to the Islamic State. Fears about terrorism have been blamed for the greatest decline in tourism in Turkey since 1999. The Ministry of Tourism announced last month that the number of visitors in April had fallen 28 percent from a year earlier.",0
9018,"‘A Fire Happened in the Newborn Unit, and Your Baby Died’ - The New York Times","BAGHDAD  —   If there were one safe place in Iraq, it should be a hospital nursery, locked down for the night with dozens of babies nestled inside. But here, not even that is a given. When a fire started late Tuesday night in the maternity wing of one of Baghdad’s main hospitals, it quickly engulfed the babies’ room. And then, in another Iraqi tragedy in a horrifying line of preventable ones, nothing worked. Hospital workers raced to save the infants, but no one could find the keys to unlock the nursery. Inexplicably, no nurses seemed to be inside. Apparently, none of the fire extinguishers functioned. It took nearly an hour and a half for firefighters to arrive. Some thought the initial cause may have been an oxygen tank explosion that set off an electrical fire. But on Wednesday morning, only one thing was certain: At least 13 infants were dead, and with them a small piece of Iraq’s future. There was Yaman Muaad, a baby boy born by cesarean section on Tuesday who died a few hours later. There was Jafar Kahtan, a baby being treated for breathing difficulties. There was Zahra Hussein, a baby girl born on Monday, whose grandfather was frantically looking for her on Wednesday. Many more were still unaccounted for. And at least 25 people, mostly infants, were being treated for burns or smoke inhalation. All Iraqi officials could manage was what they typically do in the face of tragedy: establish a committee. “A committee has been formed to investigate the incident, and so far we don’t know the reasons of the incident,” Dr. Ahmed   a spokesman for the Health Ministry, said at a news conference on Wednesday. “We are awaiting the results of the investigations. ” After years of unsolved tragedy and unanswered demands for improvements, hardly anyone here believes official promises anymore. “Such tragedies have become normal to Iraqi officials, and this case will be closed, just as the other ones,” said Adnan Hussein, the acting editor in chief at Al Mada, one of Baghdad’s daily newspapers. In their agony and tears as they gathered outside Yarmouk hospital on Wednesday morning, families of the dead babies were inconsolable. Some even made accusations of arson, though there was no evidence to support that claim. “There was screaming,” said Mariam Thijeel, the mother of Yaman, describing the scene at the hospital early Wednesday. “The power was cut off, and then the doors got locked on us, and there was no man in the newborn section, and we could not save any babies. ” She described a scene of panic and chaos, and said that people in the hospital had tried desperately to find someone with keys to the hospital wing that was on fire, the doors of which were locked. “We asked the help of one of the employees, but she said, ‘I cannot help you with anything, because it’s a fire,’ ” Ms. Thijeel said. Zainab Ali, Jafar’s mother, said: “Today I have come to see him and I was told, ‘A fire happened in the newborn unit, and your baby died. ’” She said she had heard that none of the fire extinguishers worked. A third mother, Shayma Husain, came to the hospital looking for her infant son, Haider Mohammad Azeez, who had not been accounted for. Angry and tearful, she compared the leaders of the   hospital to the militants of the Islamic State  —   saying, in effect, that politicians and terrorists were both responsible for Iraq’s endless trauma. Painful reminders of the Iraqi state’s degradation are all around. The United States spent tens of billions of dollars of reconstruction money in Iraq to build hospitals and schools and improve electricity. Yet the lights are on just a few hours a day from the public grid. Generators, if Iraqis can afford them, provide the rest. Hospitals are facing deprivation not seen since the economic sanctions of the 1990s, in part because plummeting oil prices have left the government impoverished in the middle of a war against the Islamic State. “The structure of the system of the state is wrongly built, and there is no seriousness in building state institutions,” said Ahmed Saadawi, a prominent writer who chronicled Baghdad’s tragedies in his prizewinning novel, “Frankenstein in Baghdad. ” Many Iraqis say the state’s dysfunction is caused by a political system the Americans helped establish that is based on sectarian quotas. People are given jobs in ministries based on patronage and sect, not competence, and corruption is rampant. And then bad things happen, like a fire breaking out in a hospital maternity ward and terrorists driving car bombs through checkpoints staffed by police officers with fake bomb detectors. “We have good medical competence and good doctors, but there are problems and defects in the state administration,” Mr. Saadawi said. “They always put the wrong people in the important places. ” The last big news out of Iraq was a devastating truck bomb last month in Baghdad that killed close to 300 people, the worst terrorist attack in the capital since the American invasion of 2003. The bombing set off an inferno that engulfed a shopping mall where families and young people were celebrating one of the last nights of the holy month of Ramadan  —   eating with friends, shopping, watching a big soccer game on television. In that attack, many more died from the fire than from the bomb blast, and in the aftermath officials blamed poor safety procedures and a lack of fire exits for the number of deaths. Like the bombing, the fire at the hospital would probably have been less deadly had the government put in place adequate safety measures or responded sooner. “I was at the incident today and saw the disaster with my own eyes,” said Mohammed   a member of the security committee on Baghdad’s provincial council. “There was clear negligence from the administration of the hospital, and there were no safety measures. ” There were no protests in Baghdad on Wednesday as there were after last month’s terrorist attack, only muted outrage and a tragic sense of familiarity. One man, Mohammed Sameer, wrote on Facebook, “A crime after a crime, death followed by death, and the government keeps silent. ” He added, “Oh my God, what a big crime today. ” There was also the usual violence on Tuesday and Wednesday, the sort that has long been a feature of the city’s routines. According to the Interior Ministry, a suicide car bombing at a checkpoint in the neighborhood of Dora killed four soldiers and injured 11 people a roadside bomb killed four people at a public market in the Nahrawan district and a suicide bomber killed four soldiers in the Rasheed district. As Mr. Hussein, the newspaper editor, put it: There is “no safe place in Iraq at all. ”",0
9019,"Le e-mail di Hillary Clinton e la Fratellanza, di Thierry Meyssan","Le e-mail di Hillary Clinton e la Fratellanza di Thierry Meyssan L’indagine dell’FBI sulle e-mail private di Hillary Clinton non verte su una negligenza in merito alle norme di sicurezza, ma su un complotto mirante a distrarre ogni traccia delle sue corrispondenze che avrebbero dovuto essere memorizzate sui server dello Stato federale. Potrebbe includere scambi su finanziamenti illeciti o su casi di corruzione, e altro sui collegamenti dei coniugi Clinton con i Fratelli Musulmani e i jihadisti.
Rete Voltaire | Damasco (Siria) | 2 novembre 2016 ελληνικά English Español français Türkçe русский Deutsch Português Hillary Clinton e il suo capo di gabinetto Huma Abedin. Il rilancio dell’inchiesta dell’FBI sulle e-mail private di Hillary Clinton non verte tanto su questioni di sicurezza, quanto su intrighi che potrebbero andare fino all’alto tradimento.
Tecnicamente, anziché utilizzare un server sicuro del governo federale, il Segretario di Stato aveva installato nel suo domicilio un server privato, in modo da poter utilizzare Internet senza lasciare tracce su una macchina dello Stato federale. Il tecnico privato della signora Clinton aveva ripulito il suo server prima dell’arrivo del FBI, così che non era possibile sapere il motivo per cui lei avesse messo in opera questo dispositivo.
Inizialmente, l’FBI ha osservato che il server privato non aveva subito la procedura di sicurezza del server del Dipartimento di Stato. La Clinton aveva quindi commesso solo un errore di sicurezza. In un secondo tempo, l’FBI ha sequestrato il computer dell’ex parlamentare Anthony Weiner. Costui è l’ex marito di Huma Abedin, capo dello staff di Hillary. Lì sono stati trovati messaggi di posta elettronica provenienti dalla Segretaria di Stato.
Anthony Weiner è un politico ebreo, molto vicino ai Clinton, che aspirava a diventare sindaco di New York. Fu costretto a dimettersi dopo uno scandalo assai puritano: aveva inviato SMS erotici a una giovane donna diversa da sua moglie. Huma Abedin si separò ufficialmente da lui nel corso di questa bufera, ma in realtà non lo lasciò.
Huma Abedin è una statunitense allevata in Arabia Saudita. Suo padre gestisce una rivista accademica – di cui è stata per anni la segretaria editoriale - che riproduce regolarmente il parere dei Fratelli Musulmani. Sua madre presiede l’associazione saudita delle donne che fanno parte della Fratellanza e ha lavorato con la moglie dell’ex presidente egiziano Mohamed Morsi. Suo fratello Hassan lavora per conto dello sceicco Yusuf al-Qaradawi, predicatore dei Fratelli Musulmani e consigliere spirituale di Al-Jazeera.
In occasione di una visita ufficiale in Arabia Saudita, la segretaria di Stato visita il collegio Dar al-Hekma accompagnata da Saleha Abedin (madre del suo capo di gabinetto), presidente dell’Associazione delle Sorelle che fanno parte della Fratellanza. Huma Abedin è oggi una figura centrale nella campagna elettorale clintoniana, accanto al responsabile della campagna, John Podesta, ex segretario generale della Casa Bianca sotto la presidenza di Bill Clinton. Podesta è inoltre il lobbista ufficiale del Regno dell’Arabia Saudita al Congresso, per la modica cifra di 200 mila dollari mensili. Il 12 giugno 2016, Petra, l’agenzia di stampa ufficiale della Giordania, ha pubblicato un’intervista con il principe ereditario saudita, Mohamed bin Salman, nella quale affermava la modernità della sua famiglia che aveva illegalmente finanziato circa il 20% della campagna presidenziale di Hillary Clinton, anche se si tratta di una donna. Il giorno dopo questa pubblicazione, l’agenzia ha annullato questo servizio e ha assicurato che il suo sito web era stato violato.
Secondo l’agenzia di stampa giordana Petra (12 giugno 2016), la famiglia reale saudita ha illegalmente finanziato il 20% della campagna presidenziale di Hillary Clinton. La signora Abedin non è l’unica componente dell’amministrazione Obama ad aver legami con la Fratellanza. Il fratellastro del presidente, Abon’go Malik Obama, è il tesoriere dell’Opera missionaria dei Fratelli in Sudan e presidente della Fondazione Barack H. Obama. Lavora direttamente sotto il comando del presidente sudanese Omar al-Bashir. Un Fratello musulmano è membro del Consiglio di Sicurezza Nazionale, la più elevata istanza esecutiva negli Stati Uniti. Dal 2009 al 2012, è stato il caso di Mehdi K. Alhassani. Non si sa chi gli sia succeduto, ma la Casa Bianca aveva negato che un Fratello fosse membro del Consiglio fino a quando non emerse una prova. È inoltre un Fratello l’ambasciatore degli Stati Uniti alla Conferenza islamica, Rashad Hussain. Gli altri Fratelli identificati occupano funzioni meno importanti. Occorre tuttavia ricordare Louay M. Safi, attuale membro della Coalizione Nazionale siriana ed ex consigliere del Pentagono.
Il presidente Obama e il suo fratellastro Malik Obama Abon’go nello Studio Ovale. Abon’go Malik è il tesoriere del lavoro missionario dei Fratelli Musulmani in Sudan. Nell’aprile 2009, due mesi prima del suo discorso al Cairo, il presidente Obama aveva segretamente ricevuto una delegazione della Confraternita allo Studio Ovale. Aveva già invitato, in occasione del suo insediamento, Ingrid Mattson, la presidente dell’Associazione dei Fratelli e delle Sorelle Musulmani negli Stati Uniti.
Da parte sua, la Fondazione Clinton ha impiegato come responsabile del suo progetto ""Clima"" Gehad el-Haddad, uno dei dirigenti mondiali della Fratellanza che era stato fino ad allora responsabile di una trasmissione televisiva coranica. Suo padre era stato uno dei co-fondatori della Fratellanza nel 1951 in occasione della sua rifondazione da parte della CIA e dell’MI6. Gehad ha lasciato la fondazione nel 2012, quando al Cairo divenne il portavoce del candidato Mohamed Morsi, e in seguito quello ufficiale della Fratellanza Musulmana su scala mondiale.
Sapendo che la totalità dei leader jihadisti nel mondo sono emersi sia dalla Fratellanza sia dall’Ordine sufi Naqshbandi - le due componenti della Lega islamica mondiale, l’organizzazione saudita anti-nazionalista araba - vorremmo saperne di più sulle relazioni della signora Clinton con l’Arabia Saudita e i Fratelli.
Si scopre che nella squadra del suo sfidante Donald Trump, ci trova il generale Michael T. Flynn, che ha cercato di opporsi alla creazione del Califfato da parte della Casa Bianca e si è dimesso dalla direzione della Defense Intelligence Agency (Agenzia d’intelligence militare) per rimarcare la sua disapprovazione. Gli si affianca Frank Gaffney, un ""reduce della guerra fredda"", ormai qualificato come ""cospirazionista"" per aver denunciato la presenza dei Fratelli nello Stato federale.
Va da sé che, dal punto di vista dell’FBI, tutto il sostegno alle organizzazioni jihadiste sia un reato, indipendentemente dalla politica della CIA. Nel 1991, la polizia – nonché il senatore John Kerry - avevano causato il fallimento della banca pakistana (benché registrata nelle Isole Cayman) BCCI, che la CIA utilizzava in ogni sorta di operazioni segrete con i Fratelli Musulmani e anche con i cartelli latini della droga.
Thierry Meyssan Traduzione
Matzu Yagi
Fonte
Megachip-Globalist (Italia)",0
9020,How To Remove Uric Acid Crystallization in Joints,"How To Remove Uric Acid Crystallization in Joints http://blogs.naturalnews.com/remove-uric-acid-crystallization-joints/ 
By Twain Yobra 
Posted Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 03:54pm EDT 
Joint pain prevents us from exercising or doing simple tasks like walking. Unfortunately, it only gets worse as we age. This happens because the fluid (synovial fluid) in the joints reduces as we age. Reduction of this fluid increases friction on the joints and leads to arthritis. 
But research also shows that uric acid can cause arthritis. Build-up of uric acid in the joints can damage joint tissues and cause pain. The build-up happens when the kidneys don’t excrete enough uric acid. It can also be triggered by the body converting purines to uric acid fast. Long-term build-up of uric acid can cause inflammation and reduce your mobility. 
Switch to an Alkaline Diet 
There’s been a never-ending argument about whether alkaline diets reduce acidity in the body or not. In fact, some experts have discredited them as useless. But what does research say? Well, this study found that alkaline diet enhances excretion of uric acid through urine. On the other hand, researchers found that acidic foods reduce excretion of uric acid. 
Another study affirms that alkaline diets can help reduce uric acid in the body. And they can prevent uric acid crystallization in joints. 
Note that more research needs to be conducted on effect of diet on uric acid crystal. 
Eat these alkaline foods 
You simply need to reduce intake of acidic foods and eat more alkaline foods. Alkaline foods are mostly vegetables and legumes. Red pepper",0
9021,7-Year-Old Girl in War-Torn Aleppo Has an Astonishingly Selfless Message for President Obama,"— Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) September 26, 2016 
She's 7 years old and lives in Aleppo, Syria. As Vox reports, Aleppo has been one of the “most significant battlefield” in the country's continuous fight between Bashar al-Assad and government rebels since 2012. 
Bana recently created a Twitter account with her mother, Fatemah, to finally show the world what life is like for those in their war-torn city. 
In an interview with Independent Journal Review, Bana said the violence in her country is “all she knows.” 
When asked to describe what happens when a bomb goes off, she said: 
“The bombing is predictable. It always hits civilian places so there’s always fear — not just me, but thousands live in fear every day.” I am very afraid I will die tonight. This bombs will kill me now. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/KqVHwqRClK — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 2, 2016 
Unlike many children, Bana doesn't go to school. She explained that a typical day doesn't even involve playing outside: 
“[We just] keep strong & [have] hope.” This is what remains of our childhood memories. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/O7NjuxnAzP — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 21, 2016 
Here she is in what used to be her family's garden, which is now just a pile of rubble: This is our bombed garden. I use to play on it, now nowhere to play. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/drWnwflSOE — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 4, 2016 
As you can see, life in Aleppo is a far cry from what many in the United States will ever experience. 
Bana hopes that her message for President Barack Obama will be heard loud and clear. Instead of a plea for her personal safety, her request shows tremendous understanding of the broader picture and concern for all involved: 
“Stop [the] war and bring peace.” 
Pretty profound for a 7-year-old. 
Bana has amassed a Twitter following of more than 77,000 people. When asked about having such a huge platform to share Aleppo’s story, she gave the most humble and selfless response: 
“[I'm] very happy and good. One day people will help us.” Hello world we are still alive. Wake up this morning alive. - Fatemah #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/EZz7xqbJ6E — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 3, 2016 
Bana possesses an innate ability to have faith in a situation that should give her every reason to doubt God's existence. 
The 7-year-old admitted she believes in God, prays and said her faith has “increased” in light of her circumstances. 
But she doesn't just pray for herself. She also said she prays every day for “peace around the world.” This is me before the war. Tonight I'm praying for peace #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/vvMV6EtpVl — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) September 26, 2016 
When Bana grows up, she wants to be three professions she “loves most”: a teacher, author and actress. 
She says her faith will not falter in the face of violence, war and evil. Bana firmly believes better days are coming, but has a lasting message for not just President Obama, but the entire world: 
“I want us saved.” ",0
9022,Arkansas Republicans Put The Word “Liar” In Hillary’s Name On Ballot,"Comments 
The signs that the Republican Party is purposefully doing everything they can to repress the vote and use every trick in the book to somehow sway voters is clear as day. As the Donald Trump campaign is hit with four different lawsuits over their voter suppression campaigns, it’s been discovered that the early voting ballots in Arkansas have a very disturbing “typo” on t hem. 
Early voting ballots in Lanoke County read “Hilliary Clinton.” 
Since the Republican Party has been demonizing Hillary Clinton for being “crooked” and a “liar” and a literal demon for years on end, it’s hard to imagine this being an honest “typo.” 
It’s just another subliminal way that the right-wing is trying to tip the scales in favor of their candidate, who, we need not remind you, is actually an a pathological liar, a serial sexual predator, a thief, and a racist. 
Watch NBC’s report here:",0
9023,Trump The President: What Does That Mean For The World? - CounterCurrents.org,"in World — by Mirza Yawar Baig — November 10, 2016 
Whew! Finally, the charade is over. Donald Trump is now the President of the United States of America. What does that mean? It means that Simpsons prediction came true: https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2146815/the-simpsons-correctly-predicted-a-donald-trump-presidency-16-years-ago-in-episode-set-in-the-near-future/ 
So now you know who to refer to for accurate predictions about the future. Goodbye Tarot cards, et al. In 1995 I recall reading a survey which concluded that America was not likely to be ready for a woman president for the next twenty years. Twenty-one years later, it looks like that prediction was true. Given that women in America to this day are paid 80% of what men are paid, it is not surprising that Americans find it tough to visualize a woman in the White House in any place other than the President’s bed. 
So, what does Trump mean for America, for American Muslims, for Muslims worldwide, for non-whites in America and globally? I am asking this rhetorical question as I see all kinds of doomsday predictions flying around. I apologize for taking a different view. I see the Trump presidency as an opportunity for those who believe in the opposite of everything that Donald Trump promoted in his campaign to put their actions where their mouths are and show that they are as willing to stand up for what they believe in as he was. 
What does Trump mean for America? I hope he will be the best thing that happened to America ever. I hope that he can truly make ‘America Great Again’. I say that because though I am not American (should I say, ‘Thank God?’), I am one who believes that a truly ‘Great America’, can make this world great. The world truly needs to change. We need someone to lead the way to make the world compassionate, caring, fighting against injustice, corruption and poverty; disease and ignorance. Which nation is better suited to lead that fight? America has the resources, the intelligence, the education and the leadership ability which I hope it chooses to exercise. Trump won on the anti-establishment platform. I support that fully. The establishment has shown that what it can do is to fail spectacularly. The economy crashed and Obama rewarded those who crashed it. People were and are homeless when there are empty homes on foreclosed loans enough for every American to have two homes, not only one. Yet they are on the streets. I hope Trump can put Americans back in their own homes. 
Bush father and son, started never ending wars. Obama continued them adding his own flavor to it of drone strikes – using technology to create bug splats (the arrogance is incredible) – thereby escalating the global threat level that comes from driving people to desperation. Obama’s dabbling (what else to call it?) in Middle Eastern politics resulted in continuing the misery for people of Afghanistan and Iraq and new misery for people of Syria and by inference for the rest of the world. And to top it all ISIS came into being because of all of the above. The credit can be shared by all of them. So, Trump standing against the establishment means that he is against all of this. I sincerely hope so. 
All the jingoism that he rode on will get tempered when it comes to facing reality. It is easy to talk about kicking out the Mexicans and so on. But the day he does that, reality will dawn on him and his cohorts like it did on those who voted Pro-Brexit; that the rich need the poor to survive while the poor don’t need the rich. When nice white Americans get to pay $3 per potato, they will realize the value of cheap labor. Meanwhile some contractor will get the contract to build the Wall, which he will do from the Mexican side, no doubt as otherwise his margin will not make it worthwhile. So also, the wonderful idea to outlaw the H-1 visa. I don’t think it will take very long for Trump and his gang to realize that there is a reason there are blond jokes. And that Indians are not blond. Go figure that. 
The good news is that Trump made public what was private – racism, misogyny in a country that never stops ‘trumpeting’ about women’s equality, support for genocide, wars and weapons sales, the evils of unbridled capitalism, locker-room conversations which indicate attitudes – have all come out of the closet and locker-room. Now it is up to those who like to say that they believe in the opposite of all these things, to get off their backsides and bring about change. They can no longer live the lives of pretense and lies that they had become used to, saying, ‘It is not happening here.’ Trump proved that it is happening and has trumpeted it from the top of Trump tower. Sorry for so much bad punning in one breath. But there you go. 
As for Muslims and Trump, believe me Trump is far better than what Muslims have seen in the past. He is far better than what we have today. Take Sisi, the Oily royals who are personal friends of every weapons dealer, the Paki leadership and I can think of several more and Trump begins to look like a choir boy. What will he do that is not already happening? Frankly I don’t know and don’t care to speculate because the prime movers behind Muslim affairs and how they are, are Muslims themselves. Our leadership or more correctly its spectacular failure. Ordinary citizens pay the price, but what’s new about that? The fact remains that until we sort that out and do something about taking charge of our destiny, we must remain satisfied with others writing the script we are compelled to live by. Play endings depend on the script, not on the players. 
India is a classic example where a so-called minority of 200 million is kicked around like a football and used at will by every mercenary politician for his own ends. But Indian Muslims seem to be satisfied with that, so who is anyone else to complain. If you disagree and tell me that they are not satisfied, then I must ask you what it is that prevents them from doing what is glaringly obvious; get their act together, change their leaders and write their own script. 200 million is not a minority. It is a nation. But only if it chooses to be. Same story for Muslims globally. No point in blaming Trump or looking up to him to find solutions. It is our problem and we must solve it, so let us start doing that. 
Two other points: what about wars, global warming and such issues? Well, when you have a nation that lives on perpetual warfare and is supported in that by all the other major industrial nations who either manufacture and sell weapons or buy them, how can you pin it all on Trump? If weapons are made and sold, there will be wars. Wars will happen if they continue to make profits for those who run them. That people die is incidental. Those at the top who laugh all the way to the bank, don’t. Those that do, don’t count. They are ‘collateral’, who are necessary to prove the efficacy of the weapons that were used to vaporize them. If it wasn’t for the bugs who splatted, how would you assess the drones or their operators? The fact that the bugs were innocent or that they had families and so on; well, bugs are bugs. And that’s all that there is to it. 
Global warming? America decided on that when it chose Bush instead of Al Gore. For a minute I thought that was because they got confused because his name is Al Gore like Al Ghurair. But then I realized that it was because he had a terminal problem; he had a brain. See his famous movie, An Inconvenient Truth, and you will see what I mean. https://www.algore.com/library/an-inconvenient-truth-dvd If you do nothing else, buy this and see it. At least you will know why you died. Since you chose that, especially Americans, I believe it is only fair that you understand what you did. With Trump, that came out in the open, so get used to summer all year long. You won’t need to go to the French Riviera for a tan. You can get it at home. That is not inconvenient. 
Add to this the effect ofunending wars, refugee movement, changing cultures, security nightmares coming true, widening gap between the rich and the poor, global poverty and hunger, preventable disease which is not prevented because there’s no profit in it – when I think about all this and Trump’s election, Nero comes to mind. Renewing our link with tradition. Let us dance to the tune. What’s the use of fiddling otherwise? 
Final question that everyone is asking, ‘How safe is it to have someone like Trump with his finger on the nuclear button?’ 
My answer is, ‘The one who actually pressed that button was as different from Trump as could be. Yet he did it.’ Let me leave you to figure out the rest. 
Meanwhile it is midnight where I live, far away from Trump and America and time to go to bed. Truly it is said that there is solace in sleep. So, good night, world. Sleep well. As long as you stay asleep you can escape responsibility. 
Mirza Yawar Baig is based in Hyderabad, India and is the founder and President of Yawar Baig & Associates; an international leadership consulting organization. He can be reached at yawar@yawarbaig.com Share this:",0
9024,"Marco Rubio, Reversing Plans, Is Leaning Toward Running for Senate Again - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is leaning heavily toward running for   to the seat he swore he was giving up after six often frustrating years and a failed presidential run, associates said on Friday, a reversal that would upend one of the most competitive races in the country. Mr. Rubio could make his decision public early next week after he spends the weekend with his family in Florida weighing the personal, political and financial considerations of another campaign. One adviser who described the senator as “all in” said Mr. Rubio’s staff members had already begun scouting a site for a possible announcement. The likelihood of a   bid seemed to grow on Friday when one of Mr. Rubio’s potential rivals, Representative David Jolly, suddenly dropped out of the race and said he would seek another term in the House instead. Earlier in the day, Mr. Jolly foreshadowed his move, telling CNN, “Marco is saying he’s getting in. ” Ever restless, strategic and ambitious  —   and only 45 years old  —   Mr. Rubio has spent the past few weeks discussing with his friends and colleagues the difficulties he would face maintaining his political profile if he left the Senate. He would like to run for the presidency again, either in 2020 or 2024, and is concerned that his opportunities would be far more limited if he were no longer in office. Mr. Rubio’s desire to get into the race and his reasons for doing so were described by three people inside his political operation, two of whom have spoken with him directly in recent days. All insisted on anonymity because Mr. Rubio had not yet completely made up his mind. A spokesman for Mr. Rubio had no comment. There are some sobering drawbacks, none of which Mr. Rubio is naïve about, these people said. Florida is one of the few states with a true purple political hue, a quintessential swing state in which Democrats and Republicans often win in statewide elections largely depending on the national mood. And like many Republicans who face election on the same ticket as Donald J. Trump, the presumptive presidential nominee, Mr. Rubio is said to be concerned about the possibility that Mr. Trump could drag him down to defeat. Mr. Trump’s poor standing among minorities could be especially problematic in Florida, a state with 1. 8 million registered Hispanic voters, or 15 percent of the state’s total electorate. And it is a group that has become less Cuban and Republican and more Puerto Rican, Mexican and Democratic in recent years. Still, despite his misgivings about Mr. Trump’s politics and temperament, Mr. Rubio has said he will vote for Mr. Trump and speak at the Republican convention in July if asked. Mr. Rubio has personal factors to consider, as well. He has told people that he is eager to spend more time with his four children and that he wants to make enough money to be able to provide for them comfortably well into the future. He had been planning to spend the next few years giving speeches and doing other civic and political work that would allow for that. To help sift through the offers coming in, he retained the   Washington lawyer Robert B. Barnett. Mr. Rubio’s thinking has taken a quick and dizzying turn from just last month, when he was still insisting that he had no desire to run again. On May 16, he wrote a sarcastic message on Twitter: “I have only said like 10, 000 times I will be a private citizen in January. ” He has often complained  —   privately to his colleagues, and publicly when he was a presidential candidate  —   that the stagnant and highly polarized Senate frustrated him. He lamented the inability to get much done in Congress, saying at one point, “We’re not going to fix America with senators and congressmen,” words that are sure to come back to haunt him in Democratic attack ads if he chooses to run. Mr. Rubio’s critics have said that his distaste for the job could be seen in his absenteeism. Mr. Rubio racked up the worst attendance record in the Senate while he was running for president, another potentially damaging issue for Democrats to use against him. Without Mr. Rubio on the ballot, though, Republicans stand a greater chance of losing the seat to Democrats and jeopardizing their majority in the Senate. He and his aides have carefully set the stage for a possible   candidacy. First, he floated the idea on Monday on the radio show of Hugh Hewitt, a respected conservative radio host, saying he had been “deeply impacted” by the massacre at a gay club in Orlando on Sunday. Then, one of Mr. Rubio’s friends and potential rivals in the race, Lt. Gov. Carlos   said in an interview that he would bow out if Mr. Rubio wanted to run. But by the time Mr. Rubio stepped in front of a group of reporters at the Capitol on Wednesday to announce that he was reconsidering, the challenges he faces were immediately apparent. Before he could utter a word about himself, he was asked about Mr. Trump.",0
9025,Governments Turn to Commercial Spyware to Intimidate Dissidents - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   In the last five years, Ahmed Mansoor, a human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates, has been jailed and fired from his job, along with having his passport confiscated, his car stolen, his email hacked, his location tracked and his bank account robbed of $140, 000. He has also been beaten, twice, in the same week. Mr. Mansoor’s experience has become a cautionary tale for dissidents, journalists and human rights activists. It used to be that only a handful of countries had access to sophisticated hacking and spying tools. But these days, nearly all kinds of countries, be they small,   nations like the Emirates, or poor but populous countries like Ethiopia, are buying commercial spyware or hiring and training programmers to develop their own hacking and surveillance tools. The barriers to join the global surveillance apparatus have never been lower. Dozens of companies, ranging from NSO Group and Cellebrite in Israel to Finfisher in Germany and Hacking Team in Italy, sell digital spy tools to governments. A number of companies in the United States are training foreign law enforcement and intelligence officials to code their own surveillance tools. In many cases these tools are able to circumvent security measures like encryption. Some countries are using them to watch dissidents. Others are using them to aggressively silence and punish their critics, inside and outside their borders. “There’s no substantial regulation,” said Bill Marczak, a senior fellow at the Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs, who has been tracking the spread of spyware around the globe. “Any government who wants spyware can buy it outright or hire someone to develop it for you. And when we see the poorest countries deploying spyware, it’s clear money is no longer a barrier. ” Mr. Marczak examined Mr. Mansoor’s emails and found that, before his arrest, he had been targeted by spyware sold by Finfisher and Hacking Team, which sell surveillance tools to governments for comparably cheap   and   sums. Both companies sell tools that turn computers and phones into listening devices that can monitor a target’s messages, calls and whereabouts. In 2011, in the midst of the Arab Spring, Mr. Mansoor was arrested with four others on charges of insulting Emirate rulers. He and the others had called for universal suffrage. They were quickly released and pardoned following international pressure. But Mr. Mansoor’s real troubles began shortly after his release. He was beaten and robbed of his car, and $140, 000 was stolen from his bank account. He did not learn that he was being monitored until a year later, when Mr. Marczak found the spyware on his devices. “It was as bad as someone encroaching in your living room, a total invasion of privacy, and you begin to learn that maybe you shouldn’t trust anyone anymore,” Mr. Mansoor recalled. Mr. Marczak was able to trace the spyware back to the Royal Group, a conglomerate run by a member of the Al Nahyan family, one of the six ruling families of the Emirates. Representatives from the Emirates Embassy in Washington said they were still investigating the matter and did not return requests for further comment. Invoices from Hacking Team showed that through 2015, the Emirates were Hacking Team’s   customers, behind only Morocco, and they paid Hacking Team more than $634, 500 to deploy spyware on 1, 100 people. The invoices came to light last year after Hacking Team itself was hacked and thousands of internal emails and contracts were leaked online. Eric Rabe, a spokesman for Hacking Team, said his company no longer had contracts with the Emirates. But that is in large part because Hacking Team’s global license was revoked this year by the Italian Ministry of Economic Development. For now, Hacking Team can no longer sell its tools outside Europe and its chief executive, David Vincenzetti, is under investigation for some of those deals. New evidence suggests to Mr. Marczak that the Emirates may now be developing their own custom spyware to monitor their critics at home and abroad. “The U. A. E. has gotten much more sophisticated since we first caught them using Hacking Team software in 2012,” Mr. Marczak said. “They’ve clearly upped their game. They’re not on the level of the United States or the Russians, but they’re clearly moving up the chain. ” Late last year, Mr. Marczak was contacted by Rori Donaghy, a   journalist who writes for the Middle East Eye, an online news site, and a founder of the Emirates Center for Human Rights, an independent organization that tracks human rights abuses in the Emirates. Mr. Donaghy asked Mr. Marczak to examine suspicious emails he had received from a fictitious organization called the Right to Fight. The emails asked him to click on links about a panel on human rights. Mr. Marczak found that the emails were laden with highly customized spyware, unlike the    varieties he has become accustomed to finding on the computers of journalists and dissidents. As Mr. Marczak examined the spyware further, he found that it was being deployed from 67 different servers and that the emails had baited more than 400 people into clicking its links and unknowingly loading its malware onto their machines. He also found that 24 Emiratis were being targeted with the same spyware on Twitter. At least three of those targeted were arrested shortly after the surveillance began another was later convicted of insulting Emirate rulers in absentia. Mr. Marczak and the Citizen Lab plan to release details of the custom Emirates spyware online on Monday. He has developed a tool he called Himaya  —   an Arabic word that roughly means “protection”  —   that will allow others to see if they are being targeted as well. Mr. Donaghy said he was frightened by Mr. Marczak’s findings, but not surprised. “Once you dig beneath the surface, you find an autocratic state, with power centralized among a handful of people who have increasingly used their wealth for surveillance in sophisticated ways,” Mr. Donaghy said. The Emirates have cultivated an image as progressive allies of the United States in the Middle East. Their rulers often highlight their sizable foreign aid budget and their women’s rights efforts. But human rights monitors say the Emirates have been aggressive in trying to neutralize their critics. “The U. A. E. has taken some of the most dramatic steps to shut down individual human rights activists and dissenting voices,” said James Lynch, the deputy director for Amnesty International’s program in the Middle East and North Africa. “It is highly sensitive to its image and fully aware of who is criticizing the country from abroad. ” Last summer, Mr. Lynch was invited to speak about labor rights at a construction conference in Dubai and was turned away at the airport. Officials did not give a reason, but he later saw that his deportation certificate listed reasons of security. Mr. Mansoor, who still resides in the Emirates, has been outspoken about the use of spyware but is increasingly limited in what he can do. He worries that anyone he speaks to will also become a target. And more recently, the state has started punishing the families of those who speak out, as well. In March, the Emirates revoked the passports of three siblings whose father was charged with attempting to overthrow the state. “You’ll wake up one day and find yourself labeled a terrorist,” Mr. Mansoor said. “Despite the fact you don’t even know how to put a bullet inside a gun. ”",0
9026,Вместо хлеба патроны и танки для ЕС | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: Европа Как отмечает в своей новой статье постоянный обозреватель «Нового Восточного Обозрения» французский эксперт Жан Перье, европейские политики, следуя в фарватере политики Белого дома и наращивая в последние годы безосновательную пропагандистскую риторику о якобы увеличившейся для Европы военной угрозе со стороны России, Ирана, Китая, все больше переориентировали свои политические курсы на дальнейшую милитаризацию Европы в ущерб социальным программам в ЕС. Как подчеркивает автор, на фоне предстоящих в ближайшие месяцы выборных кампаний в ряде европейских стран, не трудно догадаться, какова на эти предложения военно-промышленных кругов США и Европы будет реакция населения ЕС, которое вряд ли будет поддерживать нынешних политиков и с большей активностью пойдет по пути американского «Трампсита». Тем более, что социальное положение европейцев в последние годы только ухудшается, обрекая на бедственное положение все более широкие массы населения Старого света. 25 миллионов детей в странах ЕС живут «под угрозой бедности», такие данные приводит доклад Eurostat — статистической службы Евросоюза . Как написала The Guardian , рождение ребенка и одновременный съем жилья — недоступные «роскошь» для молодых семей в Великобритании. В Германии продолжает расти разрыв между бедными и богатыми, говорится в докладе министерства труда ФРГ. В Финляндии количество детей, живущих в бедных семьях, за последние 20 лет почти утроилось, пишет Yle . От нехватки денег страдают не только одинокие родители и безработные, но также семьи, родители в которых работают. С 2008 года в странах ЕС растет народный протест по поводу продолжающегося финансового кризиса, глобализации, самоустранения правящих элит от трудностей, которые переживает простое население, от замены социальных программ на увеличение военных расходов. В этих условиях, подчеркивает автор, все отчетливее просматриваются очевидные параллели между недовольством, которое привело к «Брекситу» и победе Трампа, с требованиями сторонников AfD в Германии, падением до самого низкого уровня рейтинга французского президента-социалиста Ф.Олланда, с ростом влияния популистской Партии свободы Вилдерса в Голландии, с возможностью прихода к власти крайне-правого кандидата в президенты Австрии Норберта Хофера. С полным содержанием статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
9027,Watch: Stephen A Smith Gets Heated During Debate Over Tony Romo’s White Privilege - Breitbart,"Things got heated Wednesday on ESPN’s “First Take” during a debate about retiring Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo suiting up for the Dallas Mavericks Tuesday night.  “First Take”   Stephen A. Smith questioned Romo’s special treatment because of the lack of success he experienced as the starter in Dallas compared to black athletes such as former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb. “Do you know of any black athlete that won just two playoff games, didn’t have any kind of postseason success whatsoever that gets celebrated like this?” Smith asked. “Usually there is a requirement to have some kind of success in order to garner the celebratory atmosphere and ambiance that we saw for Romo. ”   Max Kellerman responded by saying he could not think of any athlete of any race who is “feted” to the same extent as Romo. “[A]s an     …     I’m enlightening you about the fact that these are the kinds of things away from the white community that when folks in the black community huddle amongst ourselves and talk about things and talk about discrepancies, it’s the kind of stuff that irks us,” Smith replied. “Because we know that those are the kinds of things that are not reserved for us. Sports is supposed to be the closest thing to a meritocracy. Where is it here?” ESPN’s Will Cain called Smith’s white privilege argument “so much nonsense and so much junk,” adding to make the debate racial “detracts” from the “real racial issues. ” “What you just said was so much nonsense, and so much junk,” Cain told Smith. “To make this racial is so far beyond the pale that it makes real racial issues hard to pay attention to. It detracts. ” Smith angrily replied, “You don’t get to just chirp chirp chirp and talk about what we’re supposed to feel, and I don’t get a chance to respond. What the hell do you think this is? Let me be very, very clear: You’re not black. Don’t think for one second you get to tell me how to feel. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
9028,WTF!!! There is not a simgle thread about the Podsesta ET topic after this morning's leak,"WTF!!! There is not a simgle thread about the Podsesta ET topic after this morning's leak I have encouraging news for White House Counselor John PodestaDear John Podesta,I recently surmised upon viewing and listening to a DVD I received unexpectedly earlier this week that you are an advocate for U.F.O. Disclosure. Well, I have got some very good news for you which you will see and hear from the enclosed VHS tape, which I personally edited with you in mind. Please review the two hours of footage and let me know what you think. Thank you, (name redacted) Just saw the below this morning. You are right Tom. Wikileaks did mess some stuff up. They showed the attempt to s*** spin the whole ET Disclosure by You, Barrack Obama, John Podesta and Hillary Clinton to just half tell the truth and then control the narrative to suit their own political goals.",0
9029,Obama’s Definition of “High Integrity”,"Thomas DiLorenzo https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/obamas-definition-high-integrity/ 
When Obama’s press secretary was asked today what he thought of Dirty Donna Brazile’s rigging of the Democratic debates by giving Hitlery the questions (from CNN, where she worked but has now been fired) in advance, he responded by praising her as “a person of the highest integrity.” 
To the lunatic left fringe their ends always justify any means. 6:41 pm on October 31, 2016",0
9030,A Look at Clinton’s Marriage Woes Raises a Question: Really? - The New York Times,"Late last Saturday evening, The New York Times delivered an   scoop to its readers  —   tax documents of Donald Trump’s that showed he may not have paid taxes for 18 years thanks to a nearly $1 billion loss suffered by his business. That was a winning story for The Times. It took aim at an issue that has dogged Trump for months and it gave the public insight into Trump the businessman, his main pitch for the presidency. Then, one day later, came an investigative look into Hillary Clinton that surfaced revelatory material on: her questionable behavior as the wife of a philandering husband. Not as the secretary or state, or the junior senator from New York, or even the first lady behind a calamitous health care initiative. Instead, it probed an issue whose relevance to the election and certainly to her potential presidency seems hard to make. Even the boundless Trump has shown partial restraint around the issue. He feigns that he is only considering bringing it up in the future (despite a few jabs) but mostly he leaves the frontal attacks to surrogates like Rudy Giuliani. The Times piece ran nearly 3, 000 words and was played prominently on the front of the home page and on A1 of Monday’s print edition. It focused on whether Clinton played a key role in efforts to discredit and undermine various women who came forward claiming to have had sexual relations with Bill Clinton, who was running for president. The reporting was exhaustive and balanced, and the tone measured. Its conclusion, from numerous interviews and from resurfacing previously disclosed material, didn’t feel like a big reveal but it was a fair interpretation of the material: “Mrs. Clinton’s level of involvement in that effort, as described in interviews, internal campaign records and archives, is still the subject of debate. By some accounts, she gave the green light and was a motivating force by others, her support was no more than tacit assent. ” But the response from readers writing into the public editor was heavily tilted against the piece, especially but not exclusively the response from women. This email from Suzanne Burke of Savannah, Ga. was typical: I asked the Times’s political editor, Carolyn Ryan, if she would lay out the justification for the piece. Here’s her response in an email: I don’t think this one is an easy call. There is a defensible case to be made that this subject is moving closer to the daily beat of the campaign. And The Times isn’t the only publication that has circled this topic. But a few things bother me about the story. One is the conceit of this piece. It seemed more intent on scoping out possibly unethical behavior by a woman whose husband had cheated than on exploring the full dimensions of an undoubtedly brutal period in her life. I also felt shortchanged on the question of whether Hillary Clinton indeed knew whether the women alleging to have had sexual relationships with her husband were telling the truth. If Clinton didn’t believe them  —   or was determined to believe her husband  —   then it’s more understandable that she would strike out against women that to her were menacing liars. On the other hand, if she was trying to smear women she knew were telling the truth, well, that’s a different story. But I left the Times article uncertain which it was. Could some type of biographical piece be done on this period of Clinton’s life? Perhaps. It would be hard to look the other way if Trump engages a   detailed assault on her behavior. But by launching a   probe like this one, The Times feels more brazen than the Republican challenger himself.",0
9031,"Bangladesh Siege Recalled in Militant’s Words, and From Beyond the Grave - The New York Times","NEW DELHI  —   An Islamic State publication offered a detailed account of the bloody July 1 siege of a restaurant in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, including the use of religious tests to distinguish Muslims from   who would then be killed. The article, which appeared this week and also threatened further attacks in the country, bears the byline of Tamim Ahmed Chowdhury, a militant who was killed with two associates in a police raid in late August. Mr. Chowdhury, a Canadian citizen, had been identified by some analysts as the coordinator of the Islamic State’s activities in South Asia but had never been named by the group. It is unusual for the Islamic State to publish the real names of its fighters, said Amarnath Amarasingam, a fellow at George Washington University’s Program on Extremism. Mr. Amarasingam said the Islamic State has been eager to “take ownership” of the Dhaka attack, which came at a time of military setbacks in its core territory in the Middle East. Since Mr. Chowdhury’s death, there has been a lull in the   attacks on foreigners, secular Bangladeshis and members of religious minorities that had occurred at regular intervals in recent years. The July attack, on the Holey Artisan Bakery, in which 22 people were killed, was the most complex and   operation to date by Islamic militants in Bangladesh’s recent history. Among the dead were numerous foreigners working in Bangladesh’s garment sector or for aid organizations. In the aftermath of the attack, Bangladesh officials were under pressure to acknowledge that transnational terrorist organizations like the Islamic State were trying to build a presence in the country. The authorities in Dhaka are still investigating the attack, and said on Wednesday that they were analyzing the account in Rumiya, the Islamic State’s newest media product. “It is a long piece, with a lot of information to go through, so I cannot speak clearly now on things like authenticity,” said Sanwar Hossain, additional deputy commissioner of the counterterrorism unit in the Dhaka Metropolitan police. He said that the police also knew Mr. Chowdhury by the kuniya, or nom de guerre, cited in the magazine. “We have known for a while that this is how Tamim Chowdhury was referred to,” he said. On Sunday, police granted bail and released Tahmid Hasib Khan, a Bangladeshi man. A second hostage, Hasnat Karim, remains in police custody, though some of the charges against him have been dismissed in court. Sharmina Parveen Karim, Mr. Karim’s wife, said she hoped her husband would be released soon. “We are just waiting,” she said. “We can’t do anything but wait. ” The article published in Rumiyah said the Holey Artisan Bakery had been selected as a target because it was “a sinister place where the Crusaders would gather to drink alcohol and commit vices throughout the night, feeling secure from the wrath of Allah that was awaiting them. ” It said the attackers set out to kill only   in the restaurant and sorted their prisoners by religion, asking “very basic religious questions whose answers any Muslim youth or elderly would know. ” “Those who proved their Islam were treated with respect and mercy,” the account says, while those who did not “were treated with harshness and severity. ” The account partially tallied with the testimonies of survivors. A Bangladeshi cook who survived said gunmen told him not to worry, because the attackers were killing only foreigners. Ms. Karim, who was dining at the restaurant with her husband and two children, said the attackers had targeted Japanese and Italian customers who were obvious foreigners at first, and later began to ask those who remained whether they were Bangladeshi Muslims. “They entered and started shooting straight away,” she said. “People were screaming, ‘Help, help,’ and fell to the floor once they were shot. Once they were certain that people were injured, they started to chop their throats, hands. ” Ms. Karim added that as dawn approached, the attackers debated whether to kill the remaining hostages and decided against it. The article gives detailed biographies of the five attackers, noting that at least two had unsuccessfully tried to join Islamic State forces in Libya, Syria and other battlegrounds outside Bangladesh. It goes on to threaten further attacks on foreigners in Bangladesh, singling out “expats, tourists, diplomats, garment buyers, missionaries, sports teams and anyone else from the Crusader citizens to be found in Bengal. ” Masudur Rahman, a police spokesman, said that the police in Bangladesh had killed at least a dozen known militants since the restaurant siege. “The way we see it, looking at the number of people we’ve arrested, and then adding that up with the number of people who have been killed in our raids, of course the militants’ operation is weaker,” he said.",0
9032,The Trusted Grown-Ups Who Steal Millions From Youth Sports - The New York Times,"WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, Pa.  —   With downcast eyes and a microphone clenched in one fist, Brian Farley stood uneasily before nearly 400 children from the   Youth Soccer Club in eastern Pennsylvania. He had stolen their money. Mr. Farley, 55, the longtime treasurer of the   nonprofit club, had pocketed $120, 000 from the organization’s bank accounts  —   money paid by parents so that their children could play. A county court judge had ordered Mr. Farley to repent publicly to club members as part of his guilty plea, and so there he stood, in front of a throng of children sitting   on a grassy ball field waiting to play. The club’s leaders were so fearful that an irate parent might charge or assault Mr. Farley that they hired security to maintain order. “You try to be a good example to your children,” Mr. Farley, whose son and daughter had played for the club, told the gathering. “What I did was one of the worst examples you could ever set for your children. ” The youth sports boom in the United States, fortified by at least 30 million participants, has turned what were once homespun local leagues into   enterprises with annual budgets that experts who track nonprofits say regularly reach $250, 000  —   if not twice that. Yet with the growth and development has come a long list of embezzlement and other corruption cases unfolding in a void of oversight and regulation and capitalizing on community trust. Across the country, people who volunteered as treasurers and other officers for Little Leagues and sports clubs have been prosecuted for pilfering gobs of money from the coffers: $220, 000 in Washington, $431, 000 in Minnesota, $560, 000 in New Jersey, and so on, according to law enforcement authorities, league officials, experts on nonprofit organizations and news reports. The approximately 14, 000 youth sports organizations in the United States take in annual revenue of about $9 billion, according to the National Center for Charitable Statistics. Oversight of those sums is haphazard and not centralized, as there is no national agency in the country watching over youth sports. Investigators and prosecutors in several states say embezzlement investigations involving youth sports have become common, almost always committed by unpaid board members who are highly regarded in their communities. It is difficult to say whether the problem with embezzlement has worsened or if the growth of the leagues simply means more cases there is no clearinghouse comprehensively tracking fraud in youth sports. But investigators say the problem gets little public discussion even as, by some measures, there are signs of mounting cases. In the last five years, there have been hundreds of arrests and convictions in 43 states involving 15 sports, based on a study of news accounts and a database compiled by the Center for Fraud Prevention, an organization that aims to mitigate embezzlement in youth sports. And those are only the cases that have become public. Law enforcement officials estimate that they see only about half of the actual fraud in youth sports because organizations often cover up smaller misappropriations to protect their reputations and preserve the ability to raise money in the future. Some leagues have dissolved as a result. Most organizations survive, but they often must defer buying new uniforms fixing up insufficient or dangerous fields purchasing equipment and financing capital projects. Over all, the rate of fraud across the youth sports landscape, which includes thousands of prosperous travel teams, is probably small in scale given the vast scope of youth sports. In general, there is little data of any kind on how extensive embezzlement is among all nonprofit groups, let alone youth sports associations. Yet watchdogs of the nonprofit industry note that youth sports organizations rarely put in place routine checks and balances, such as having multiple people in charge of the money, opening the door to fraud. “People treat youth sports groups as social clubs and vest all their trust in one individual because they all know each other, but these organizations need to be treated like businesses with all the same internal and external financial controls,” said James Martin, the Lehigh County district attorney, whose office prosecuted Mr. Farley’s case. “Yes, everyone starts out with the best intentions, but then something usually goes wrong and no one is really watching. ” A husband and wife were implicated in Michigan after a neighbor, an accountant whose sons played for the baseball league, joined the board and scrutinized the books, leading investigators to a case that uncovered $300, 000 in missing money. In Winslow, Me. (population 7, 794) there were three theft charges against members of volunteer sports clubs in a   span, including one person who was charged with stealing from two  clubs. In Wisconsin, a   soccer mom confessed to another soccer mom about taking money from the local club, only to discover she was taking even more money. A woman in Vermont was convicted of stealing from a fund established to honor a dead child who had been a club member. The exposure of embezzlement leaves communities thunderstruck and wounded at the revelation of neighbors stealing from neighbors, friends cheating friends. The children of the accused are often best friends with the children of the accusers. “I couldn’t comprehend having to tell the 700 kids in our entire membership that the money was gone and they couldn’t play soccer anymore because their treasurer was a thief,” Diane Miller, the   Youth Soccer Club’s current treasurer, said last month, recalling Mr. Farley’s arrest in 2013. “I wanted to cry. ” While a preponderance of cases occur in suburbia, there have been dozens of arrests in farm communities and in big cities, too, including Manhattan. “There’s always a lot of cash involved in these organizations, and whenever there’s cash, there’s people eyeing the cash,” said Tim Delaney, president and chief executive of the National Council of Nonprofits. Erik Carrozza, the founder of the Center for Fraud Prevention, said: “Someone can easily skim 20 percent off the top and it will not be noticed for a while. Twenty percent for five years ends up being a lot of money. ” That money gets spent in a variety of ways. The police have reported that purloined money has gone to dog grooming, tickets to Walt Disney World, illicit drugs, a child’s wedding, fishing trips, financial advice, N. F. L. and Major League Baseball tickets, lingerie, large deliveries of yard mulch, college loans and the interest on personal property being held in pawn shops. Gambling debt has played a role in many cases. Kevin Short, a lawyer who represented a hockey league official in Minnesota convicted of tax evasion after stealing more than $400, 000 from a league, said casino debt in fraud cases is so common now that investigators routinely check gambling habits when embezzlement is suspected. “It’s a standard question,” Mr. Short said. “Since gambling came into Minnesota, we’ve been having problems and embezzlement. ” Prosecutors and defense lawyers say that many others who have embezzled from youth sports organizations have done so because they were enduring a period of financial distress because of a divorce, a job loss or both. From a   facility where he is confined after serving several months in jail, Kevin L. Baker said he stole more than $200, 000 from the Kent Little League in Washington State because he was trying to survive financially. “I’m usually a trustworthy, honest person,” Mr. Baker, who was the league’s treasurer for seven years, said in a telephone interview last month. “I got in a bad situation, and when you’re in a bad situation, you make decisions that you wouldn’t normally make. ” Since 2007, Mr. Baker, who coached his two sons in the league, had been a responsible volunteer at the league’s many activities. But in 2011, he lost his job, and his wife moved to Idaho with the couple’s sons as part of a divorce. A grandfather who had helped raise Mr. Baker and had been a father figure also died around the same time. To raise his spirits and to try something new  —   his grandparents had run a tavern  —   Mr. Baker decided to spend $100, 000 to buy a bar. The business started strong, then flagged precipitously. Mindy Young, who prosecuted the case, said Mr. Baker had taken money from the Kent Little League in 271 transactions that included cashier’s checks for as much as $20, 000. He knew that no one truly scrutinized the treasurer’s books he had been doctoring. But on Dec. 9, 2014, Kent’s Little League president, Greg Whitcomb, went to an Office Depot and tried to use the league’s A. T. M. card to buy $18 worth of envelopes. The purchase was denied. Based on the financial reports he had been receiving from Mr. Baker, Mr. Whitcomb believed the league had $227, 000 in bank and investment accounts. For a decade, the league had been soliciting donations and were finally on the verge of buying their own baseball and softball fields. The Kent Little League was actually in debt, owing uniform manufacturers $20, 000. “Worse, all the hard work by volunteers raising money for years was lost,” Mr. Whitcomb said. Mr. Baker turned himself into the Kent police. “I felt so guilty I couldn’t sleep at night,” said Mr. Baker, who has since been ordered to pay $208, 000 in restitution. Last year, Mr. Baker, who had no previous criminal record, was sentenced to 22 months in jail. It often takes suspicious board members or officers to uncover the wrongdoing. In the case involving Pennsylvania’s   Youth Soccer Club, Mr. Farley’s crime was not uncovered until a new club president, Tino Babayan, hired a lawyer to advise the club about various matters, including its finances. The lawyer quickly became suspicious of Mr. Farley’s bookkeeping, especially when the club’s retainer check bounced. Mr. Babayan learned that 80 percent of the club’s money was missing. “Farley was basically paying off his bills and living as if the club’s account were his own,” said Steven Luksa, the assistant district attorney who prosecuted the case. Mr. Farley declined to be interviewed last month, but his lawyer, George Heitczman, said that when his client lost his job working on Wall Street, he began making loans to himself from the club’s account. “He felt he was just borrowing, but that is a slippery slope,” Mr. Heitczman said. “There were some payments back to the league, but Brian got so far behind. ” Meanwhile, the club’s board members, facing a host of unpaid bills, were suddenly desperate to keep   solvent. Mr. Farley offered the club and prosecutors a restitution deal the organization’s leaders and the club’s parent group balked. Diane Miller, the new treasurer, had pored over the bank records and saw that the club’s A. T. M. card had been used to pay for $500 hairdressing appointments, hotel stays, wine and cigars. “At that point, I wanted to find him,” Ms. Miller said of Mr. Farley, “and spit in his face. ” But the club, which needed the infusion of cash, took the deal, which amounted to $55, 000. Mr. Farley received five years of probation and was ordered to make gradual, systematic repayments to   for the remainder of what he owed the club. Mr. Farley, who has remained in the Allentown, Pa. area, has been paying back the money at about $225 a month and recently told another board member that he intended to pay back the roughly $60, 000 he owes the club. Ms. Miller is skeptical. “We’ll never see it all,” she said. Board members were forced to dip into their own pockets for $200 or $300 each to pay some of the club’s most urgent expenses and keep it afloat. This year, the club is thriving, with a growing membership roll. Coaches and other club members have adapted to new policies mandating invoices and receipts for any reimbursable expenses, regardless of how small the sum. Two board members are also required to extensively review the club’s books monthly. “We can’t let anything go unexamined,” Ms. Miller said. Like the   Soccer Club, the Kent Little League in Washington had to run on a skeleton budget before it rebounded in part because several local sponsors donated time and money when they heard of Mr. Baker’s theft. A software company that had been working on a new league website chose to finish and install the website for free, allowing valuable registration fees to flow into the league’s bank accounts faster. Still, the Kent Little League misses the more than $200, 000 it intended to spend on new fields, cash Mr. Whitcomb knows the league will probably never recoup. As Mr. Whitcomb retrieved the mail at home not long ago with his    son, he saw an envelope from Mr. Baker. “I smirked and handed it to my son and said, ‘Here’s the first restitution payment to your Little League,’” Mr. Whitcomb said. Inside the envelope were two checks for $14 and $11. There is another common thread to many fraud cases in youth sports: the scarcity of people running them, which significantly hampers the necessary oversight. Overscheduled, working parents are hesitant to commit the time to serve on boards. And no one wants to be an organization’s treasurer, which is the most tedious, thankless job. “People are always asking, ‘Can I pay to get out of my time working in the concession stand? ’” Mr. Whitcomb said. Many affluent organizations have turned to paying the officers of their boards of directors as an incentive to serve. Others are hiring bookkeepers. Crime or fraud insurance designed specifically to cover youth groups is gaining in popularity. There are groups that have tried to fill the void, like the National Alliance for Youth Sports, a   nonprofit and youth sports advocate that helps train coaches and administrators. Little League offers guidelines to community leagues and training and information for volunteers. Nonetheless, in recent years youth sports officials have found themselves forced into unforeseen roles: crime investigator, mediator and crisis management specialist. “You start out wanting to help kids and you end up doing things you never thought you’d have to do,” said Mr. Babayan, no longer the   Soccer Club president. When Mr. Farley concluded his   apology to hundreds of young soccer players, Mr. Babayan, who had exposed Mr. Farley’s embezzlement, was standing a few feet away. As Mr. Farley dropped one arm and uncomfortably raised his gaze to the crowd, Mr. Babayan diplomatically stepped forward to grasp the microphone from Mr. Farley’s clenched fist. The children appeared confused. The parents were miffed. An awkward silence enveloped the grounds. “No one had ever seen anything like that before,” Mr. Babayan said. Eventually, the players stood and separated into groups. It was time to play.",0
9033,Use of Nerve Agent in Kim Jong-nam Killing Is Condemned by Malaysia - The New York Times,"KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia  —   The Malaysian Foreign Ministry said Friday that it was “greatly concerned” by the use of a banned chemical weapon in a public place to assassinate Kim   the half brother of North Korea’s leader, and has asked for international help in responding to the episode. “The ministry strongly condemns the use of such a chemical weapon by anyone, anywhere and under any circumstances,” the ministry said in a statement. “Its use at a public place could have endangered the general public. ” Malaysia has reported the use of the toxic chemical, VX nerve agent, to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which monitors chemical weapons banned under international conventions. The organization must now decide whether to bring the matter of the chemical’s illegal use before the United Nations Security Council. Analysis of chemical residue on Mr. Kim found it to be VX nerve agent. South Korea has blamed the North for the killing. The Malaysian police have identified seven North Korean men who remain wanted for questioning in the case. If there is compelling evidence that North Korea used the substance, the United States and its allies can push for a resolution against the North at the Security Council and for new sanctions. Washington can also place the North back on its   blacklist. But North Korea has already been under heavy sanctions for decades, and analysts say that new steps against the North will have a largely symbolic effect of “naming and shaming. ” Such a move could further dampen what is an already weak desire to start dialogue with the North to address its growing nuclear and missile threats, they said. Malaysia reported the incident to the O. P. C. W. soon after the discovery that the poison was VX nerve agent, and since then the organization has been providing Malaysia with assistance in its investigation of the killing. “The ministry is in close contact with the O. P. C. W. regarding the recent incident and the latter has provided the Malaysian authority with some technical materials that have been requested to assist in its investigation,” the ministry said. Mr. Kim, the elder brother of North Korean leader Kim   was killed on Feb. 13 at Kuala Lumpur International Airport by two foreign women who smeared his face with poison, the police say. The two women, one from Indonesia and one from Vietnam, have been charged with murder. North Korea, which has not been allowed to examine Mr. Kim’s body, asserts that he died of heart failure. North Korean officials contend that it is absurd for Malaysia to say that VX nerve agent was used since it is so toxic that many others at the airport also would have died. After Malaysia reported the use of the chemical, representatives of the O. P. C. W. came to Kuala Lumpur to provide assistance, one official said. “The government of Malaysia will fully cooperate with the O. P. C. W. and other international organizations to bring the perpetrators to justice,” the ministry said. The Malaysian authorities on Friday released Ri   the only North Korean detained in the killing so far, and handed him over to immigration officials for deportation. The police also issued an arrest warrant for Kim   37, a North Korean who works for Air Koryo, the national airline. The authorities have said that they believed Mr. Kim was at the North Korean Embassy in Kuala Lumpur along with another suspect, Hyon   an embassy employee.",0
9034,Austria Wants to Exit EU Migrant Redistribution Scheme,"Austria should withdraw completely from the European Union’s migrant redistribution programme because it has already taken enough, government ministers have said. [Defence Secretary Hans Peter Doskozil proposed the idea at a cabinet meeting Tuesday morning, with Chancellor Christian Kern agreeing to send a letter to Brussels requesting the country’s withdrawal.  Mr. Doskozil said Austria had already “ ” its contribution as migrants continue entering the country via Italy and Greece, meaning it has taken far more than many other EU nations. Nachrichten. at reports that he pointed to statistics showing that in 2015 and 2016, Italy had to bear “far less of a burden” accepting 1, 998 asylum applications per million inhabitants, while Austria had to process 4, 587. “I believe that Austria has made a sufficient humanitarian contribution,” the minister said, adding that the nation was “one of the most heavily loaded countries” in the EU. Chancellor Kern agreed, saying Austria had already fulfilled its obligations and would seek an amicable way to escape the agreement. The comments came as leaders of the Central European Visegrad group rejected the EU’s migrant redistribution policy in protest at suggestions the level of their compliance could affect the EU funds they receive. The prime ministers of Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic said they will not yield under any financial pressure, describing it as an attempt at blackmail. Brussels wants each EU member state to accept its “fair share” of some 160, 000 migrants to ease the pressure on Greece and Italy. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán also said that he was further strengthening his country’s borders in order to seal off the   “Balkan route”. Last month, Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz also defended closing the border the deter migrants, saying the move, although initially criticised, had become accepted practice. Before the route was shut, over a million migrants travelled up through Macedonia and Serbia from Greece to reach wealthier EU nations.",0
9035,Clinton Campaign Headquarters the morning after the election, ,0
9036,Ann Coulter: Under En-Dowd,"To celebrate Donald Trump’s inauguration this week, I’m returning to my new favorite parlor game: quoting Republican consultants on the 2016 campaign. [It never gets old! Also, this exercise reminds us of the many things we are thankful for this week: Donald Trump, the cluelessness of his opponents, and Nexis transcripts.  Our featured GOP consultant this week is Matthew Dowd, chief strategist for the   campaign and   Mr. Magoo. Nominally a conservative in a liberal business, Dowd couldn’t pull off a full Arianna, so if he wanted to sit in a warm studio on Sunday mornings issuing pronouncements as if from Mount Olympus, he had to come up with an act. Even a guy like Dowd  —   wrong on everything else, from the time of day to whether it’s raining  —   accurately sussed out what the media wanted: a   playing “the conservative. ” How else to explain the fact that the entire American media refused to have on anyone who supported the man who just won a landslide presidential election? The territory Dowd carved out for himself was: patriotic sage, above partisanship, announcing on every subject that both sides were wrong, he alone was right. This made him a regular panelist on ABC’s “This Week” with George Stephanopoulos. Dowd’s “both sides are wrong” offering to the   church was condescending and tiresome, but it would help if he were, from time to time, correct. Instead, from the moment Trump announced, Dowd treated us to hilariously boneheaded prognostications that were instantly proved wrong and never acknowledged as he issued each successive boneheaded prediction. On Feb. 7, 2016, Dowd pronounced that the nominations would be wrapped up in “April for the Democrats and May for the Republicans. ” Trump won the nomination by May 4 and Hillary won it in June  —   two months after Dowd’s confident prediction. On April 3, Dowd said Trump “can’t win a general election for all intents and purposes. ” (“For all intents and purposes” is what consultants add to   statements to make them sound weighty.) Trump won the election  —   and he won it with far more electoral votes than Dowd’s candidate ever got. On May 1, Dowd said, “It’s going to be a    election, unfortunately. ” Trump won both white men and white women, decisively. White women without a college degree carried the Midwest for Trump. (See here.) Dowd spent several Sundays in May assuring viewers that a   candidate would be on stage at the debates: “I think there is likely to be somebody else standing in the debates and that changes the dynamics. ” That never happened. After Trump wrapped up the nomination, Dowd claimed he had predicted it! “Well, I was very bullish on Donald Trump in the primaries,” he said on May 8. His use of the term “bullish” was, well,  . As for Trump winning the general election, Dowd declared it “unlikely. ” (Based on his fantastical recollections of his own predictions, I assume he is currently claiming to have predicted Trump’s win in the general election.) In the week leading up to the election, Dowd was a whirling dervish of soothsaying on Twitter: NOVEMBER 1, “@matthewjdowd Any expenditure of time or money by Trump in PA, VA, MI and NH is a total waste. Campaign mismanagement if they keep it up. ” Of the four states Dowd considered “a total waste” for Trump to campaign in, he won the two biggest, worth more than twice as many electoral votes as the other two combined  —   and one of those he lost by only 0. 3 percent. NOVEMBER 2, “@matthewjdowd clinton has a better chance of carrying Arizona than trump does of carrying Mi or Wi” Trump carried both Michigan and Wisconsin. Hillary did not win Arizona. NOVEMBER 4, “@matthewjdowd Look for sure signs Trump will lose: 1. ‘The only poll that matters is election day’ 2. ‘Our vote doesn’t show up in polls.’ 3. ‘Truman’” Although Trump never made any excuses  —   he won!  —   all three of those statements turned out to be true. (See Time magazine’s “Madam President” issue.) NOVEMBER 5 was Dowd’s Latino Appreciation Day: “@matthewjdowd even if Trump gets the exact % of votes of whites, blacks  Asians as Bush in 2004, Trump would lose by 3 million votes due to Latinos. ” “@matthewjdowd Trump will lose latino voters by a larger margin than romney. Who set a new modern low. ” “@matthewjdowd It looks like Trump campaign was right, the silent hidden vote is showing up: Latinos are voting at record levels. Motivated by Trump. ” Trump won more of the Hispanic vote than either McCain or Romney  —   and probably more than Bush, for whom we only have nonsense numbers (as both Republican and Democratic analysts agree  —   see here and here). NOVEMBER 6, “@matthewjdowd If trump loses Ohio and Florida one reason is that Clinton campaign head faked them into thinking he had chance in Michigan.  media helped” Trump won Michigan. Also Ohio and Florida. On Nov. 6  —   48 hours before the election  —   Dowd announced on ABC’s “This Week” that Trump would lose, “and lose badly. ” Bored with his own omniscience, Dowd explained, “George, to me, this election has been   …     incredibly predictable actually from the primary. ” Mr. Magoo had more wisdom to impart: “On election night, Hillary Clinton’s margins among nonwhite voters and among   voters are going to be the highest margins we’ve ever seen. ” Dowd’s sweeping declarations turned out to be less accurate than a blindfolded monkey throwing darts in a bar. On Twitter, Dowd assured his readers: NOVEMBER 7, “@matthewjdowd Clinton wins by five points. Over 300 electoral votes. Trump loses by more popular votes than Romney. ” Final electoral vote: Trump, 304 Clinton, 227. TV bookers couldn’t get enough of Dowd. What smugness! What monumental cluelessness! ABC’s “This Week” is a show famous for confronting guests with their own prior statements. Would ABC play this game with its own Powerhouse Roundtable prognosticators? Surely a man of Dowd’s integrity would come on the air and admit, “I couldn’t have been more wrong!” HELLO! That didn’t happen at all! Dowd was allowed to sit out the Sunday after the election. The following Sunday, he was in his usual seat on the Powerhouse Roundtable, right back to giving his sweeping, grinning predictions, with no acknowledgment that he had been spectacularly  —   and characteristically  —   wrong in every prediction he’d made, all year long. That’s why Dowd is our   Mr. Magoo. As Trump is being sworn in and visions of the wall are dancing in your head, remember that if he ever runs out of bricks, he can always use Republican consultants.",0
9037,US to Hold Off on Cyberwar With Russia Until After Election,"Rep. Schiff: US Doesn't Want to Provoke Retaliation Before Vote by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
While the Obama Administration has made much of its intention to start a full-scale cyberwar against Russia at a “time of their choosing,” the most recent reports suggest that the war is effectively on hold at least until the presidential election in two weeks. 
From President Obama’s standpoint, the hope is to work with Hillary Clinton, if she becomes president-elect, to launch a cyber war that they both can get behind. Indeed, both have appeared very hawkish against Russia, and Obama apparently doesn’t want to deny Clinton a chance to participate in the early days of a war she’d inherit. 
Starting a cyberwar ahead of a Trump win would be even less wise, as Trump has opposed the idea of picking fights with Russia, and expressed strong doubts about Democratic Party “certainty” that Russia is behind hacks against them. 
Rep. Adam Schiff (D – CA), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, says that another factor is concern about provoking Russian retaliation for such a US attack before the vote, with many Democrats concerned Russia could release “forged” documents to embarrass the Clinton campaign. 
Earlier this month, Vice President Joe Biden reported that he has informed Russia of an imminent retaliatory hack, and says the Obama Administration will pick a time which will “have the greatest impact.” Russia has denied any involvement in the hacks. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
9038,ICE Agent Commits Suicide in NYC; Leaves Note Revealing Gov’t Plans to Round-up & DISARM Americans During Economic & Bank Collapse | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print After writing a lengthy suicide note exposing terrifying plans the government has for American citizens, a US Customs Agent walked onto a pier in NYC and blew his brains out. Sources inside the New York City Police Department have revealed to SuperStation95, the contents of a suicide note found on the body and they are utterly frightening. The note, which says it was written over the course of a full week in advance, outlines why the officer chose to shoot himself: “The America I grew up in, and cherished, has been murdered by its own federal government. Our Constitution has become meaningless and our laws politicized so badly, they are no longer enforced except for political purposes” the note said. “Our elected officials are, to a person, utterly corrupt and completely devoid of any love or respect for the country which pays them. To them, everything is about getting and keeping power, and making illicit money from backroom deals.” The 42-year-old U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement deportation officer shot himself with a 40 caliber service pistol inside Pier 40 in Hudson River Park at around 11 am. (1) A source at the scene described how the officer calmly walked into the park, took out his pistol and shot himself in the head. A ICE federal agent fatally shot himself in the head at waterfront Chelsea park (pictured) in New York Friday The 42-year-old worked as U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement deportation officer and his offices were nearby to the scene of the shooting. He was rushed to Lenox Hill Hospital but doctors were unable to save him. (2) ICE released a statement Friday afternoon: ‘Tragically, a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) deportation officer from the New York field office suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound and has passed away.’ It added: ‘The agency is not releasing further details pending notification of the officer’s next of kin. According to the suicide note, the Officer said: “I was hired to enforce the law; to capture and deport people who come to this country against our laws. But now, if I dare to do that, I face being suspended or fired because our President refuses to faithfully execute the duties of his office. Instead, I come to work each day, and collect a paycheck twice a month, for intentionally doing little to nothing. I cannot and will not be party to this fraud; to this usurpation of the law, or to the despicable politicians betraying our nation” the note continued. ICE’s Office of Professional Responsibility is reviewing the matter and coordinating with the New York Police Department on the investigation. The agent worked at a field office in lower Manhattan, just blocks away from the scene of the shooting. MENTIONS “FEMA CAMPS” FOR AMERICANS (3) In the suicide note, the officer revealed what he claimed are terrifying plans the feds have been finalizing: “If the American people knew what this government is planning, they would rise-up and overthrow it. If I or anyone else in the federal government revealed what is coming, we would be killed anyway, so now I will reveal what I know. We in federal law enforcement have been drilling for several years to control riots and uprisings from a coming financial collapse and widespread bank failures. The drills involve life-sized images of American men, even women and children, whom we are told to shoot for “practice” and to “get used to it.” We have been told that the economy is terminally ill and will fail in 2016. We are also told the banks are all insolvent and the FDIC doesn’t have nearly enough funds to bail out depositors. We are told these events are unavoidable and it is imperative that the government survive when people rise-up over this. When the collapse takes place, detention camps created under the FEMA REX-84 program in the 1980’s to house illegal aliens whom we were going to deport, will instead be used to imprison American Citizens whom the government feels constitute a “threat.” American citizens will be rounded-up without warrants and imprisoned without trial for God knows how long. These camps have been equipped to carry out Hitler-scale killings! An actual “purge” of Americans citizens by the very government which they, themselves, created and pay for! I cannot be party to this.” The Note goes on to say talk about state-level national guard being disarmed by the feds (4) and over 1 Billion rounds of ammunition purchased by the feds (5) and the Military over-deployed and being shrunk (6) : “The government knows the military will rise-up to stop this, so our military is being deployed overseas, intentionally involved in foreign fights, and deliberately shrunk in size so they cannot be here or help Americans! This is why certain ammunition and weaponry has been removed from state-level National Guard Armories and over a Billion rounds of hollow point ammunition has been bought by the federal government. The states themselves have been disarmed of military-grade firepower so they cannot defend themselves from the federal activities. This is also why local police departments have been militarized and provided with armored vehicles and weapons of war” the note says. “When the inevitable collapse begins to take place, electric power to the entire country will be shut off, as will all forms of communication. All banks will be immediately closed; no one will be able to get any money because all ATM’s will be offline. Credit, Debit and EBT cards will not function. Anyone without cash will have no way to get any. The Emergency Alert System will be used to takeover all broadcast stations and tell the public this is a result of a cyber attack. But while the American people patiently await things to get back to normal, the government will unleash round-ups of citizens they deem militants or dangerous . With all civilian communications out, and all TV and radio stations taken over by the Emergency Alert System, by the time word spreads of what is taking place, the government will already have the upper hand. Federal Prisoners to be GASSED TO DEATH The note goes into a wide array of very specific plans and does so in extremely specific detail about what the feds are allegedly planning. For instance, it talks about federal prisons: “Every federal prison has been outfitted with lethal gas systems. When things go bad, all prisoners in all prisons will be placed in their cells on lock-down. Prison staff will depart the facility, and a certain designated person will trigger a lethal gas system. All federal prisoners, regardless of their crime or their sentence, will be gassed to death in their cells. Once the gas clears, the dead will be removed and the prisons will then be used to house citizens who fight against the federal onslaught.” PRIESTS RECRUITED TO QUELL OPPOSITION (7) The note makes mention about Priests, Rabbis and Clerics from various religious denominations having been recruited and trained to quell resistance: “So intent is the government to succeed they have recruited priests, rabbis and clerics from various religions to quote appropriate Scriptures about “obeying government.” They are being trained to tell people not to fight back and that their best hope is to pray.” EXECUTIVE ORDER 13603 (8) The suicide note goes to great lengths about Executive Order #13603 signed by President Obama on March 16, 2012. The note details: 
Executive order 13603 about “National Defense Resources Preparedness.” 
This 10-page document is a blueprint for a federal takeover of the economy. Specifically, Obama’s plan involves seizing control of: 
* “All commodities and products that are capable of being ingested by either human beings or animals” 
* “All forms of energy” 
* “All forms of civil transportation” 
* “All usable water from all sources” 
* “Health resources – drugs, biological products, medical devices, materials, facilities, health supplies, services and equipment” 
* Forced labor ( or “induction” as the executive order delicately refers to military conscription) 
Moreover, federal officials would “issue regulations to prioritize and allocate resources.” SuperStation95 took a look at this Executive Order from the Government Printing Office (GPO) web site and, sure enough, everything contained in the Officer’s suicide note about this Executive Order is true! To be sure, much of this language has appeared in national security executive orders that previous presidents have issued periodically since the beginning of the Cold War. But more than previous national security executive orders, Obama’s 13603 seems to describe a potentially totalitarian regime obsessed with control over everything. Obama’s executive order makes no effort to justify the destruction of liberty, no effort to explain how amassing totalitarian control would enable government to deal effectively with cyber sabotage, suicide bombings, chemical warfare, nuclear missiles or other possible threats. There’s nothing in executive order 13603 about upholding the Constitution or protecting civil liberties. In what circumstances, one might ask, would a president try to carry out this audacious plan? Executive order 13603 says with ominous ambiguity: during “ the full spectrum of emergencies .” DATABASE OF PREPPERS The suicide note touches on the subject of “Preppers:” “We in federal law enforcement have also been told that the government has a full database of all so-called “Preppers.” Those people will be dealt with first — by armed federal agents coming to take their guns, then their food stocks, so food can be re-distributed as the government sees fit.” If the dead Officer’s claims about an unavoidable economic and banking collapse are true, would it then follow that the Executive Order put in place by Obama, might be activated? Would all of us find ourselves in forced labor, while the government takes OUR food and re-distrubutes it under the Executive Order’s paragraph about “allocating resources?” This is terrifying stuff! There is much more to the suicide note and SuperStation95 is considering how much more to publish. As such, this is a developing story and readers should check back for further updates. THESE COULD SIMPLY BE INSANE RAMBLINGS It is not our intent to cause panic or alarm and while we expect readers to be intelligent enough to discern this on their own, we feel compelled to point out that these could simply be paranoid ramblings of an insane person who killed himself. On the other hand, these could also be revelations by a person who was so distraught over the ugly truth, that he killed himself. We at SuperStation95 just don’t know. We urge everyone to stay calm, think rationally, and decide whether or not to take any action to prepare, in case this person’s suicide note is telling the truth. SOURCING / CORROBORATION 
(1) ICE Agent Suicide in NYC: NY Daily News 
(2) Taken to Lenox Hill Hospital NY Post 
(3) REX-84 FEMA CAMPS Wikipedia 
(4) National Guard being stripped of Crew-Serviceable Weapons and communications gear – Republic Broadcasting, John Stadmiller 
(5) Dept. of Homeland Security Orders 1.6 BILLION rounds of ammunition Forbes Magazine 
(6) US Army over-deployed and intentionally shrunk ARMY TIMES 
(7) Clergy Recruited by Gov’t to quell opposition KSLA-TV Channel 12 
(8) Executive Order 13603 White House US Government Printing Office UPDATE – MAY 10, 2016 10:00 PM EDT– The web site SNOPES.com has issued a declaration that our story is some sort of hoax, that we are somehow NOT a radio station and attributed the story – and this web site – to a former FBI National Security Intelligence Asset named Hal Turner, whom she smears as a “White Supremacist.” This is not the first time SNOPES.com has made accusations against us simply because we have been the exclusive source of politically-incorrect news. And while we stand-by our stories in every regard, this barrage of attacks by SNOPES.com is becoming libelous. 
We address the SNOPES.com accusations one at a time: 1) No aspect of our story above is a hoax. What Snopes.com seems to take issue with is the existence and content of a suicide note which was revealed to us by the NYPD. The person from NYPD who gave us this information did so after trying to get two other New York Media outlets, (one TV, the other a newspaper) to publish the story and was rebuked within minutes by media contacts who said “we won’t touch this with a ten foot pole.” The fact that the NYPD now claims “no note was found” does not surprise us at all; NYPD has very close ties with the feds and the feds have an intense interest in concealing or discrediting the information it contained. 2) According to the FCC Licensing Bureau, 95.1 FM in New York City is the HD-4 frequency for WNSH 94.7 FM as licensed by the FCC as shown HERE 3) Our story was written by our News Room staff, not anyone named Hal Turner. 4) Mr. Turner was formerly a paying customer of this radio station from October 7, 2015 thru March 30, 2016. He bought air time from us to air his personal radio show “The Hal Turner Show.” Finances caused Mr. Turner to cancel his programming on our radio station and continue his show on WBCQ International Shortwave , where he is on the air live from 9-11 PM every Wednesday evening. Mr. Turner’s web site is: HalTurnerShow.com . He is welcome to return to our airwaves if his finances improve. 5) SNOPES.com claims Mr. Turner is a “white supremacist.” In reality Mr. Turner worked for the FBI from 1993 – 2008, with his TOD as the Joint Terrorism Task Force from 2003-2008. His job was to infiltrate white supremacist groups to thwart violent criminal acts by such persons. This information came out when the Obama Administration betrayed Mr. Turner in 2009 and arrested him for writing in 2009, what the government PAID HIM $3,000 TO SAY on DATELINE NBC and FOX NEWS CHANNEL just four years earlier in 2005! After three trials (two hung juries) Mr. Turner was Bankrupted by legal fees, was appointed a public defender, who threw the case, resulting in Mr. Turner’s conviction. For SNOPES.com to smear Mr. Turner as a “White Supremacist” when federal court records show the exact opposite, is a prime example of the utterly shoddy research and reporting provided by SNOPES.com 
The criticism and SNOPES.com outright falsehoods about this story, and others, have been written mostly by: 
Ms. Kim A Lacapria, Age 37 (born Mar 20, 1979 ) 
39 Cockonoe AVE 
Babylon, NY 11702-1901 Those of you who are offended by this type of journalistic misconduct, may wish to contact Ms. LaCapria in a peaceful, lawful, non-threatening and non-violent manner to complain about her shoddy journalism. PLEASE DO NOT HARASS THIS IGNORANT PERSON and PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE do not make any threats or commit any intimidation. None of us need that and it will only result in serious legal trouble. 
Ms. La Capria can be reached at: Tel. (516) 422-7943 
(516) 422-7494 ",0
9039,A Former Girl Soldier in Colombia Finds ‘Life Is Hard’ as a Civilian - The New York Times,"CALDAS, Colombia  —   Mélida was only 9 when guerrilla fighters lured her away with the promise of food as she played on the floor. For the next seven years she was held hostage by the rebels, forced to become a child soldier. Her family thought she had died in battle. Then Mélida suddenly returned to her village at 16, carrying a pistol and a grenade. Only her grandfather recognized her  —   from a birthmark on her cheek. The very next day, the military surrounded her house, called by an informant seeking the bounty on her head. “I found out my own father had turned me in,” she recalled. Colombia is nearing a peace agreement with the rebels to end a   of fighting, one of the longest conflicts in the world. More than 220, 000 people have been killed, leaving a country bitterly divided over what role, if any, former rebels should play in society once they drop their weapons for a new, unarmed life outside the jungle. That includes thousands of rebel fighters who were raised since childhood to carry out armed struggle. Many of them know little else but war. “There are times when I think about returning to the guerrillas because this life is hard here,” said Mélida, now 20, who, like other former child soldiers, asked that her last name not be used because she fears reprisals over her links to the rebels. She is now caught between two worlds, she says, belonging to neither. “True, we were children waiting for our deaths. But I’m always thinking about returning. ” The rebels, known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, say they don’t recruit children. Yet during a recent visit to a FARC camp by The New York Times, a   soldiers as young as 15 said they had been recruited by the rebels only months earlier. In government rehabilitation centers throughout Colombia, minors told similar stories of being spirited away to camps by rebels. Now they face a future for which they are thoroughly unprepared. Fabio said he was kidnapped by rebel fighters at the age of 9. By the time he was 13, he said, his commanders began sending him on solo missions to slit the throats of government soldiers as they slept. He said his own family did not look for him or inform the authorities of his abduction. “They would have been killed,” said Fabio, who is now 19. Freddy said he joined the FARC at 14 to avenge the killing of a cousin by paramilitary forces. He deserted at 16 with two dozen other soldiers. But he said his aunt, fearing reprisals from the guerrillas, told him never to return to his village. Finding a place for these former soldiers is vital to the success of any peace deal, analysts say. “If poor or botched reintegration programs fail to offer opportunities to former child combatants, Colombia’s powerful paramilitaries and trafficking groups may offer them a tempting alternative,” said Adam Isacson, a senior analyst at the Washington Office on Latin America, a human rights group. At the rebel camp, one FARC commander, who goes by the name Teófilo Panclasta, defended the use of child soldiers, saying that many joined to escape trouble at home. “If a girl comes at 15 as a prostitute and wants to join us to stop being a whore, what are we going to say?” he asked. Mélida said that when her captors came to her house along the river, they drew her attention by saying they had soup in their canoe. The guerrillas brought her up the river until they reached a distant camp. She woke up alongside several other children, each around 10 or 11. Their first lesson was hiding in trenches during bombings by the military. Mélida’s father, Moisés, a traditional healer of the Amazon’s Cubeo group, was away at the time and did not return to their village for another month. He quickly left again to find the girl. Moisés went to the guerrilla camp near the village and asked to meet the commander, a tall FARC fighter in fatigues. “I said, ‘I came for my daughter,’ ” Moisés recalled. “He said she wasn’t there. ” In the camp, Mélida had been renamed Marisol and began her schooling. A Dutch woman who had joined the fighters and spoke broken Spanish taught lessons on the history of communism, the FARC and Darwin’s theory of evolution, something Mélida had never learned in her indigenous village. Mélida was also learning to make land mines. One “looked like a fish” and was triggered with a tripwire made of string, she said. Another was called the “quiebrapatas,” or the “” because it maimed rather than killed its victim. “I said, ‘I want to go home,’ ” she remembered saying. “But they told me, ‘Once you enter a camp, you cannot leave.’ ” Mélida said she saw the fate of runaway fighters firsthand. Once, a    and his    sister disappeared before dawn and soon found themselves trapped on the edge of a muddy river. They had not learned to swim. Mélida joined the search for them. When the pair were found, they were shot dead. “First the brother, then the sister,” Mélida recalled. She remembered feeling no remorse that day. “I said to myself, ‘Yes  —   yes they should be killed.’ ” She was 12 years old. Years after she was kidnapped, FARC rebels passed through her village and mentioned Mélida to her family. “They said she had died in an attack,” her father recalled. “After that, I just forgot about her. I thought it was best to forget. ” In reality, a commander in his 40s had taken an interest in her. At first, he followed her around the camp. Then one day, when she was 15, he asked her to wash his clothes in his tent. “Give me a kiss,” she recalled him saying. “I don’t know how,” she said. “Then I’ll teach you,” the commander said. She was later given a birth control implant in her arm and the commander forced her into a relationship, she said. “Imagine waking up next to someone who was that old when you are that young,” she said. At 16, she asked the commander if she could visit her family. She was surprised when he agreed. Carrying the pistol and the grenade, she made her way back home for what was meant to be a short reunion. The village was unrecognizable. A warship was now stationed near the dock. The home from which she had been abducted was abandoned. “I told the first person I saw that I was Mr. Moisés’ daughter, and they said I couldn’t be because that daughter was dead,” she said. Mélida says she does not know why her father turned her in to the military the next day. “He wanted me not to go back perhaps,” she said. “He wanted the best for me. ” But Moisés, sitting in his daughter’s living room on a recent afternoon, offered another explanation. “I wanted to buy a motorcycle,” he said. After a moment he added, “They never gave me the reward I was promised. ” The soldiers interrogated Mélida at one base after another, she said. What was her real name, they asked? Who were her commanders? Where were the FARC bases? After two weeks, Mélida was taken to a government rehabilitation center for indigenous youth who had left the FARC. It was on a mountainside in an alien part of the country for Mélida, who had never seen the Andes before she was captured. The center was home to about 20 other former child soldiers. Daily classes and chores, meant to adjust them to civilian life, were new to her. Other requirements, like another birth control implant, reminded her of the FARC. War was constantly on Mélida’s mind. “When I would get up, I would reach beside me to take my rifle and realize there wasn’t one there,” she said. Víctor Hugo Ochoa, the center’s director, said Mélida arrived angry and often threatened to run away. “It was hard to intervene,” he said. “She formed her own constellation of kids who turned on us. ” At night, Mélida began sneaking out of the center with a man named Javier, whose mother was a cook there. He was nine years older than Mélida, but the two would go out drinking and partying in a nearby town. Javier had a bad history with the rebels. In 2004, his brother, a soldier, was killed by a FARC sniper. His family never forgave the guerrillas, a tension at the heart of any peace deal. Despite this, Mélida and Javier realized they were falling in love. “Why did it have to be her?” he said. “From the people who killed my brother?” Mélida was forming another relationship  —   with her father, who began visiting to get to know her again. After turning Mélida in, Moisés now wanted a role in his daughter’s life. But even communicating was a challenge: Mélida had lost some of her fluency in Cubeo, the indigenous language they had spoken when she was a child. “She was just some young lady I didn’t know,” he said. The new ties were changing her, Mr. Ochoa said. She was getting to know her two cousins, María and Leila, themselves former FARC members who had left the center. Javier’s mother, Dora, was teaching Mélida to cook and clean, taking on a mother’s role. Dora took Mélida’s FARC history in stride. “My daughter is married to a policeman another is with a soldier,” she said. “Javier is with an  . The only thing we’re missing in this family is a paramilitary. ” One day Mélida’s birth control implant failed and she became pregnant. Dora pulled Mélida aside. “I told her, ‘Now you have something to fight for that’s not the revolution.’ ” Her daughter, Celeste, was born last year. The daily tasks of motherhood consumed Mélida for weeks. But the anger remained. “She told me she was raised for war, not to care, not to be a lover,” Javier said. “She would tell me, ‘I love you, but understand my life hasn’t been easy.’ ” One day, Javier returned to find that Mélida and the baby were gone. Days before, Mélida had mentioned returning to rebel territory to see her sister, but now Javier thought it was a ruse to return to the FARC fold. It wasn’t the case. Instead, her bus had been stopped at a checkpoint by rebels who questioned each of the passengers. “I thought they would catch me again,” said Mélida, who realized then she did not want to go back, at least not that day. Mélida’s relationship with her father remains strained. They rarely talk about her life in rebel hands. On a recent day, Mélida was recovering from a blow to her face. “She started to argue with me and I hit her,” said Moisés, looking at the ground. Recently, Mélida’s cousin Leila, the former FARC member, committed suicide. Mélida sometimes travels to visit the unmarked grave. Dora says Mélida is too strong to take her own life. But she worries Mélida might return to the guerrillas. “She is a good mother and puts her daughter first,” Dora said. “But she also tells me she is bored and doesn’t like this life. And I tell her: ‘If you want to leave, then leave. But think of the girl. Leave Celeste with me.’ ”",0
9040,Владимир Зельдин госпитализирован в тяжелом состоянии,"  
Как пишет Life.ru, Зельдин доставлен в одну из московских больниц.Актер является старейшим из ныне живущих народных артистов СССР и самый взрослый действующий актер планеты. В прошлом году ему исполнилось 100 лет. 
Российским зрителям Владимир Зельдин хорошо известен по ролям более чем в 40 кинокартинах, среди которых «Карнавальная ночь» (1956), «Десять негритят» (1987), «Дядя Ваня» (1970), «Принцесса на горошине» (1976), «Тридцать первое июня» (1978) и многие другие. 
Напомним, в прошлом году актер Зельдин при прохождении обследования в научном центре имени Бакулева сел мимо стула и упал, получив перелом шейки бедра, после чего был успешно прооперирован. 
Правда.ру ранее писала, что операция, проведенная народному артисту СССР Владимиру Зельдину , была успешной, сообщил начальник Управления культуры Минобороны России Антон Губанков. 
Напомним, Владимир Зельдин отметил 100-летний юбилей в феврале этого года . Поздравительную телеграмму актеру направил президент Владимир Путин . По традиции, день рождения именинник отметил бенефисом - в родном Центральном академическом театре Российской армии. 
Зельдин является лауреатом множества наград, в том числе ордена Трудового Красного Знамени, ордена Красной Звезды. В мае этого года Владимир Путин лично вручил Зельдину орден ""За заслуги перед Отечеством"" I степени . Выпускник театрального училища при театре имени МОСПС (сейчас театр имени Моссовета), он работал несколько лет в этом театре, затем в Центральном театре транспорта и в Русском драматическом театре Алма-Аты, а с 1945 года неизменно служит в труппе Центрального театра Российской армии (ранее - Советской армии). Всенародную известность и популярность он получил за работы в фильмах «Свинарка и пастух», ""Сказание о земле Сибирской"", ""Дядя Ваня"", ""Карнавальная ночь"", ""Десять негритят"" и др. Накануне своего юбилея в декабре в Театре Российской армии состоялась премьера спектакля ""Человек из Ламанчи"", где Владимир Зельдин исполнил роль Дон Кихота. ""Роль Дон Кихота - это моя давняя мечта. И я рассматриваю это как самый дорогой подарок своему юбилею. Но на этом я не собираюсь завершать свою карьеру и буду репетировать роль Кутузова в спектакле ""Давным-давно"", где когда-то в молодые годы я играл поручика Ржевского. Этот спектакль будет ставить главный режиссер нашего театра Борис Морозов"", - сказал в интервью РИА ""Новости"" Владимир Зельдин. 
 ",0
9041,POTUS FLOTUS Pocus,"The president and Hillary Clinton share a “stubborn desire” to avoid scrutiny. November 4, 2016 Lloyd Billingsley 
The President of the United States, the most powerful man in the world, is working three shifts for his designated successor, former First Lady and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. As the FBI continues its investigations and Clinton emails continue to emerge, it is worth recalling the mysteries in the president’s narrative. 
Last year, “Obama’s narrator,” as the New York Times called David Axelrod, released his massive Believer : My Forty Years in Politics . The author recalls a “perfectly timed” and unexpected call that would change his life. 
“David, it’s Barack,” said the voice on the phone. “I’m thinking about what I want to do next, and was wondering if we could talk.” This call took place in 1992, which explains the perfect timing. 
On February 8, 1992, the president’s maternal grandfather Stanley Dunham passed away at 73. So “Gramps,” as the narrator called him, was no longer around to offer insights on family history, correct any accounts that might appear, or write one of his own. 
In the 1995 Dreams from My Father, Gramps “might” say that a Kenyan foreign student looks a lot like Nat King Cole. Actually, Gramps might not. The Kenyan student Barack H. Obama bears little resemblance to Cole, who passed away in 1965 but enjoyed a revival in the 1990s through daughter Natalie’s “Unforgettable” album. 
The narrator of Dreams from My Father invokes “a stubborn desire to protect myself from scrutiny” and he “doesn’t fault people their suspicions” if they fail to take him at “face value.” His elusive father is a “prop in someone else’s narrative” and “an image I could alter on a whim or ignore when convenient.” The narrative itself is a “myth,” a “tale,” and a “useful fiction.” 
Dreams from My Father has no photo section, no index, and key characters get only a first name. These include “Frank,” who gets 2,500 words. Back in 1995, the president himself identified this person as Frank Marshall Davis, the Stalinist Paul Kengor regards as the president’s mentor, as he explained in The Communist: The Untold Story of Frank Marshall Davis . 
In Dreams from My Real Father , documentarian Joel Gilbert made a case that Davis is the president’s biological father. Malik Obama, son of the Kenyan Barack H. Obama, sees a strong physical resemblance . That also holds true on the policy side. Professor Kengor found “remarkable similarities” between the writings of Davis and the policies of president Barack Obama. 
The Kenyan Barack Obama, though a man of the left, was not a pro-Soviet Communist. Had he been pro-Soviet, he would have attended Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow. Indeed, Obama warned his fellow Kenyans about Soviet meddling in Africa. 
The Kenyan Obama would have found strange the president’s 2009 cancelation of missile defense for European allies. An outspoken man, he would not have supported the kind of high-tech harassment Sharyl Attkisson described in Stonewalled: My Fight for Truth Against the Forces of Obstruction, Intimidation and Harassment in Obama’s Washington . 
The Kenyan Barack H. Obama had issues with strongman types such as Jomo Kenyatta, who ruled Kenya from 1963 until his death in 1978. In keeping with his country, and most of Africa, the Kenyan Barack Obama is not on record as a supporter of homosexual causes. Frank Marshall Davis, on the other hand, was certainly on board. As Davis wrote in his 1992 memoir Livin’ the Blues : 
“During the dramatic civil rights demonstrations of the 1960s, I often thought we ought to form a united front with joint sit-ins at cafes. In my mind I envisioned the result. An indignant white restaurant manager frantically phoning the police, ‘Get here in a hurry! We got niggers at our counters and our washrooms are loaded with fairies and lesbians!’ Or perhaps there might have been a joint March on Washington waving banners: Blacks and Homos, Arise!” 
That, and Davis’ pornographic novel, Sex Rebel: Black , might explain the president’s stubborn desire to protect himself from scrutiny. It could also have something do with what the narrator calls the “less flattering aspects of my father’s character.” 
In Dreams from My Father , the Kenyan is raised a Muslim but in The Audacity of Hope he is “a confirmed atheist, thinking religion to be so much superstition, like the mumbo-jumbo of witch doctors that he had witnessed in the Kenyan villages of his youth.” 
In Audacity , the narrator explains that he went to a “predominantly Muslim school” in Indonesia. He does not indicate whether atheists, Lutherans, Jews, or Buddhists also attended the school. Registration records were supposedly destroyed by flooding. 
The predominantly Muslim school also emerges in Believer , but Axelrod does not indicate if students of other faiths attended. Frank, Ann Dunham, Stanley Dunham, and even the Kenyan Barack Obama are missing from this account, but it proves enlightening in other ways. 
In a 2008, Brian Williams of MSNBC asked presidential candidates what steps they would take in the event of a simultaneous terror attack on major American cities. As Axelrod explains, “Obama neglected to include that he would pursue the perpetrators.” 
Hillary Clinton did likewise in 2012, passing off what she privately regarded as a terrorist attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi as a spontaneous protest over a video. Like the president, Clinton has always shown a stubborn desire to protect herself from scrutiny. With BleachBit , hammers and lies, Hillary and her handlers did their best to make more than 30,000 emails disappear. 
The contents remain something of a mystery, just as mysteries linger about the president and his background. On the other hand, by now some things are perfectly clear. 
The POTUS and former FLOTUS both decline to identify Islamic terrorism. Both are shrink-wrapped in statist superstition. And both lie with the greatest of ease. On these counts, like the critters in Orwell’s Animal Farm, one can find it “impossible to say which was which.” 
Back in July, the party faithful were chanting “Four more years!” during the president’s speech at the Democratic National Convention.",0
9042,"CNBC’s Santelli Takes on ’Meet the Press’ Panel on Russian Hacking - ’On Election Night, I Never Saw You So Unhappy’ - Breitbart","Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press” during a panel discussion about the alleged Russian hacking efforts intended to influence November’s presidential election, CNBC contributor Rick Santelli took on a panel led by show moderator Chuck Todd and consisting of New York Times columnist David Brooks, MSNBC anchor Andrea Mitchell and former Rep. Donna Edwards ( ).  During the discussion, Santelli accused Todd of “picking sides” and dismissed Mitchell’s defense of the attention given to the Russian hacking controversy by the media. Partial transcript as follows: DAVID BROOKS: Putin is a guy who murders journalists, who has destroyed the democratic process in his own country and now suddenly he feels the freedom to try to do that in our country. It’s not normal statecraft. (CROSSTALK) RICK SANTELLI: To see Russians happy because Trump won  —   on election night, I never saw you so unhappy. You pick sides. Everybody picks sides. ANDREA MITCHELL: That’s not true, Rick. CHUCK TODD: Who picks sides? MITCHSLL: That’s just not true. Let’s get back to the facts here. SANTELLI: What are the facts? We were hacking [Angela] Merkel’s phone. Everybody does it. MITCHELL: Rick, here’s the difference. We do it, they do it. What made this different is that the Russians weaponized it by transferring it through intermediaries to WikiLeaks. They dumped it out. We do it and hold it. They do it and hold it. (CROSSTALK) MITCHELL: Let me finish my sentence  —   WikiLeaks was out from the end of the summer and it was being investigated. SANTELLI: So where were these headlines then? (CROSSTALK) MITCHELL: There was plenty of headlines. There was no proof of who did it. SANTELLI: People in charge of intelligence are political as well. DONNA EDWARDS: What happened here is the intelligence gathering that normally takes place was operationalized by the Russians to interfere with our elections. If you look at the report  —   MITCHELL: They did it in Ukraine. They’re doing it in Germany. EDWARDS: They’re doing it in Germany right now and this is really serious. We’re not going to get over by just saying everybody does it. SANTELLI: Right, we should be solving the problem instead of making it a political hot potato. Let me see the Cuban missiles on the island picture. Trump needs to see it before networks need to see it. MITCHELL: I went to the hearing  —   SANTELLI: Oh the hearing. There’s hearings on everything. They’re kabuki theater. MITCHELL: Well Rick, if you had been there you would have seen something very different. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
9043,World in fear of Trump following through. Hopefully no more soon.,  Nice Admin Lady  ,0
9044,Silver Signals The Flight To Real Safety Is On Again,"Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy dollar collapse , silver , silver eagles , stock bubble admin 
Gold is powering higher because the dollar is dropping. The dollar index is down 1.7% in the last 3 1/2 trading sessions. It’s down 2.3% vs the euro in the last 5 1/2 days, down 2.1% vs the yen in the last 3 days and down nearly 2% vs. the Swissie since Sunday night. 
This is NOT about the political chaos connected to the U.S. election. That’s a sideshow distraction to the real problems going on behind the scene. 
The U.S. economy is starting to collapse. This is becoming glaringly evident from most of the data, notwithstanding the highly manipulated economic reports like auto sales. 
The movement back into non-fiat assets is starting again – anything connected to debt, like housing, is a de facto fiat asset. The best indicator of this is not gold, but silver. Silver was correlating with SPX for most of October, when the investment “thesis” was “a strengthening economy is good for industrial metals.” 
The graph below illustrates this. It shows silver’s movement vs. the SPX for the last 3 months: 
Silver correlated almost perfectly with the movement of the SPX for most of October (shaded area on the graph). But silver has moved up while the SPX has been selling off (including today, Nov 2nd) the past 4 trading sessions. This signals a switch from silver performing as an “industrial” metal to silver functioning as a “monetary” metal. 
Certainly based on the gold-silver ratio, silver is extraordinarily cheap to gold and thus represents a prototypical “value” trade as the markets begin to accept and reflect economic reality and reject the politically-charge propaganda about a “healthy” economy coming from the Fed, the White House and the Democratic candidates. 
IRD sponsor’s the Mining Stock Journal , which provides unique commentary and insight into the precious metals and mining stock market. It also presents typically an under-followed junior mining stock investment idea and, when warranted, large-cap trade. A few issues ago I recommended First Majestic calls. As of today, those calls are up over 50% from offer side at issue to bid side right now. New subscribers also receive all of the back-issues. You can subscribe by clicking here: Mining Stock Journal. Share this:",0
9045,Radio Derb 10/28/16,"X Dear Reader! VDARE.com isn’t just a website. We are the voice of the Historic American Nation . Our goal is nothing less than to develop a full spectrum media network to speak up for our people during this difficult time for our country. Part of that means building institutions which are offline and in the real world. There’s something about a paper journal that suggests permanence, which inclines people to take it more seriously. And because the news cycle is so fast, some of the most important, substantial, and potentially influential writings fall through the cracks and don’t get the attention they deserve. For that reason, we’re proud to announce the creation of VDARE QUARTERLY, a print journal featuring the best material from our webzine. This will replace our yearly anthologies and ensure that the information and analysis you really don't want to miss will get in front of you as quickly as possible. However, we need your help. For us to unveil this exciting new product we need 600 magazines ordered to cover the print expenses. Fill out the form below to instantly receive a digital copy of VDARE QUARTERLY, and when we have the number of necessary subscribers it will go to print and your exclusive paper copy will ship directly to you! Depending on the package you choose, you will receive multiple paper copies (provided enough readers support the community effort). We encourage you to pass these around – they serve as an excellent gift for friends and family, while at the same time helping to build our community. VDARE QUARTERLY is aesthetically pleasing as well as ideologically powerful. But this isn’t just a service we are providing. VDARE QUARTERLY is a tangible manifestation of your investment in us, and in our country. A subscription is one of the most effective ways you can help us build our media network, expand our influence, and build the kind of movement we will need to take back our country and ensure our children have a recognizable America. 
We count on your support! Yours sincerely, Peter Brimelow, Editor of VDARE.com VDARE QUARTERLY countdown: 167 already ordered, 433 still to go",0
9046,Gorka on Trump’s First 100 Days: ‘We Understand We Inherited a World on Fire’ - Breitbart,"Deputy Assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka, formerly national security editor for Breitbart News, reviewed the Trump administration’s first 100 days on Friday’s Breitbart News Daily. [Gorka said one of the greatest accomplishments of the first 100 days was President Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress, which he described as a moment when the mainstream media’s “reportage, the politically spun reportage, was just blown out of the water”:  I don’t know if you recall  —   on that day and the day before, for 24 hours  —   there was this, “he’s going to go soft on this, they’re not going to keep their promises, they’re not going to talk about the threat as it really is. ” It’s very, very interesting to go back and not just read the transcript, but watch the video, and that moment when the    pauses, looks straight at the camera, and says, “the enemy is radical Islamic terrorism. ” “We’ve set the marker down that we’re going to take politics out of the threat assessment. We’re no longer going to allow political correctness to distort who the enemy is, and how we report about them,” he declared. “I’m biased because I worked on that for years at Breitbart and elsewhere,” he admitted cheerfully. “Number Two is a broader issue that spans everything, whether it’s North Korea, whether it’s Moscow, whether it’s ISIS, or anybody else, and it’s the different way of going around and doing national business that the president has brought to the table,” Gorka continued. He promised: Here I mean the complete rejection of leading from behind, of “strategic patience. ” When the vice president last week gave that address on the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan and said “the era of strategic patience is gone. The world is a dangerous place, and it is a safer place when we are helping guide and lead reactions to those threats”  —   not, and this is really important for your listeners, not as neoconservatives. This is not a third Bush term. But we will lead, and when people do things such as use chemical weapons against women and children, the president will take action. Dr. Gorka’s protégé and successor as Breitbart News, national security editor Frances Martel, noted that President Trump has been criticized for insisting on using the language of “radical Islamic terrorism,” but is given little credit for his outreach to Middle Eastern allies like Egypt. She asked if Gorka was satisfied with the level of engagement between the Trump administration and America’s allies. Gorka responded by inviting listeners to Google the meeting between President Trump and President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt and “just look at the expression” on the latter’s face. “He’s sitting down with the leader of the free world. The smile, the body language, the positivity,” Gorka said. “We did our Muslim partners in the region a great, great disservice in the last eight years. We did not assist them in fighting the jihadis in their backyards. Think about what’s going on in the Sinai right now, with Beit   an ISIS affiliate in Egypt. ” “We did some very bad things,” he recalled. “If you look at the JCPOA, the Iran deal, if you look at the unleashing of billions of dollars to Tehran, the people who are most on the frontline of the war with groups like ISIS and    —   our Sunni friends  —   felt like they had simply been left by the wayside. They felt that the last administration had chosen a side in this war, and it was the Shia extremists in Tehran. ” “We’ve changed all that. The president is clear: we are not going to fight anybody’s wars for them. We will help our friends and allies fight their own wars for themselves  —   with trainers, with advice, with intelligence as required. We are there for our Sunni allies: Egypt, Jordan, the Emiratis, even the Kurds of the region,” he declared. “I think what we have achieved in just the last 14 weeks, as compared to the last 8 years, sends a very clear message. We’re not about invading other people’s countries. We’re not about occupying them, but we will help our friends. There’s a certain Marine division that interestingly has supplied two of our cabinet members, and that Marine division has a very interesting motto: ‘No better friend, no worse enemy.’ I think people understand that we have started a new era in relations around the world,” said Gorka. Turning to the other major foreign policy crisis of the moment, Gorka said the Trump administration would follow “classic strategic behavior” in dealing with North Korea. “You send messages overtly, you send them implicitly,” he elaborated. “I think everybody by now understands the MOAB attack in Afghanistan, the cruise missile attack in Syria  —   neither of those uses of force by the president are just about the countries in which they occurred. ” “So we send implicit messages, explicit messages, but we don’t give the playbook away,” he continued. “People constantly ask me, ‘So what’s next in North Korea? What’s next with regard to relations with Russia?’ and so forth. We’re not going to give that away because that’s astrategic. When you play poker, you don’t show your hand to the people sitting around the table. ” Breitbart News Daily host Alexander Marlow joked that his propensity for showing his cards to everyone else at the table might explain his long losing streak at poker. “President Clinton did that in the Balkans in  . He told the Milosevich regime what he was going to do and what he wasn’t going to do,” Gorka recalled. “And the last administration did it with Mosul, telegraphing when we’re coming and when we’re not coming, and what we’re going to do. That is a way to lose, not a way to win, and this president is all about winning. We know that. ” “The general principles will stand: American leadership is back. We have certain red lines we will act upon them should they be breached. We understand that we have inherited a world on fire,” he said. “There’s one metric I love to use: when we took office  —   this is according to the United Nations, hardly a hotbed of   analysis  —   the United Nations has stated there are 65 million refugees in the world today. That is a world historic record. We had less refugees in 1945 at the cessation of hostilities that was World War II,” he pointed out. “So we know the world is a dangerous place, but we’re going to make it less dangerous by exercising strategic leadership  —   not in a   sense, but in a patriotic sense that supports our friends and allies,” Gorka averred. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
9047,Why the Fashion World Is Obsessed With ‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’ - The New York Times,"Her shoes were   bedazzled platform moon boots. Her outfit was encircled by a tutu tilted at a particularly rakish angle. Her capelet, cresting in tusklike spikes, appeared to be   from aluminum foil. Jeremy Scott, the fashion designer, leaned forward and fixed the contestant, Alyssa Edwards, with a look. “I will just come out of the closet here and say, This is fashion,” he said. And because this is also “RuPaul’s Drag Race All Stars”  —   one of the reality TV shows in the   empire overseen by RuPaul Charles, the   drag “supermodel of the world”  —   Ms. Edwards, a drawling diva out of Mesquite, Tex. accepted the compliment and went on to   Taylor Dayne’s “Tell It to My Heart. ” For the uninitiated, “RuPaul’s Drag Race” is a competition on the Logo network to find “America’s next drag superstar. ” It is a campy, joyful pastiche of “Project Runway,” “America’s Next Top Model” and “America’s Got Talent,” requiring its   superstars to sing, dance, act, strut and   for the title. Along the way, in and out of drag, contestants design and make their own dresses, spackle on their own makeup and merrily talk trash about, and to, one another. Is it any wonder that it has become the fashion industry’s favorite show? “I’ve seen every episode,” said Marc Jacobs, who, like Mr. Scott, has been a guest judge on the show. (Mr. Charles and his friend and sidekick, Michelle Visage, are two of the constant judges, with a rotating roster of regulars and guests.) “It makes me laugh, it makes me cry. There’s a lot of power in it, and I’m not a big reality TV show fan at all. ” It was first recommended to him by the photographer Steven Meisel. Since its premiere in 2009, “Drag Race” has grown from minor curiosity into niche touchstone, largely by word of mouth and social media. This month, after being ignored by most major awards for years, Mr. Charles won his (and the show’s) first Emmy, for best host. Its audience is growing along with its acclaim. The first episode of the eighth season of “Drag Race,” its most recent, which concluded in May, was the most streamed in the history of the series. Viewership for the second season of “Drag Race All Stars,” in which previous contestants come back for a second chance at a crown, airing now, is up 28 percent over “Drag Race” (and more than 50 percent over the first season of “All Stars”). Winners and   have gone on to perform around the world, record albums and music videos, team up with cosmetics companies and, in at least one case (Laganja Estranja, Season 6) debut a line of   fashion, accessories and dog clothes. In some circles, the show has been celebrated for its politics of affirmation and visibility. In fashion circles, it is celebrated for this, too  —   but also for minting a class of   who look great in a dress. “It’s happening,” said Miss Fame, 31, a contestant on Season 7. “The doors have been opening. ” Since being on “Drag Race,” she has attended New York Fashion Week (and will attend Paris’s this season) and made beauty videos for L’Oréal, which sent her to the Cannes Film Festival, where she walked the red carpet in a Zac Posen gown. Mr. Charles’s queens are now guests at fashion shows and fashion week parties, adored by the biggest names in the industry. Pat McGrath, the doyenne of runway makeup artists, posts images of contestants on her social media accounts. Miu Miu flew several contestants to Paris for a party to celebrate its perfume last July. They also appear in magazines and ad campaigns. Mr. Meisel was on the vanguard when he shot Carmen Carrera (an early contestant who has since announced she is transgender) for W magazine in 2011. In the years since, more have followed. Pearl, a contestant from Season 7, signed with Wilhelmina Models in 2015. This year, Mr. Jacobs featured Dan Donigan (better known by his nom de drag, Milk) a contestant from Season 6, in his spring ads, wearing his women’s collection. And in April, Naomi Campbell gave a   to Naomi Smalls, a Season 8   who chose a drag name in Ms. Campbell’s honor. “I’m loving Naomi Smalls,” Ms. Campbell told a crowd in London. “It’s a kind of ” said Violet Chachki, 24, the winner from Season 7. “There’s a strong crossover there. ” Known on the show as a “fashion queen” (as opposed to a “comedy queen” or a “pageant queen”) Ms. Chachki’s signature look involved corseting herself to a   so extreme that one of her accessories was an oxygen tank. Since her win, she has been invited to fashion shows by Mr. Jacobs and Mr. Scott, and was among those flown to the Miu Miu party in Paris (“” she said). The photographer Steven Klein shot her for Interview magazine, alongside the runway model Anna Cleveland, and for Italian Vogue, alongside other “Drag Race” alumni, for an article about the club promoter Susanne Bartsch. “I think that a lot of people in the fashion world have an eye on me, because I do have that crossover,” Ms. Chachki said. “It seems so normal to me now, but even three years ago I never would have imagined it. Now it seems I’m segueing into that world, more so than the drag world. ” “That world” is watching, and discussing. “I was on set shooting an ad campaign a few days ago, and I think half the set watched the show,” said the designer Jason Wu. “It was totally the topic of the day. Between the makeup artist and the set designer, we’re all huge fans. ” Mr. Wu has a long history with RuPaul as a doll designer before he worked in fashion, Mr. Wu worked on a series of RuPaul dolls. “There are many weekly discussions in the office,” said the designer Joseph Altuzarra, who called RuPaul “the heir apparent to Oprah. ” “A lot of people go into fashion  —   a lot of designers, certainly  —   because they love clothing, they love makeup and hair and beauty. And I think ‘Drag Race’ is such an extreme version of it that it only makes sense that people in this industry can appreciate it and latch on. ” Bianca Del Rio, 41, the winner of Season 6 and one of the show’s most visible stars, said, “Fashion people understand drag. ” She has toured the world with her   comedy act, and stars in a new independent film, “Hurricane Bianca,” that comes out this week. “It’s a process, and you get to create absolutely anything you want. The only difference with a fashion show is it’s 15 minutes. For us, it’s usually two hours. ” Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, two of the executive producers of “Drag Race,” are also documentarians who directed “In ‘Vogue’: The Editor’s Eye. ” “We were a little anxious they might find out that we made ‘Drag Race,’” Mr. Bailey said about his initial meetings with Vogue editors. “The reverse was completely true. The embrace was fantastic, because they all watch it. ” The affection is mutual. Asked who else from the fashion industry he would most like to have on the show  —   besides Mr. Scott and Mr. Jacobs, the models Gigi Hadid and Chanel Iman have appeared  —   Mr. Charles said: “How fabulous would it be if we got Anna Wintour on the judges panel?” Of course, drag fashion is not runway fashion. Most of the queens on the show make or commission their outfits, only occasionally straying into designer pieces, which rarely come in regular women’s sizes, let alone    ’s sizes. (“I can definitely make sample size work,” said Ms. Chachki dryly, “which is more than most. ”) More to the point, drag fashion satirizes high fashion as much as it celebrates it. “That’s part of the bohemian creed,” Mr. Charles said. “You reserve the right to simultaneously love something with all your heart and absolutely hate it to your core. I love creativity and beauty. Fashion is absolutely that. ” Which may in part explain why the fashion industry has found “Drag Race” easy to love. Runway fashion, with very few exceptions, exists in a state of permanent seriousness drag sends it up mercilessly, worshiping its extremes while mocking its pretensions with impunity. It comes as a relief. And that is exactly how some use it. After the grueling production of his most recent fashion week show, Mr. Jacobs said, he dragged himself home and got in bed. “I couldn’t move, I was so wiped out,” he said. “Eight o’clock came around I was like, ‘Oh, my God, we get to watch ‘Drag Race All Stars.’ What could be better? Lying in bed, eating pretzels with peanut butter stuffed inside them, watching ‘Drag Race’ with my boyfriend. ”",0
9048,False Flag Attack Coming in Syria as Americans Sleepwalk Into World War III - Isaac Davis,"Originally appeared at Waking Times 
Americans are sleepwalking into World War III , and as events in Syria are shaping up it could come any moment as the biggest October surprise ever. At this stage in the conflict, we are one minor event away from all out war between the world’s major super powers, an event which would most certainly result in nuclear war. All that is needed is for the right type of false flag event to serve as provocation. 
“In naval warfare, a “false flag” refers to an attack where a vessel flies a flag other than their true battle flag before engaging their enemy. It is a trick, designed to deceive the enemy about the true nature and origin of an attack.” [ Source ] 
As the world pretends to be ruled by democratically elected governments, and as the world’s people feign freedom under an ever-expanding surveillance, police and warfare state, some semblance of pretext is needed in order to manufacture sufficient consent for the oligarchy’s standing plans of forcing us into expansion of the Orwellian Permanent War . A brief look at how this tactic has historically been used helps to predict what is certainly forthcoming in Syria, as paraphrased from James Corbett of the Corbett Report . 
1780’s – The Swedish-Russian War of 1788-1790 began when Swedish troops were intentionally dressed up as Russian troops then sent to attack their own border with Finland, effectively tricking the public into believing Russia had attacked, thereby kicking off a war will killed thousands. 
1931 – The Japanese army deliberately destroyed a portion of a Japanese owned railway, then blamed it on Chinese dissidents to justify the military occupation of Manchuria . 
1939 – Nazi war engineers dressed up Polish prisoners in Polish military uniforms and directed them to attack a German radio station. They prisoners were shot dead and their bodies left on the scene as evidence of Polish aggression, leading to Hitler’s invasion of Poland, signifying the official start of World War II. 
1954 – Operation Susannah was an Israeli effort to convince the British military to continue their military presence in the Suez Canal, in support of Israeli interests. Egyptian patsies were hired to detonate bombs in American and British civilian targets, then blamed on the Muslim Brotherhood. 
1962 –“In 1962 the US Joint Chiefs of Staff authored a document called Operation Northwoods calling for the US government to stage a series of fake attacks, including the shooting down of military or civilian US aircraft, the destruction of a US ship, sniper attacks in Washington, and other atrocities, to blame on the Cubans as an excuse for launching an invasion. President Kennedy refused to sign off on the plan and was killed in Dallas the next year.” [ Source ] 
1964 – A U.S. destroyer patrolling the Gulf of Tonkin was attacked by torpedoes, ostensibly by the North Vietnamese, thereby causing President Johnson the authorization of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, thus beginning U.S. military involvement in Vietnam. It is now known that no attack actually occurred and that the NSA was involved in fabricating this event. 
1967 –“In June 1967 the Israelis attacked the USS Liberty , a US Navy technical research ship, off the coast of Egypt. The ship was strafed relentlessly for hours in an apparent attempt to blame the attack on Egypt and draw the Americans into the Six Day War, but amazingly the crew managed to keep it afloat. In 2007 newly released NSA intercepts confirmed that the Israelis knew they were attacking an American ship, not an Egyptian ship as their cover story has maintained.” [ Source ] 
1999 – A series of devastating bombings on civilian apartment buildings in Russia were blamed on Chechen terrorists, although Russian FSB agents were later caught using the exact same type of bombs in what was publicly called a security exercise. 
2001 – The 9/11 attacks in New York and Washington were blamed on 19 Al Qaeda terrorists and immediately used the pretext for beginning the Global War on Terror , of which the political doctrine for this was already in place and in play. 15 years later , information about the true nature of the attacks is still surfacing, proving that the 9/11 Commission was a whitewash to help catalyze public support still ongoing wars which were planned prior to 9/11 . 
“Further, the process of transformation [of the military], even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event––like a new Pearl Harbor.” –[ Source ] 
Furthermore, other examples of historical significance demonstrate how minor or ambiguous events are seized on and deliberately used as propaganda to achieve the greater objective of drawing nations into war. 
1915 – The sinking of the British ocean liner The Lusitania off the coast of Ireland, which was carrying tons of war materials from America, was blamed on German u-boats, leading to a severe diplomatic row which brought the United States into World War I. Speculation remains as to what exactly happened to the Lusitania, however, the official explanation is highly suspicious , and the event was used to achieve the objectives of war financiers to broaden the conflict. 
1933 – A German parliamentary building in the Reichstag was set ablaze one month after Hitler’s election to the office of Chancellor. It is believed that three Bulgarian communists were to blame, however this is contentious among historians. The event was heavily propagandized by the Nazi party to galvanize support for war. 
One can also include in this list an ever-growing growing handful of European and American domestic terror attacks such as the London bombings of 2005 , and the Bataclan theatre massacre of Paris in 2015 . To further expand on the historical precedent of using false flag attacks to propel agendas of state aggression, many instances of assassination and military intervention into the politics of sovereign nations around the world in order create consent for militarism could be included. Final Thoughts 
As the U.S. continues to aid and support ISIS, Al-Nusra and other terrorist organizations in its ploy to overthrow the Assad government for the primary benefit of Israel, a false flag event signaling the beginning of a direct confrontation with Russia could come at any time. At present it looks as though the most likely scenario would be something along the lines of the USS Liberty attack, which would involve the deliberate targeting of our own forces while creating the perception of a Russian attack on U.S. or NATO components. 
The situation in Syria is ripe for exactly this kind of covert, subversive tactic. There is historical precedence to suggest that a Syrian false flag event is imminent, therefore people the world over must prepare to resist and to survive this. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
9049,"Just Weeks After Obama’s Executive Order on Catastrophic Space Weather Events, a Coronal Mass Ejection Is Set to Hit on Election Day?","By Melissa Dykes This has already been the craziest election in the history of the country, with the most overt corruption and fraud the American... ",0
9050,So Cute! Prince George Wore Necklace Of Human Ears For Halloween,"0 Add Comment 
2016 has been an eventful year for Prince George. From meeting the US president to his first day of nursery school, but none of these moments made him smile more than yesterday’s Halloween festivities, when he finally got to wear his favourite costume accessory – a necklace of human ears. 
“He has been asking us all year if he could wear them,” Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton told press reporters yesterday afternoon, “George really, really likes Halloween. It’s actually scary how much he likes the whole thing. Myself and William were woken up at 4am this morning to a dead bird at the end of our bed. He means well, and I’m sure he thought it was a nice present to give, but I’ll be glad when Halloween is over”. 
Little is known about the owners of the ears, but sources believe they were a present from his great granddad, Philip, and were originally gifted to the 95-year-old from a tribe of New Guinea cannibals in 1946. 
“George loves searching through great granddad’s old memorabilia,” Royal nanny Maria Cantwell explains, “When he found the necklace, his little eyes lit up. 
“They’re very close and he loves listening to Philip’s stories about the Nazis and the Bengal famine in India. They’re like the same person inside”. 
Later asked by reporters what he wants from Santa for Christmas, the little dote replied ‘Putin’, clapping manically and repeating the Russian president’s name, over and over again, before then chomping down on one of his ears. 
“He’s teething,” insisted the red faced Duchess as she quickly ushered him away.",0
9051,Leader of a Ku Klux Klan Group Is Found Dead in Missouri - The New York Times,"Frank Ancona, the professed leader of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, was shot and killed in Missouri last week in what officials called a “tragic and senseless act of violence. ” His wife and stepson were charged in his death on Monday. His body was found on a riverbank on Saturday with gunshot wounds to the head, according to the Washington County coroner, Brian DeClue, who called the death a homicide. In an interview, he said that Mr. Ancona, 51, was killed with “a shotgun of some sort. ” Jerrod Mahurin, the prosecutor in the case, said Mr. Ancona was also shot in the head with a   handgun. On Monday, Mr. Ancona’s wife, Malissa Ancona, 44, and stepson, Paul Jinkerson Jr. 24, were charged with a range of crimes in connection with the killing, including   murder and the abandonment of a corpse, according to the St. Francois County Sheriff’s Department. The sheriff said Mr. Ancona was killed at his home last Thursday, and his body was then left at a remote location. Mr. Mahurin said he believed the killing happened because of a marital dispute and was not connected to Mr. Ancona’s membership in the K. K. K. The Washington County Sheriff’s Office said that it learned of Mr. Ancona’s disappearance on Friday, shortly before his vehicle was discovered on land owned by the United States Forest Service. His body was found on the banks of the Big River in Belgrade, Mo. the next day by a family who had gone to fish. In an interview with The New York Times this month, Mr. Ancona said he had been a member of the Klan for more than 30 years. He formed the Traditionalist American Knights in 2009. There are at least 29 separate, rival Klan groups currently active in the United States, and they compete with one another for members, dues, news media attention and the title of being the true heir to the Ku Klux Klan, said Mark Potok, a researcher at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremism in the United States. Most recently, Mr. Ancona was accused by rival Klansmen of being secretly Jewish. “It is endless infighting,” Mr. Potok said. Mr. Ancona’s group was not considered the largest or the most influential iteration of the Klan, but he was skilled at attracting the spotlight. During the 2014 protests in Ferguson, Mo. after the police killing of Michael Brown, Mr. Ancona’s group passed out leaflets in the city, vowing to use “lethal force” against protesters. The fliers got him invited on MSNBC. Shortly after, Mr. Ancona explained his beliefs in an interview with a member of the hacker group Anonymous, which later claimed to have gained access to his group’s files and released his personal information. This year, the group also distributed fliers in several towns in Maine, far from its base in Park Hills, Mo. Mr. Ancona pointed to these operations as a sign of his group’s popularity and reach, but Mr. Potok said it had no more than a few dozen members in chapters in three states: Missouri, Idaho and Pennsylvania. Mr. Ancona promoted the Klan as a nonviolent fraternal organization for white Christian men, something akin to a   group that endorsed the separation of the races and opposed what he called “equality propaganda. ” “I don’t focus on the negative history,” Mr. Ancona said, adding that he did not understand why people were afraid of the Klan. “What Klansman do you ever see go out and see terrorize anyone?” But the group’s website and fliers contained a more violent message, including images of hooded Klansmen brandishing nooses, racist cartoons of   and the letters “KKK” engulfed in flames. In one picture, which appeared to be manipulated, Mr. Ancona stood before a burning cross. “They want to portray us as all toothless, redneck tobacco chewers,” Mr. Ancona said this month. “Some of us are! But some of us are college educated. I am a business owner,” he said. “We just believe in promoting traditional American values. ” Mr. Ancona dismissed the Klan’s violent history as the work of “a few bad apples” in another era. He said killings attributed to the group during the civil rights era were the work of government agents, like those who infiltrated civil rights groups at the time. “I’d say that operation cointelpro really never ended,” he said. In reality, the K. K. K. has killed scores of people since it was founded in 1865, the vast majority of them  . Many of the crimes believed to be committed by the Klan were not investigated, so the precise number of its victims may never be known. “Frank Ancona posed as the kinder, gentler Klansman, but he was really none of those things,” Mr. Potok said. “A lot of these characters seem like jokes  —   and some of them really are  —   but that doesn’t mean they’re not incredibly dangerous. ”",0
9052,Man fakes heart attack to avoid repeated ‘thanks’ to same person,"November 12, 2016 
A Romford man has admitted feigning a cardiac arrest in order to prevent a situation whereby he would have had to thank the same person up to five times for holding a series of doors open for him. 
Office worker, Dave Simmons, 35, explained that his workplace contains a number of long corridors, partitioned into sections by a series of five double-doors. 
“A guy I don’t really know got to the first door before me,” Explained the embarrassed HR assistant. “He noticed I was following so he held it open for me. I thanked him, and you’d think that was that. Well, not by a long chalk.” 
“When we got to the second door, we both realised what was going to unfold,” Said Simmons who had just been forcibly ejected from the local A&E department. “So he held the second door and I thanked him again.” 
“As etiquette requires, we both snorted a laugh and shook our heads but by this time we realised that a third door was coming up and we were both crippled with embarrassment – I mean, what’s the protocol here? I don’t know, that’s for sure.” 
“So after the third door I just laughed too loud and about halfway up the next bit of corridor I grabbed my chest, hit the deck and started making an alarming wheezing noise. I could tell we were both relieved.” 
The door-holder in question was an office temp who had only been working at the building for a few days and it was he who called the ambulance. 
“It’ll take me a while to get over this,” Said the minimum-wage earner. “It was so embarrassing, but thanks to Mr. Simmons’s quick thinking I’ll know what to do next time. Probably put it on my CV.” 
Simmons says the fact that he may face legal proceedings for misuse of the emergency services does not make him regret his actions. 
“I’d do it again in a heartbeat – no pun intended.” He said, clearly intending the pun. UniversalExile",0
9053,The Tales of Bodies and Blood That Surround a Front Line in Syria," The Tales of Bodies and Blood That Surround a Front Line in Syria By Robert Fisk
 The Independent "" - We arrived so soon after Jabhat al-Nusras retreat from the village that one man and his family had only just buried the remains of four Islamists at the bottom of their field. We found them at the back and they stank so much that we had to get rid of them, Mohamed Kenjo said. So we took the remains and put them under a covering of earth away from our home.
But the house he once shared with his wife and six children had been looted  everything, from the washing machine and the water tank, to cups and saucers and kettles  and the homes of Kenjos neighours lay in ruins, broken open by shells and rockets. This was the front line north of Hama, a city whose history lay in the blood of insurrection more than 34 years ago.
So close to the front line, in fact, that the fighter bombers were still howling over our heads to attack the Islamists  Ahrar al-Sham, Nusra, all the usual suspects  in the next village to the north-west. The Syrians say you can only see their jets, that the Russian fighter-bombers are so fast its impossible to catch them with the naked eye. You could make out the spray of anti-missile flares that the aircraft released, four or five bright stars that drifted through the imperial blue sky like fireworks.
But then, as the planes turned one after the other from their bombing runs, you could just see them as the sun caught their swept-back wings, daggering up into the heavens to the south before their bombs exploded with a loud, hollow sound like two giant wooden planks banging together on the ground. Amid the soldiers, sweating, tired, a general turned up, steel helmet over his eyes, marching briskly with his officers through the ruins. I wanted to know how many of the Nusra men had died.
Many, many, he replied. But when I asked how many of his Syrian soldiers had been killed in the broken, smashed village of Soran, his answer came without hesitation. We had 42 martyrs, he said bleakly. I didnt doubt the figure. And when soldiers tell the truth, it means they are winning. But thats a lot of men to lose for one dust-covered hamlet. The Syrian armys death toll in six years of war is a state secret. But Ive been given a reliable figure for the government armys fatalities in this terrible war: around 75,000. These are the dead, not the hundreds of thousands of wounded. Soldiers expect to die. They live by the sword.
Civilians on both sides are the innocents whose lives should be spared. Their mortality statistics come from all sides, including the United Nations. Is it 250,000 or 300,000 as the UN now states? Or 400,000 as the experts in faraway cities now claim? Whatever the figure, add another 75,000 to it.
The ruins of the village of Soran north of Hama (Nelofer Pazira)
The Nusra men and their allies had only captured this place two and a half months ago. House after house in what had been Soran had been blown apart. Some remained, their doors ajar, the bougainvillea still spilling over their concrete walls. But always, when I walked inside, there were cupboards torn open by the retreating Islamists, piles of childrens clothes and toys and clocks and family snapshots scattered across the floor. One picture showed a baby smiling from a cot, another a husband and wife surrounded by their children. The Islamists had probably been looking for money hidden in the cupboards. But why did the looters want a washing machine? Did they plan to lug this rubbish away in their retreat? What happened to those who lived here?
There was no doubt of the tragedy of one middle-aged man. He stood forlornly in the street beside a huge bomb crater surrounded by heavy, jagged pieces of steel casing that lay at his feet. I am a policeman in Hama, he said. My father stayed behind. He was an old man. And on the day they left, the killers murdered him. They shot him at the back of his home. And he led me into his fathers blackened house and pushed open the door to a small, darkened closet. We found him there, on the floor, he said.
Other Syrian villagers, returning now that the Islamists had fled, told similar stories, of missing women, of bodies in the wreckage. Highways seem to survive wars, as if history insists that the basic geography of a society should remain mapped out amid the ruins for a villages later reconstruction. So on the main road, those who had fled the invaders last August had turned up in pick-up trucks and old cars to see what remained of their homes, to collect what detritus was left.
In the neighbouring village of Maardes, I found a woman and her daughter  her name was Qamar, which means moon, and they had returned to a real moonscape. She and Qamar found part of a wardrobe and a mat carpet which they loaded pathetically onto a pick-up which a relative had brought up from Hama. In a different age, in 1982, the Muslim Brotherhood  a pale ghost compared to the Islamists of today  had staged a fearful insurrection in the city, put down with more than equal ferocity by Hafez al-Assads army all those years ago.
The statistics of those long dead civilians who had died in the governments reprisals are as slippery as todays death toll. Was it five or six thousand? Or 20,000 as we journalists claimed at the time?
Many of the ruins of Hamas old city were bulldozed away to make room for new apartment blocks and a luxury hotel. But a few ancient houses remain beside the ancient nouriah water wheels that still wail and creak away in this haunted city. Its Sunni Muslim citizens are quiet now. Maybe they have learned their terrible lesson. Or maybe the government learned to treat them with respect, leaving new generations with their new-found trade and wealth and schools. Today, its market packed with shoppers, it feels like a memory of the old, dubiously safe dictatorship that dominated Syria before this war; content, subdued, careful, aware  to use an old British wartime maxim  that careless talk costs lives. Brotherhood prisoners back in 1982 were later slaughtered in a prison massacre at Palmyra.
The Ibrahim mosque still displays a three-decade old shell hole in its minaret. But Nusra has not let the city forget its past. Less than a month ago, a suicide bomber set off a truck load of explosives outside the Baath party headquarters. One governor has been assassinated. Its a relief to drive north again to a wooded hillside whose burned trees and massive earth revetments show that it was an artillery position until a few days ago. Two 120mm guns stand on a parapet above the plain of Hama.
On top of the hill, there stands the almost untouched shrine of Ali Ibn Hussein al-Abdin, the fourth Imam who survived the seventh century battle of Kerbala, a Shiite holy place  the Alawi sect to which the al-Assads belong is Shia  and soldiers had arrived from the battlefront to pray and kiss the black marble shrine beneath its cupola of antiquity. A major later stood outside the courtyard and pointed to the horizon. You could see 30  perhaps 40  miles across the flat, featureless countryside where around 7,000 armed opponents of the Assad regime are still fighting to retake the lost villages and cut the desert military supply road to Aleppo. Are they all Nusra men? A few Isis members, no doubt. Perhaps they were the moderate rebels whom David Cameron, a former British prime minister seemingly invented.
And how long before the Syrian army could recapture all those lands which ran seventy miles to Aleppo and linked up to the Turkish border north of the city? The major looked across this vast expanse of territory. Then he pointed to the sky and opened his hands. The gesture said it all. Only God knows.",0
9054,Gingrich slut-shames Megyn Kelly,"OUT OF LEFT FIELD Gingrich slut-shames Megyn Kelly Adele M. Stan: Misogyny isn't just baked into the Trump brand, it is the Trump brand Published: 54 mins ago 
(American Prospect) — When, as a campaign surrogate and once-powerful white man, you answer allegations that your candidate may be a sexual predator with a sex-laced attack on your female interviewer, you’re probably a misogynist. A desperate misogynist. 
That’s what former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is looking like this morning. 
During a Tuesday discussion of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s sinking poll numbers, Gingrich accused Fox News Channel host Megyn Kelly of being “fascinated with sex” when she dared to mention that Trump’s fortunes began falling after the now infamous Access Hollywood video, featuring Trump boasting about his self-proclaimed prerogative to sexually assault women, became public on October 7, and nearly a dozen women came forward to allege that Trump had either assaulted them or otherwise taken liberties with their bodies.",0
9055,Physicists just found more hints of an elusive particle that’s its own antiparticle,"Matter and antimatter, simultaneously. By BEC Crew
Almost 80 years ago, an Italian physicist proposed that a particle could exist as both matter and antimatter at the same time. Called the Majorana fermion, this mysterious state of matter set off a decades-long hunt, with scientists finding the first real evidence of its existence earlier this year .
And now physicists in China have discovered that an elusive type of quasiparticle can behave just like a Majorana fermion, and it could help us to finally understand this incredibly weird phenomenon.
If you’re not familiar with the Majorana fermion , it was first proposed by Italian theoretical physicist Ettore Majorana in 1937. He predicted that a type of particle called a fermion could act as its own antiparticle.
In the standard model of physics, every particle has an antiparticle. These antiparticles are usually an entirely separate particle, with the same mass but opposite charge of their partner.
Even electrically neutral particles have antiparticles, such as the neutron, which is made of quarks, and the antineutron, which is made of antiquarks.
In very rare cases, a particle with no mass and no charge can act as its own antiparticle, and we’ve only identified a few examples of these so far – photons (light particles), hypothetical gravitons , and WIMPs .
Majorana fermions, if they exist, fall into this final category, and if we can find them and harness them, it would change everything about how we record and process information in the next generation of quantum computers.
“The search for this particle is for condensed-matter physicists what the Higgs boson search was for high-energy particle physicists,” physicist Leonid Rokhinson from Purdue University noted back in 2012 . “It is a very peculiar object because it is a fermion yet it is its own antiparticle with zero mass and zero charge.”
Unlike regular computers that use bits of 0 and 1, quantum computers use quantum bits that can exist in a state of 0, 1, or a superposition of both.
The problem with building a computer out of quantum bits (or qubits) is that it’s incredibly difficult to make a record of what state they previously held once they’ve been switched, and there’s no point having a computer that can’t retain information.
But physicists think Majorana fermions could be the key to solving all of that.
“Information could be stored not in the individual particles, but in their relative configuration, so that if one particle is pushed a little by a local force, it doesn’t matter,” said Rokhinson .
“As long as that local noise is not so strong that it alters the overall configuration of a group of particles, the information is retained. It offers an entirely new way of dealing with information.”
In April this year, a team from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee discovered the first real proof of the existence of Majorana fermions in something called a quasiparticle.
Unlike a regular particle, which is a physical object that makes up an atom, a quasiparticle is an entity that has some characteristics of a distinct particle, but is made up of a grouping of multiple particles instead. Finding a Majorana fermion quasiparticle is one thing, but the real goal is finding a Majorana fermion particle.
Fast-forward to now, and physicists from the Chinese Academy of Sciences say they’ve identified another type of quasiparticle that behaves just like a Majorana fermion, called Majorana zero modes (MZMs).
The team was able to synthesise these quasiparticles inside a quantum simulation, and manipulate them in ways that would work within a quantum computer system. Most significantly, they showed that they could retain information encoded in their Majorana zero modes, even when errors and ‘noise’ were applied to the system.
“[W]e demonstrate the immunity of quantum information encoded in the Majorana zero modes against local errors through the simulator,” they describe in their paper, published in Nature Communications. 
If the team’s simulation can be replicated in experimental conditions, it means we could have another candidate for Majorana fermion-like behaviours on our hands, and another shot at something to build the quantum computers of the future with.
In the meantime, here’s more on those elusive Majorana fermions:

Source: Science Alert 
",0
9056,French Police Arrest Man Acting Suspiciously During Easter Mass in Nice,PARIS (AP)  —   Police in the French Riviera city of Nice have arrested a man behaving strangely at an Easter Mass in a church not far from the promenade where a truck attack last year killed 86 people. [advertisement,0
9057,"In ‘Red’ and ‘Blue’ Israel, Separate Lives and Divergent Narratives - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   The two   headlines told very different stories about Secretary of State John Kerry’s lengthy address about Middle East peace. In the view of the    Jerusalem Post: “Kerry exits locked into failed assumptions. ” For the    Haaretz: “A very Zionist,   speech. ” As it turns out, the    phenomenon is not unique to the United States. In Israel, the reaction to the events of recent days, including Mr. Kerry’s speech castigating the government’s policies and a United Nations resolution condemning Israeli settlements, made it clear that Israelis are just as polarized as Americans. To borrow an analogy, there is a blue, or more   Israel that thought Mr. Kerry offered painful but necessary truths in the spirit of friendship that indicted the failed leadership of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. And there is a red, or more conservative, Israel that thought the secretary of state was delusional and insulting, divorced from the harsh reality of the only real democracy in the Middle East struggling to preserve itself in a hostile neighborhood. Just as in the United States, many Israelis cling to their own facts, retreat to their own media outlets, advance their own narratives, and basically just talk with people who think like they do. The result is a politics that is almost as internally divided as the relationship with Palestinians is externally. “Either you’re in my group or the other group, my team or the other team,” said Abraham Diskin, an emeritus associate professor at Hebrew University and longtime student of Israeli society. “It’s a universal phenomenon. Always the other team is to be blamed. ” The divide seems to have grown in recent years. At Shabbat dinners in more leftist homes, where many disapprove of the occupation of the West Bank and the construction of settlements, the talk sometimes turns to when it will all prove too much, when it might be time to finally leave Israel for the United States, Canada or Europe. In more rightist homes, frustration grows at Palestinian violence, at European haughtiness and now at what is seen as an American betrayal, all fueled by a suspicion that   lies at the core of these acts. A people split over issues so fundamental to their nation is one that has also turned away from a solution once pursued so adamantly. While a majority of Israelis still support the creation of a Palestinian state as part of a     solution, there is despair among many that it will ever happen  —   and plenty of disenchantment among others who now conclude that it should not. The idea of two states side by side was at the heart of the Oslo peace accords signed in the 1990s, and it was the core of the various agreements that President Obama and his two most recent predecessors, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, tried to broker. It was the centerpiece of deals offered by prime ministers like Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert, only to be rejected by Palestinian leaders, who had their own internal divisions to worry about. But now the idea has soured, like hummus left in the sun too long. Mr. Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian president, both still formally support the concept, but each defines it differently and neither seems to consider it realistic anytime soon. The election of   Donald J. Trump means there will no longer be a strong advocate for this approach in the White House. A survey last summer by the Israel Democracy Institute and the Palestinian Center for Polling and Survey Research pointed to the broader schism in Israeli society. Fully 88 percent of those on the left supported a hypothetical   agreement. But such a deal drew the support of just 10 percent on the right. It was backed by 59 percent in the political center. That disparity helps explain why Mr. Netanyahu has repeatedly failed to forge a coalition government with the opposition leader Yitzhak Herzog, chairman of the   Zionist Union. Israel had multiple   governments through the 1980s, but the prospect today seems remote. Instead, when Mr. Netanyahu needs to shore up his coalition, he tacks to the right, as he did this year by bringing in Avigdor Lieberman as defense minister. But it is easy to go overboard in this analysis, and to the extent there are different camps with different narratives, they are not necessarily equal or equivalent. Asher Cohen, a professor at   University who has specialized in Israeli culture, noted that there was a large political center in Israel, its size increasing at the expense of the shrinking left. And some of Mr. Kerry’s points, especially making East Jerusalem the capital of a Palestinian state, rankle Israelis across ideological lines, he said. “Even if Kerry’s remarks were close to their own views, centrists and leftists did not appreciate the   of the speech and the asymmetry in the blame assigned to Israel and to the Palestinians,” Mr. Cohen said. Still, Israel is undergoing significant demographic changes that are fraying the idea of a common Israeli identity. Jerusalem feels increasingly religious and traditional, quiet during Shabbat when stores and businesses close each week, while Tel Aviv is a bustling, sophisticated center of   nightclubs, art galleries and  . Different sectors in Israeli society have their own neighborhoods, their own community centers, even their own newspapers. There are also separate school systems, one for each of the major sectors. “Israel is increasingly polarized into different groups that have little to do with one another, despite its tight geography,” said Robert Danin, a former State Department official who worked on Middle East issues. President Reuven Rivlin highlighted the changing Israeli society in a speech last year. Many Israelis, he said, still think of their country as consisting of a large secular Zionist majority with three minority groups: Arabs,   Jews and a national religious community more akin to Modern Orthodox in American terms. But today, he noted, “the reality has totally changed. ” He noted that about 38 percent of   classes in Israel were secular Jews while about a quarter were Arabs, close to a quarter were   and about 15 percent were national religious. “The demographic processes that are restructuring or redesigning the shape of Israeli society have, in fact, created a new Israeli order  —   a reality in which there is no longer a clear majority, nor clear minority groups,” Mr. Rivlin said, just “tribes,” as he called them. A study by the Pew Research Center this year showed that Israeli Jews live within their own separate worlds. Most secular Israeli Jews thought democratic principles should take precedence over Jewish law on questions like marriage, while most   Jews thought the other way around. Roughly a third of those surveyed thought settlements hurt Israeli security, another third thought they helped and the rest said they made no difference. Amid this division is an uncertain future. Mr. Rivlin has urged bridging the gaps and bringing Israelis together. That did not happen in 2016. So when Mr. Rivlin offered his annual New Year’s message on Thursday, his optimism was tempered. He hoped 2017 would be known as the “year of mutual respect. ”",0
9058,Rand Paul: Trump Has Been Sold a ‘Bill of Goods’ on Ryan Health Care Bill - Breitbart,"Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said President Donald Trump has been “fed a bill of goods” by House leadership on the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare.  Paul said, “You know, I think that he has been told things by House leadership that frankly just are not accurate. He’s been told this is the only vehicle, and Paul Ryan’s been saying it for weeks, ‘it’s a binary choice, you either take it, it’s my way or the highway,’ I think he’s been fed a bill of goods on this thing, and I do believe that there’s something that could pass, that actually would bring down insurance costs, but this bill doesn’t do it. I’ve fought against Obamacare for six years, I am a physician and I want to repeal it, but I don’t want to repeal it and replace it with something that just as bad or doesn’t work. (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
9059,Finding Common Ground in Interfaith Marriage - The New York Times,"When Dan Diamond was 12, his mother gave him a book titled “It All Begins With a Date: Jewish Concerns About Intermarriage. ” At the time, it seemed a bizarre gift for someone so young, but its aim was clear. Mr. Diamond was expected to marry a Jewish woman one day and raise Jewish children, a view his mother later reinforced, he said, by asking the religion of every girl he dated. Then, in November 2012, Mr. Diamond, a psychotherapist, met Ashley Mask, a doctoral student researching art museum education. At that time, Ms. Mask had started to reconnect with her Presbyterian upbringing. But after falling in love with Mr. Diamond, she agreed, should they marry, to raise their future children as Jewish. “I had this naïve sense that since we had the same creation story, it wouldn’t be hard,” said Ms. Mask, 38. But it was. As the relationship progressed, she feared abandoning important holiday traditions. At synagogue services, she said, she felt lost. She worried she would always be an outsider. Interfaith couples represent a swiftly rising demographic. Before 1960, only 19 percent of American married couples were of two different religions, according to a 2015 study by the Pew Research Center. Today, it’s nearly 40 percent. As a result, there are a number of new programs providing support to these couples. Given that a 2013 Pew study reported that since 2000, 72 percent of   Jews have married outside their faith, it is not surprising that many of the resources are sponsored by Jewish organizations. “There’s a deep fear in the Jewish community about losing Jews, about assimilation,” Mr. Diamond said. He and Ms. Mask chose to work through some of their issues by signing on with Honeymoon Israel, an organization in Buffalo that offers interfaith partners, including gay and lesbian couples, subsidized   trips to Israel. The trips cost $1, 800 a couple  —   or about 20 percent of the total cost  —   with the remainder picked up by a Jewish family foundation in Boston (which prefers to be unnamed) as well as by Jewish organizations in the cities where Honeymoon Israel operates. Once in Israel, the couples, who are organized into groups of 20, are encouraged to explore Jewish culture and religion. They stay in upscale hotels, lounge by the Mediterranean and visit Jewish, Christian and Muslim historic sites. They also bond with their fellow travelers, other committed couples also struggling to figure out what role religion should play in their marriages, their homes and in the lives of their future children. “The train has left the station,” said Avi Rubel, a founder of Honeymoon Israel, which expects to send 360 couples this year. Mr. Rubel said the program has no political or religious agenda. “We don’t care what you believe in,” he said. “You married into our family, so you’re in our family. We want couples to explore the issues on their own terms. We’re not trying to dictate how anybody feels about being Jewish or about Israel. ” Ms. Mask and Mr. Diamond went to Israel in February, three months after their wedding, with the first group organized out of New York City. Ms. Mask was especially relieved to meet so many other Christians in her situation. “It helped address this fear that I will lose part of my identity,” she said. For Mr. Diamond, the trip “was all about an   to the idea that there are many kinds of Jewish families,” he said. “That’s not something I’ve been exposed to most of my life: a celebration instead of a grudging acceptance. ” Seth Preminger, 31, and Tracy Lyons, 30, each assumed they would marry within their own faiths. Dr. Preminger, a child and adolescent psychologist in Chicago who was raised Jewish, and Dr. Lyons, a pediatrician in Chicago who was raised Catholic, met in July 2011. “As a little girl, the only thing I’d ever planned for my wedding was what church I’d get married in and what church music I’d have,” Dr. Lyons said. Neither realized how stressful planning an interfaith wedding would be. The Catholic clergyman who agreed to be an officiant wanted to marry them in a church, but that made Dr. Preminger uncomfortable. It was difficult to find a rabbi willing to be part of a joint ceremony. After much searching with Google, they found the Interfaith Family School in Chicago, run by Catholics and Jews. The school, which offers a     curriculum for children whose families consider themselves “both,” and which also has a couple’s counseling group, invited Dr. Lyons and Dr. Preminger to attend a student presentation. “It was really exciting for us to hear these kids talk about growing up in an environment that supports both faiths, especially as we were planning our wedding,” Dr. Lyons said. “They help you explain the different traditions to extended family. ” Dr. Preminger said their wedding in May 2015 at the Kenmare Loft, a former factory in Chicago, raised a few eyebrows, but everyone eventually came around. Another organization, InterfaithFamily, which is overseen by rabbis, demonstrates the ripple effect of this new attitude. The nonprofit started as a website, interfaithfamily. com, to help couples plan interfaith weddings and find rabbis willing to jointly officiate ceremonies. Within the last five years, the organization has opened offices in eight cities, where the group hosts couples discussion groups, religious services and social events. “Couples need safe spaces to be with others just like them,” said Rabbi Ari Moffic, who heads the Chicago branch. “If you Google ‘interfaith marriage,’ you’ll still find negative headlines. ” “The American Jewish community sees this as a public concern for Jews at large,” said Helen Kim, an associate professor of sociology at Whitman College in Walla Walla, Wash. “They want to mobilize the larger community. ” Dr. Kim is a     who was raised without religion and adopted Judaism after marrying Noah Leavitt, an associate dean at Whitman. The couple recently wrote a book, “JewAsian: Race, Religion, and Identity for America’s Newest Jews. ” There are no hard statistics, but Dr. Kim, who said she has noticed a rise in   marriages, has also found that Asians in the United States, who are mostly Christian, aren’t concerned about “dilution of the population” the way Jews are. On balance, there are fewer resources for couples seeking a more equitable arrangement. Many organizations “say they’re friends of interfaith, but they have a tiny asterisk that says, ‘We want you to have a Jewish home,’” said Eileen O’Farrell Smith, the founder and director of the Interfaith Union, which holds workshops for   and   couples in Chicago. In New York, a group called Interfaith Community runs couples workshops, private counseling sessions and an elementary school curriculum that teaches the fundamentals of Judaism and Christianity for interfaith families. “In this multicultural, global, diverse world, where people are bringing many differences into a family, the old   War II paradigm, where you married the boy next door and everyone went to the same church, has completely changed,” said Sheila Gordon, the group’s president. Some 100 children are enrolled in Interfaith Community’s educational programs, Dr. Gordon said, but the number of couples in the premarital workshops has declined, even as the percentage of interfaith marriages has increased. At least for younger couples, “the millennial ethos of fairness and respect means they don’t feel threatened by entering into this kind of partnership,” she said. So these couples do not think workshops are necessary. And yet, such programs can be vital for some couples, who do face challenges in joining different faiths. “It helps to know other people in the same boat,” said Kamran Khan, a Muslim who joined Ms. O’Farrell Smith’s group with his Christian fiancée, Corinne Atty. Their wedding, planned for September in Chicago, has caused a rift, with Mr. Khan’s parents disapproving of his relationship and refusing to talk about it or to attend the wedding. But Mr. Khan wants to discuss the difficult questions with Ms. Atty now, “instead of seven years from now,” he said. Being a part of the   group at Interfaith Union, he added, has given him a sense of pride about creating a different kind of family. “We can blaze a trail for others,” Mr. Khan said. “We’re at the forefront of something. ”",0
9060,"Ground Breaking Discovery: Amazing News NASA About Pluto, “This World Is Alive!”","NASA have left members of the public scratching their heads after claiming that they were about to make an imminent ‘amazing’ announcement regarding their New Horizons mission to the tiny ice planet of Pluto, before promptly denying that they had ever intended to make an announcement at all. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Only around 10% of all available data gathered together by the New Horizons mission has been processed by NASA so far. However, what they had found in this relatively short space of time was enough for Dr. Alan Stern, a senior scientist leading the New Horizons mission, to publicly express his excitement at what they had discovered.
He claimed that NASA had news for the public that would amaze them and described the micro planet as being ‘alive’. He said that NASA had forbidden him from speaking publicly about the so-called ‘news’ before they made their official press conference but he did tell an audience assembled for a university lecture that Pluto.
Scroll Down For Video Below! Has weather, it has hazes in the atmosphere, active geology. Every week, I am floored. The world is alive.
The cryptic nature of Dr. Stern’s speech on what the New Horizons mission had discovered had led some to eagerly anticipate the expected announcement. There was great speculation about what NASA was about to announce, with some believing that they might have even discovered life in the smallest planet in this solar system.
However, to their immense disappointment, NASA have now released a tweet on their official New Horizons account saying that there will be no announcement. They claimed that the story of a conference was nothing more than a false rumour and that Dr. Stern’s had been totally misinterpreted. This is despite the fact that Dr. Stern explicitly said that NASA would be making an amazing announcement, which leaves little room for interpretation mistakes.
Now, people are beginning to wonder what the space agency are trying to hide from the general public.
",0
9061,"Released Illegal Immigrant Accused of Raping, Murdering New Orleans Mother - Breitbart","NEW ORLEANS  —   An illegal immigrant once in federal custody but was released is now accused of raping and murdering a New Orleans mother in her home. [Irwin   a    illegal immigrant from Honduras, is facing   murder charges after he allegedly raped, strangled, and stabbed Nancy Yahaira Gonzalez Rodriguez to death, according to  .  Before 2015,   was arrested by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency in Texas for being in the U. S. illegally. However,  ’s case was dismissed. Then, in April 2015,   was arrested by the New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) and charged with allegedly kidnapping, raping, and strangling a woman. The charges against   though, were later dropped because of inconsistencies in the statements by the alleged victim, according to the district attorney. In that case,   was allegedly friends with the victim when he entered her home. After speaking for about 30 minutes,   said he was going to use the bathroom, but when he came back, he had a knife and forced the victim into a bedroom where he allegedly raped and strangled her. Now,   is accused of murdering Gonzalez Rodriguez, whom police say he raped, strangled, and stabbed more than 20 times. When the victim was found, her    son was sitting next to her crying. Under ICE’s newest enforcement policies in accordance with Trump administration’s crackdown, the agency places a ‘detainer’ on any illegal immigrant who is arrested by authorities. The detainer alerts local and state police that the arrested suspect is an illegal immigrant and must be turned over to ICE before being released from custody. But, in 2015, under the Obama administration’s lax enforcement of immigration, ICE only placed detainers on illegal immigrants who were convicted of a crime. This, according to ICE, is why there was no alert to the NOPD back in 2015 that   was an illegal immigrant when he was arrested and charged for the rape and strangulation of his alleged previous victim. ICE does have a detainer on   now. If for any reason the illegal immigrant is let out of New Orleans officials’ custody, he will be handed over to ICE for deportation. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
9062,Election 2016: A Political System In Crisis,"Share This: BY NILE BOWIE T he outcome of strangest and most consequential election cycle in recent American history will soon be upon us. Regardless of who becomes the next president, this election will forever be synonymous with the rogue candidacy of Donald Trump and the demographic shifts that have emboldened the right. Though it may be a close election, it is widely presumed that public antipathy towards Trump – the first major party candidate who is near-universally opposed by both major parties – will tilt the odds in Hillary Clinton’s favour. Nonetheless, Trump’s support base of primarily white, blue-collar Americans will be a major factor for the political establishment to contend with in the years ahead. These voters are frustrated by their economic marginalisation wrought by neoliberal trade deals and economic policies and are contemptuous of traditional political elite, their internationalism and liberal identity politics. For these voters, fear of immigration is entwined with the precarity of being working class, their troubling prejudices notwithstanding. Economic disempowerment and political disenfranchisement have accelerated under President Obama, to the detriment of the American middle class. White, blue-collar Americans have witnessed the offshoring of their jobs and the erosion of their status in society, and Trump has masterfully stroked their resentment and discontent by playing on their fears of Muslims, immigrants and minorities. Trump’s views often contain unusual contradictions and seem to be delivered impromptu. What remains consistent are his authoritarian views on crime and justice, vows to close the borders to refugees, Muslims and economic migrants, scepticism of overseas ‘democracy promotion’ and America’s role in international alliances, foreign policy views both isolationist and belligerent and of course, his distinctive megalomaniacal hubris. Trump’s real problem with the Washington establishment is that he isn’t part of it. His campaign represents an insurgent faction of the oligarchical class that aims to displace and replace the standing political elites. Bipartisan opposition to Trump is grounded in the belief that he would be an unreliable proxy and a liability, someone too narrow and unpredictable to manage the common affairs of the ruling class and the US deep state. Moreover, the US establishment is not interested in being led by such a contentious figure, who would draw protest and public opposition in a way that more conventional establishment candidates largely do not. For example, Trump’s rhetoric on immigration seems to engender more public outrage than the immigration policy under Obama, who has deported more people than any other president in history. That being said, Hillary Clinton is a more dangerous candidate in many ways. Trump understands that the political system is rigged and the economy is oriented to serve various elite interests, a message that resonates across the political spectrum, even with anti-Trump segments of the electorate. As a hated political outsider not tied directly into the power and the money structure of the political system, there would be no shortage of gridlock and checks on the authority wielded by Trump in the unlikely event that he becomes president. By contrast, Clinton wields enormous political influence inside the corridors of political and corporate power through personal relationships and connections. Policy and legislation shaped by donor money, lobbyist groups and special interests have been a hallmark of the Clintons’ time in public office. The very fact that she is standing for office while being investigated by the FBI, having committed actions that would have ended the careers of other politicians and government employees, speaks for itself. It has been reported by various sources that the FBI’s recent decision to reopen the investigation into the Clinton email scandal less than two weeks before election day has been motivated by an internal backlash within the agency’s rank and file, forcing FBI director James Comey’s hand as a means of addressing internal critics who believe he buried the Clinton probe for political reasons. Clinton’s email scandal is not the real issue. She has spent her political career ruthlessly advancing the interests of high finance, the military industrial complex and corporate America, with dramatic repercussions for minorities and the marginalised inside the United States, and the civilian populations of countries targeted for US military intervention and destabilization during the her time as an influential first lady, senator and secretary of state. Clinton has spent her long career advocating hawkish US military supremacy and banking deregulation, expanding the private prison industry to the detriment of impoverished African-American communities, dismantling the social safety net that marginalised families rely on, and enabling the consolidation of corporate power through secretive trade agreements. On the campaign trail, she has characterised her work as advancing the interests of women and families. Rather than addressing the political substance of revelations uncovered by WikiLeaks, the Clinton campaign, backed by Obama administration officials, has reverted to neo-McCarthyism by labelling opposition voices as surrogates of Russia, explicitly accusing Moscow of meddling in the US election process. The Clinton campaign has repeatedly evoked the historic struggle for civil rights and aspirational rhetoric of ‘breaking glass ceilings’ in the interest of a faux-feminism which prioritizes the equal opportunities of women to lead the nation’s highest office, while at once tone-deaf to the consequences faced by women and families on the receiving end of executive policies. The Democratic Party has become a parody of moral posturing, self-relishing its candidates with rhetoric that has no connection with policies in reality. It is the party of establishment insiders and corporate donors who openly engineer the presidential nomination process to favour their preferred candidate by virtue of the undemocratic super-delegate system. Bernie Sanders, whose campaign inspired millions of Americans for good reason, has proven himself to be tepid and cowardly in the face of practices that have proven beyond doubt that the Democratic Party establishment conspired against him. Bernie’s campaign centred around a rather modest, comparatively tame centre-left progressive platform that did not seriously question US militarism and the values of American exceptionalism. For the Democratic Party at large, the Sanders campaign represented a concession too far. The Clinton campaign even had the impudence to directly hire disgraced Democratic chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz after leaked emails exposed her partisanship. Rather than addressing the political substance of revelations uncovered by WikiLeaks, the Clinton campaign, backed by Obama administration officials, has reverted to neo-McCarthyism by labelling opposition voices as surrogates of Russia, explicitly accusing Moscow of meddling in the US election process. Accusations of Russian interference without accompanying evidence are at best a short-sighted means of deflecting responsibility for the corrupt actions of the Clinton campaign and Democratic Party insiders. The next American president will have to confront the realities of strained relations with Russia. Clinton is known for her public enmity toward Russian President Vladimir Putin and would at best perpetuate the status quo of mutual distrust and limited cooperation. At worst, her policies could risk a military confrontation with Russia should she pursue the establishment of a no-fly zone over Syrian airspace, which she publically advocated during the presidential debates. Trump is the most prominent American political figure to advocate détente with Russia, openly breaking with his neoconservative running mate Mike Pence. Trump has criticised Clinton for supporting anti-government insurgents in Syria and called for jointly targeting ISIS with the Russian, and by extension, Syrian militaries. Trump, being very critical of Iran, also signalled he was willing to fight against ISIS on the same side as Tehran. He has also offered support for the establishment of a safe zone inside Syrian territory, potentially in cooperation with the Syrian government and its allies. Both candidates would pursue a different policy approach from the incumbent administration in Syria, but Clinton’s no-fly zone holds greater potential to deepen military hostilities between major powers. Clinton has generally been critical of Obama’s foreign policy in Syria and elsewhere for not asserting US power strongly enough. Despite the differences in style and demeanour, the range of policies offered by the entrenched two-party system is limited to varying shades of centre- to far-right. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the least trusted and most unpopular presidential candidates in modern history. Despite the public disillusionment with major party candidates, it remains to be seen whether American voters will cast ballots for third parties such as the Libertarian Party or Green Party, which are seeking to garner 5 percent of the popular vote to become eligible to receive public campaign funding. More likely than not, American voters will cast their ballots ‘against’ Trump by voting for Clinton and vice versa, fueling the cyclical politics of the lesser evil that have been a feature of American presidential elections for decades. More than any other US election in recent history, the candidates represent the rot of an American political establishment marred by scandal, hypocrisy and the relentless pursuit of hegemony. To advocate one over the other is ultimately defeatist. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR Nile Bowie is a columnist with Russia Today (RT) and a research assistant with the International Movement for a Just World (JUST), an NGO based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
9063,Is China Pushing Trump to Talk to North Korea? - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   For years, the United States and others have pressed China’s leaders to suspend imports of coal from North Korea to push the reclusive state to abandon its nuclear weapons program. For years, the Chinese leadership resisted  —   until Saturday, when it suddenly announced in a terse statement that it would do just that. But if Beijing was sending a message to North Korea, it was also directing one at President Trump, who has complained that China was not putting enough pressure on North Korea. Now President Xi Jinping of China has essentially said: We have done our part in enforcing sanctions. Over to you, Mr. Trump. The challenge comes at a tantalizing moment. For weeks now, plans have been afoot for a North Korean government delegation to meet in New York in early March with a group of former United States officials who have long been involved in North Korea policy. Will the Trump administration issue visas to the North Koreans, a move that would suggest the new president is interested at least in hearing from Pyongyang through informal channels? There have been indications that Mr. Trump was willing to take a quite different tack from President Barack Obama. During his campaign, Mr. Trump said he was interested in sharing a hamburger with the    leader of North Korea, Kim  . He seemed to suggest he had a smidgen of respect for, or at least curiosity about, the maverick leader, the most recent incarnation of a longstanding dynasty. Mr. Trump’s response to the recent North Korean missile test was restrained, perhaps the result of Mr. Obama’s warning after the November election that North Korea would be the incoming president’s most dangerous foreign policy challenge. “If the visas are issued, it will be a clear message that the Trump administration is prepared to go the extra mile and engage North Korea,” said Evans J. R. Revere, a former principal deputy assistant secretary of state. There should be little expectation, he warned, of any policy shift by the North, which has shown every indication of wanting to continue building its nuclear program. The planned meeting, sponsored by the National Committee on American Foreign Policy, headed by Donald S. Zagoria, falls far short of talks between the two governments and has been designed as an initial sounding board. “I have been organizing such meetings with the North Koreans since 2003, and our goal is to increase mutual understanding as well as to encourage the kind of frank dialogue that may not be possible in official talks,” Mr. Zagoria said. The gathering would be the first of its type in New York in five years because the Obama administration opposed holding even informal talks on American soil given North Korea’s expansion of its nuclear weapons program. That North Korea is holding two Americans hostage was another impediment. Meetings with North Korean officials arranged by Mr. Zagoria and other groups were held in world capitals during the Obama era, including Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and Berlin last year. The decision whether to allow the meeting to proceed in New York is now freighted with more than the usual complications. Over the last 10 days, North Korea has shown its full colors. First, the regime flaunted its expanding nuclear capabilities with the test of an   ballistic missile that uses a   technology that will make it easier for the country to hide its arsenal. Then, last week, Kim   the half brother of the North Korean leader, was assassinated in Malaysia in a crowded passenger terminal at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The South Korean government has publicly accused North Korea of the killing, and six North Koreans have been linked to the plot. Without these two incidents, the Trump administration could have won praise for breaking the logjam with North Korea by allowing the New York meeting to go ahead, said a former participant in such meetings who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic. But the assassination of Kim   would allow opponents of North Korean engagement to charge that granting visas only rewarded bad behavior, the person said. Soon after the killing, Republican and Democratic members of Congress called for the United States to return North Korea to its blacklist of states that sponsor terrorism, from which it was removed nine years ago. The Trump administration faces another, perhaps more profound, decision on how to handle North Korea. Annual joint military exercises, set for March between South Korea and the United States, are expected to involve an American aircraft carrier, advanced stealth fighters,   and   bombers and a nuclear submarine, according to South Korean news reports. This annual show of force, not far from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea and off the Korean coast, has traditionally been viewed by North Korea as an American preparation for an attack against its forces. With the heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula, and   Korean relations at a low point, the risk of a strong response by the North to the exercises  —   through the launch of missiles or a nuclear test  —   is higher than usual, said Peter Hayes, the executive director of the Nautilus Institute for Security and Sustainability in Berkeley, Calif. Last year, for example, the North conducted  its fifth nuclear test during joint   Korean military exercises. “We are likely entering a new and extremely dangerous phase of the Korean conflict,” Mr. Hayes said. He suggested ramping down the exercises to “avoid inadvertent clashes and escalation to nuclear war, and to probe North Korean intentions. ” China would like the Trump administration to deal directly with North Korea. Beijing’s suspension of coal imports from North Korea was a signal that China was being tougher than usual, offering Mr. Trump a concession to bring Washington to the table with the North. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has stepped up his contacts with Chinese officials in recent days. On Tuesday he spoke by telephone with Yang Jiechi, China’s top diplomat, and among the topics they discussed was how to handle North Korea. But how much impact a suspension of coal imports would have on the rudimentary and seemingly resilient North Korean economy was far from clear. The Foreign Ministry insisted Tuesday that the suspension of coal imports was a bureaucratic procedure. In the first six weeks of 2017 China had already imported almost all its annual quota of coal allowed under the United Nations sanctions, the ministry said. Zhang Liangui, an expert on North Korea at the Central Party School of the Communist Party, said he was not optimistic that any talks with North Korea, formal or informal, would result in a diminishing of the North’s nuclear capabilities. “North Korea has said more than 50 times that it will not participate in any talks that have denuclearization on the agenda,” he said. “I don’t think President Trump could pull this off and talk the Koreans out of it. ”",0
9064,Eight U.S. Airlines Win Tentative Approval to Fly to Havana - The New York Times,"A fiercely contested battle among United States airlines to be the first to schedule flights to Havana, Cuba’s capital, in more than 50 years is coming to a close. Eight carriers  —   most with flights departing from the Miami and New York metropolitan areas  —   received tentative approval from the Transportation Department on Thursday to operate direct flights to José Martí International Airport in Havana. Twelve airlines had submitted requests for a combination of 60 flights a day, but only 20 daily routes were available under an arrangement between the governments. The decision was made a year after the United States and Cuba   diplomatic relations. The United States Department of Transportation announced last month that it had approved routes to nine other Cuban cities, but it delayed authorizing the Havana routes because of competition among the major airlines. The department awarded the routes to serve markets with substantial   populations and crucial aviation hub cities. Among the winners was American Airlines, which will operate five direct flights to Havana, four flights from Miami and one from Charlotte, N. C. American, which was approved for more flights than any other airline, had operated charter flights to Cuba for 25 years. “American has a rich history in the Cuban market, and we are excited to continue to be the leader in providing air service between the United States and Cuba,” Andrew Nocella, American’s chief marketing officer, said in a statement. Alaska Airlines is the only carrier that will fly to Havana directly from the West Coast. It will operate a   flight from Los Angeles. While American tourism to Cuba is still technically prohibited, the federal government in March relaxed travel restrictions to allow “people to people” educational trips without special permission from the government. Those trips must fall under one of 12 categories, like visiting family members or for humanitarian projects. About 3. 5 million people worldwide visited Cuba last year, according to state news media, and the number is expected to increase sharply as scheduled flights from the United States resume for the first time in 50 years. At the same time, Cuba’s private and state businesses are straining to accommodate the influx of travelers. “Where are all of these people going to stay?” said John S. Kavulich, president of the U. S.  Trade and Economic Council. “Cuba won’t have the hotel rooms for these people. The interest may be there, but the ability to provide them with rooms won’t be. ” Six direct flights will be offered from Miami each day, and three flights from the New York metropolitan area. Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways will each offer a daily flight from Kennedy International Airport, and United won a route from Newark Liberty International Airport. Other flights originate from Fort Lauderdale and Tampa, Fla. and Atlanta and Houston. Spirit Airlines and Southwest Airlines also won routes. Applications from four small airlines, Silver Airways, Dynamic International Airways, Eastern Air Lines and Sun Country Airlines, were not approved. “There will be comments and there will be appeals,” Mr. Kavulich said. “It’s likely there will be adjustments to the routes. ” The airlines and other stakeholders have until July 22 to submit formal objections to the routes, and the Transportation Department plans to complete its decisions this summer. The first flights are expected to take off as early as September.",0
9065,Democrat Party the ‘Handmaid’ of the Abortion Industry - Breitbart,"At Planned Parenthood’s centennial gala this week, Hillary Clinton cited feminist novel The Handmaid’s Tale to urge supporters of the abortion chain not to relinquish the right to abortion, but  —   as it turns out  —   the Democrat Party has succumbed and abandoned many of its principles to become the “handmaid” of the abortion industry. [Planned Parenthood awarded the former Democratic Party presidential nominee its “champion of the century” award in New York City Tuesday evening as the organization held yet another celebration of its centennial anniversary.  The Hollywood Reporter noted that, in her remarks at the event, Clinton cited Margaret Atwood’s 1985 dystopian feminist novel, The Handmaid’s Tale. A new television production of the novel  —   about a totalitarian theocracy that forces women to procreate  —   can be seen courtesy of Hulu. “To paraphrase Margaret Atwood, ‘We can never let them grind us down,’” Clinton said. “In The Handmaid’s Tale, women’s rights are gradually, slowly stripped away. As one character says, ‘We didn’t look up from our phones until it was too late. ’” “It is not too late for us,” Clinton added. “But we have to encourage the millions of women and men who support Planned Parenthood to keep fighting. ” Democratic National Committee (DNC) chairman Tom Perez also recently announced that his party’s commitment to abortion is “not negotiable,” and that the Democrat Party would exclude   candidates for office. Perez’s autocratic remarks came after abortion lobbying group NARAL   America slammed the DNC for its embrace of Heath Mello, an Omaha mayoral Democratic candidate who had previously voted as a state lawmaker with his   conscience. “The actions today by the DNC to embrace and support a candidate for office who will strip women  —   one of the most critical constituencies for the party  —   of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing, it is politically stupid,” fumed NARAL’s president, Ilyse Hogue. In the wake of Perez’s comments, many Democrats have attempted to correct the optic of their party’s subservience to the abortion industry. While the party has attempted to portray itself as built upon morally upright virtues  —   such as diversity and inclusiveness  —   Perez’s statement clearly indicates the opposite. Democrats are now “newly divided   …     as they attempt to decide who they will welcome, and who they will exclude, amid soul searching over how the party should rebuild after its 2016 loss,” observes Clare Foran at the Atlantic, who interviewed   Democrats such as Sens. Claire McCaskill (MO) and Joe Donnelly (IN) who objected to Perez’s exclusion of   candidates. In a column at Jesuit magazine America, Robert David Sullivan also observed, “Abortion is proving that the Democratic Party can outdo Republicans in  . ” The author continued: Abortion is now the single issue defining the Democrats, and Ilyse Hogue, the president of NARAL   America, is the de facto head of the party. This gives the Republicans a major advantage in holding off electoral losses if the Trump administration continues to founder. Realizing the potential threat of a divide in a party that is already struggling,   individuals such as Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards are attempting to smooth over the perhaps harsh reality that the abortion industry is running the Democratic Party. Richards appeared with MSNBC’s Nicolle Wallace this week, reports Newsbusters’ Katie Yoder. “Is it difficult right now to be a   Democrat?” Wallace asked Richards. “Do you guys make it difficult?” “Oh, I don’t think so,” she replied. “Abortion is one of these issues that it is  —   I think shouldn’t be politicized. ” Yoder notes, of course, that Planned Parenthood donated $38 million to Clinton’s campaign. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi  —   known for simultaneously touting her Catholic faith and her   views  —   also tried to soften Perez’s dictum that all Democrats must promote abortion. “This is the Democratic Party. This is not a   party,” she told the Washington Post, in response to a question about Perez’s exclusive statement. Pelosi, however, also acknowledged her doubt whether, at this point in time, a true   candidate could ever win a Democratic presidential primary. She suggested, in fact,  Democrats lost in the 2016 election races because their   positions on social issues did not appeal to average Americans who ended up voting for Donald Trump. “You know what? That’s why Donald Trump is president of the United States  —   the evangelicals and the Catholics,   equality,  . That’s how he got to be president,” she said. “Everything was trumped, literally and figuratively by that. ” The Post’s Karen Tumulty, however, reports Pelosi’s comment again drew the wrath of NARAL’s Hogue. “Encouraging and supporting   candidates leads to bad policy outcomes that violate women’s rights and endanger our economic security,” Hogue reportedly said in an email. Stephanie Schriock, the president of Democrat super PAC EMILY’s List, also reasserted the importance of abortion as a major issue for Democrats at her abortion lobbying group’s gala event this week. “They want us arguing about whether we’re a party focused on elevating diverse voices or a party focused on appealing to the white working class,” Schriock said, reports Roll Call. “And, from what I can tell, a lot of people in the Democratic Party are happy to have that argument. Well, I’m not one of them. ” “I don’t buy the argument that Democrats have to decide whether we’re a party of   white men in rural America or a party of   women in the big cities, a party of immigrants or a party of feminists,” Schriock said. “Democrats should be the party of working people. But we shouldn’t make the mistake of equating ‘working people’ with ‘white men. ’” At the Planned Parenthood event, Clinton  —   using the common euphemism “reproductive health care”  —   said about abortion, “[A]nyone who wants to lead should also understand that fundamentally, this is an issue of morality. ” The abortion industry appears to have succeeded at turning its “handmaid,” the former party of the “working class,” into one whose most cherished goal is ensuring women can end their pregnancies as they demand. Neither Perez nor the DNC responded to Breitbart News’s request for comment.",0
9066,An open letter to Fareed Zakaria from The People's Cube,"1/18/2016, 12:59 am Fareed Zakaria can dish it out but can't take it CNN host Fareed Zakaria is now calling to censor social media because he was offended by The People's Cube satire about his writings. Without mentioning that our satire was a hyperbolic buildup on his own recent writings, Zakaria cries for government protection of his hurt feelings, making it clear that he can dish it out but can't take it. Taste your own medicine, Fareed.""Progressives"" have trolled, ridiculed, satirized, maligned, insulted, bullied, and lied about conservatives since the inception of the Internet. But once they see the signs of oncoming traffic, they cry and run to mommy - or to the nanny state in this case - asking to make it a one-way street once again, where only they can ride their tricycles, wear funny hats, and fling poop at those whom they consider inferiors. Watch Fareed Zakaria on camera wiping his face from the poop flung at him. An open letter to Fareed Zakaria from The People's Cube ~ Dear Fareed,There have been studies showing that a foreign-born author's unique perspective can help the natives to boost their own creative thinking through the so-called ""schema violation,"" which occurs when our world is turned upside-down. You may argue that your ""otherness"" benefits and enlightens this country, with an implication that those unwilling to be enlightened by you are bigots who resent your ""otherness"" and won't have their old schema to be violated by a newcomer. Like you, I am a foreign-born author whose English is a second, or, rather, a third language; I know what it feels to be ""the other."" I also like to help the natives to boost their creative thinking by turning their reality upside-down and sending their temporal and spatial cues off-kilter (my website, The People's Cube , is one such big schema violation). I don't resent anyone's ""otherness"" as long as they don't attempt to make me comply to theirs. In sum, I am not concerned with your ethnic or cultural ""otherness."" It is your ideological ""otherness"" that bothers me, which makes you indistinguishable from the next run-of-the-mill, native-born ""progressive.""Now that we got the implication of bigotry out of the way, let's get down to business.On January 2, one of our contributors posted a satirical response to your Washington Post article where you apparently gloated over the premature deaths of white males in America. Our author took your argument to its logical conclusion, adding the need to exterminate white females as well - through Jihad, rape, and sex slavery as recently seen in Europe and elsewhere. This parody wasn't meant to be taken as factual reporting, given the context of our website and especially considering the author's credentials at the top: Chedoh, Kommissar of Viral Infections, Hero of Change, Prophet of the Future Truth.On January 14, you responded to our satire in your Washington Post article titled, Bile, venom and lies: How I was trolled on the Internet , and today you started your show on CNN with a segment titled, Fareed's Take: I was the target of Internet trolling , in which you were mostly reading your earlier article from the teleprompter. Among other things you claimed that our story ""was cleverly written to provide conspiracy theorists with enough ammunition to ignore evidence"" and complained that some people took our ""reporting"" seriously and reposted it in social media with impolite comments, all of which led you to conclude that someone must create a mechanism in social media ""to distinguish between fact and falsehood."" And since that someone can only be the government, your statement can only be understood as a vague call for the government censorship of the Internet.However, neither your article, nor the CNN segment mentioned that our grotesque fiction was based on your own controversial ideas that many Americans found insulting and grotesque. Why? Was it because such an admission would have undermined your argument that people were angry at you over nothing? And why in the world, Fareed, did you decide to bring up the term ""radicalization,"" which in today's world is mostly associated with Islam? Do you have such a tin ear - or do you really think that if you broaden the definition and talk about ""American radicalization,"" people will begin to see the two as morally equivalent? Do you think they are morally equivalent, Fareed?Fine, let's talk about radicalization.For you, sitting on the top floors of your well-protected media establishment's ivory tower, it's easy to downplay the threat of Islamic radicalization and throw the ""Islamophobia"" labels at all those little people down at the street level. The only radicalization to which your skewed radar is attuned is the faintest sound of protest from the little people, when they get fed up with your condescending elitism and begin to rebel against the ""progressive"" establishment. That's what scares you the most, doesn't it, Fareed? That's when you mouth off your grave concerns on CNN and write in WaPo about the threat of radicalization. But who is at fault that Americans no longer trust the establishment and its media? Have you considered the possibility that none of this would be happening if you and your colleagues weren't so radical yourselves, feeding the people with half-truths, distortions, propaganda, and outright lies, placing your Utopian ""progressive"" ideology above facts, smug and secure in your impenetrable media castle? Did it occur to you that you and your media establishment may be the very reason why so many people suddenly like Donald Trump, whom you so despise , and nothing you say on the subject can change their minds because no one trusts you anymore?When you talked about a study where ""simply by talking to one another, the bigoted students had become more bigoted,"" has it even occurred to you how perfectly this describes your ""progressive"" echo chamber, where tolerance towards opposing philosophical viewpoints is nonexistent? If you think that calling those who disagree with you ""bigots"" makes you an anti-bigot, let me share a little secret. There are two kinds of bigots today: the bigots and the anti-bigots, and it's hard to say which kind is worse. A good example of ""group polarization"" involving radical ""anti-bigots"" is JournoList - a highly biased group of about 400 left-wing journalists and political activists who for three years (2007-2010) participated in a private online echo chamber where they, in violation of public trust and professional ethics, conspired to coordinate media attacks on conservatives, to promote certain issues while burying others, and to influence the 2008 elections in favor of Barack Obama. To paraphrase Kolbert's study, ""Simply by talking to one another, the radical left-wing journalists had become more radical left-wing journalists."" To use your exact quote, ""It is how radicalization happens and extremism spreads."" Say, were you just as worried about ""group polarization"" then as you are now?Another example of such ""group polarization"" and radicalization is a knee-jerk impulse of allegedly mainstream journalists to describe anyone who doesn't lean left as ""far-right,"" as you have demonstrated in your CNN segment, or ""ultra-right-wing,"" as you have demonstrated in your segment.Isn't it a little too late to complain about America's radicalization, Fareed? Where were you during the George W. Bush years, when your fellow ""progressives"" trolled, ridiculed, and slandered the U.S. President and his supporters, with full support of the mainstream media? When there no longer was any distinction between a drug-fueled street protester and a media commentator? Did you complain when ""progressive"" satirists collectively created a false, hyperbolic reality around Bush, conservatives, Fox News, and America in general, which was then regularly disseminated as the truth around the world, translated into many languages, and contributing to the anti-American sentiment? Some of my own family members in Russia and Ukraine still honestly believe that those ""facts"" really happened. As you so eloquently stated,"" the people spreading this story were not interested in the facts; they were interested in feeding prejudice."" Did you complain then, or did it feel too good to let go?You refer to a scientific study of Facebook users, which found that ""people mainly shared information that confirmed their prejudices, paying little attention to facts and veracity."" That sounds reasonable. For example, even without a scientific study I know that an overwhelming majority of your fellow ""progressives"" believe that Sarah Palin has actually said ""I can see Russia from my house,"" paying little attention to the fact that it originated as an SNL skit. Did you complain about that in 2008? Were you at all concerned that Tina Fey's ""Palin"" videos might confuse voters and skew the election? Probably not; it was just satirical hyperbole, right?What if social media encourage misinformation, rumors, and lies, you ask. But did you ask the same question when misinformation, rumors, and lies were coming not from social media but from a seasoned mainstream journalist named Dan Rather - or, more recently, The Rolling Stone Magazine? Or, worse yet, from the nation's political leaders whom you support and admire? Wasn't the entire debate on and implementation of ObamaCare based on misinformation and lies? Were you alarmed when Joe Biden told a black audience that the Republicans would put them back in chains? Did you speak against radicalization when the ""hands up don't shoot"" movement, based on misinformation, rumors, and lies, and encouraged by the mainstream media, resulted in looting and the destruction of property, followed by the murders of innocent police officers?The answer to all those question is ""no."" You have never violated the ""progressive"" schema, Fareed. You've been a loyal Party soldier, albeit a mediocre creative thinker, having traded your ""otherness"" for conformity and sacrificing your unique perspective to what you thought was ""progress.""Examples are plenty; more can be provided upon request. Now let's talk about victimhood. You say you are the victim because you have received some hateful messages and comments. I have also received many hateful messages and comments from your fellow ""progressives"" over the years. Now what? You claim you have received a late-night phone call that woke up and threatened your young daughters. Indeed, Fareed, making threatening calls is a crime. Did you file a police report? Did the police trace the number and find the perpetrators, who are hardly a sophisticated organization behind an impenetrable firewall? If not, I can't believe every claim that comes from a confirmed plagiarist . You may as well claim that someone kicked your three-legged puppy and it made you cry.﻿While you played the world's saddest song on the world's smallest violin, I was the one who took the real hit. Snopes.com, a ""fact-checking"" website rooting for the ""progressive"" team, has not only debunked our satire as they've done it many times in the past - this time they also made an unsourced and slanderous allegation that our site is ""known for spreading malware.""Next, some busybody contacted one of our advertising providers, Content.ad, which then declined to pay our advertising earnings due to ""serious quality issues."" The money we lost as a result may be small change compared to your CNN contract, but if you were penalized for your writings in the same proportional amount, I'm sure your righteous indignation would go well beyond just one article in WaPo and a five-minute segment on CNN. There is only one victim of lies, prejudice, and institutionalized bias here - and it ain't you, Fareed. But don't let this stop you from playing your upside-down game of ""victims and radicals"" while you still can. So you think your opponents are radicals? Here's a news tip: down here in the streets below you, it's the other way around: growing numbers of Americans see you and your media colleagues as radical ideological hacks. You can call them any name you want, adding ultra-, far-, uber-, and other hyphenated insults; that won't change the fact that their thinking is the norm and yours is not. Like all normal people on this planet, they don't respond well to insults. But they are also the ones who make sure you have the freedom to call them radicals. Oleg AtbashianDepartment of Visual Agitation and Unanimity 1/18/2016, 1:27 am Red Square,I must say, this morning when I heard Fareed refer to TPC as a ""minor news site"" I was terribly offended and had to be hospitalized for a number of hours. Fortunately there was no permanent brain damage or anything so I can resume spewing hate tomorrow morning. (according to my doctor) I look forward to reading your upcoming letter to the sensitive Mr. Zakaria when my health returns in the spring.CC 1/18/2016, 3:12 am Alright, so Zakaria said that it is not obvious that this is a satire page to paraphrase. Yet the Washington Post declared us as "" Arguably one of the Internet's most satirical websites "". And if THAT isn't enough maybe the author, a cheeto dressed as Che Guevara, might have been another dead give away Might have....Really this whole thing reminded me of a clip I've seen from another satirical source... Although it 'may not' be 'clear satire' if we were to use the racist plagiarist Fareed Zakaria's standards. It's not about Zakaria, and the subject matter may be different, but mechanically he did the same thing.... He can use Craptek's Safer-Space ™ Products . 1/18/2016, 10:43 am Kongratulations, Komrade Red Square! Your People's Truth finally penetrated Fareed the Screed's bubble of Bleeding Edge Korrect Truth! Perhaps I can be allowed to suggest to the Cubitburo that you be awarded the title, ""People's Needler"" for that penetration, and also""Onion of the Soviet Cube"" for having made him cry like a little girl. 1/18/2016, 4:24 pm Sounds like Fareed really, really wants to be on the cover of the next issue of Poor Me. Instead of bringing back Beet of the Week (thanks to Speaker Ryan, it might well be fully funded again since he moved to fully fund pretty much everything else), perhaps we should implement something called Whiner of the Week and make Fareed the first recipient. Fareed had to read the article from a teleprompter because someone else probably wrote it. 1/18/2016, 4:49 pm Commissarka Pinkie Sounds like Fareed really, really wants to be on the cover of the next issue of Poor Me. Instead of bringing back Beet of the Week (thanks to Speaker Ryan, it might well be fully funded again since he moved to fully fund pretty much everything else), perhaps we should implement something called Whiner of the Week and make Fareed the first recipient. Thank you for reminding me! I'll get to making the second issue of Poor Me Magazine right away. Preparing Whiner of the Week award is a bit more complicated, as I foresee a lot of red tape, hurdles, signatures, bribes, and entertainment expenses before it is even included in this Five-Year Plan. In lieu of that, let me use the existing Golden Teabag award and sticker: If he was smarter, he'd just turn the other cheek. But his skin is too thin and his ego too inflated to withstand more than a superficial prick On special request from Commisarka Pinkie: Poor Me Mag #2 | See #1 here .IN THIS ISSUE: · They only don’t trust me because they know me!· Know your rights: dish it out without having to take it EXCLUSIVE:Fareed Zakaria, 52, laments about social media intruders who stole his tiny violin and waterboarded his three-legged puppy I don't want to watch the whole five minute video. Can somebody tell me the minute and second at which he cries? 1/18/2016, 6:17 pm professor joe - The Tears of Fareed™ are the specialty of our Department of Visual Agitation. You won't find 'em anywhere else. Only on the People's Cube, comrade! Only on the People's Cube. This clowns tears look more like that of an entirely different body fluid. Are we sure he's not a bukkake(don't google, you've been warned) enthusiast? Komrade Victor - are you implying that Fareed is ""wee-wee'd up"" (to use a phrase first uttered by The Most High and Mighty Barack H Obama)? My Our Entire Beet Kollecktiv has ( Unanimously! ) voted to send Kameradka Zakaria An Entire Pallet Of Teenage-Girl-Sized Feminine Hygiene Pads . These deliveries will continue until Little Fareed finally matures into a Full-Grown Woman ! Comrades, what if Jeff is Fareed or Fareed is Jeff? Apparatchik Unkulturny My Our Entire Beet Kollecktiv has ( Unanimously! ) voted to send Kameradka Zakaria An Entire Pallet Of Teenage-Girl-Sized Feminine Hygiene Pads . These deliveries will continue until Little Fareed finally matures into a Full-Grown Woman ! iPAD? The whole world is watching. And laughing at you commies tearing each other apart! Pass the popcorn! Commie fight! 1/19/2016, 2:52 am Fareed Zakaria shown above accepting his Proletariat Peabody Award (more commonly known as the HUA Award) from The People's Cube for ""Outstanding Heads-Up Asininity"" in Progressively projecting onto those ""others"" his own heart-felt bigotry in a manner portraying himself as victim -- i.e., as the bigotee rather than the bigotor. Next on his target list is The Onion, Mad Magazine, and other libelously parodic and satirical mockers of well-deserved mockees. Response to 3min mark: Woh! This is a satire website??? So does that mean Laika the space dog is NOT a real reporter??? I just...I just don't know what to believe anymore! 1/19/2016, 9:35 am after a single mention by Rush Limbaugh, the ""Stalinist version of the Onion"" the Peoples Cube was overwhelmed with visits and new members...Given the ratings and the audience of CNN, has there been any spike in viewers to the cube? perhaps we can get someone to stand on a corner and hand out flyers? I can go back to writing the website on the walls of the ladies room stalls... (you meet the nicest people in there)Viva la Clinton News Network!FLOORWARD! 1/19/2016, 3:14 pm Comrade Square, your written response was way beyond masterful, there is however one minor problem. The entire article will have to be reduced to a collection of single syllable words by the CNN editorial staff, so their ""on camera personalities"" may absorb some of the meaning.Concerning the proletariat award, I am sure that any resemblance to the Debby Washerwoman is purely coincidental. 1/20/2016, 12:59 am Comrade Trump has gone beyond an amusing cartoon to the party. Now the gloves must come off for this threat comrades. Books, banners, T-shirts and hats will be burned, neighbors will be shamed in the streets, and any white subversive sympathizer will be reeducated in the Eastern camps at hard labor to appreciate third world values, food and dance. Zero toleration for any leftover capitalist pigs in the USA! The comments on Fareed's article are pretty awesome... On special request from Commisarka Pinkie: Poor Me Mag #2 | See #1 here . IN THIS ISSUE: · They only don’t trust me because they know me! · Know your rights: dish it out without having to take it EXCLUSIVE: Fareed Zakaria, 52, laments about social media intruders who stole his tiny violin and waterboarded his three-legged puppy When did Poor Me become a gay mag?Oh. Never mind. I forgot that the first issue was about a gay man who was upset that he was gay and other people were not. 1/21/2016, 4:48 pm If there is a story in deaf as a Post, there could be something to this.CNN as confident [ this is mean he is a good plagiarist] that any of his text may have come from not copyrighted sources.Will he be Fareed from employment? Probably not, CNN loves originality, even if it is somebody else's. General Confusion Comrade Square, your written response was way beyond masterful , there is however one minor problem. The entire article will have to be reduced to a collection of single syllable words by the CNN editorial staff, so their ""on camera personalities"" may absorb some of the meaning.Concerning the proletariat award, I am sure that any resemblance to the Debby Washerwoman is purely coincidental. Yes! Yes! Yes! Comrade General Confusion!I just have to sit down and take it in. Awesome! So awesome! That is the finest use of English by anyone in the cube, or out including myself!There should be an appropriate award by members, you can head a committee!GC General Confusion Comrade Pamalinsky,That is the finest use of English by anyone in the cube, or out including myself!There should be an appropriate award by members, you can head a committee!GC Thanks, General Confusion, for your kind words. Thing is, I had to dry the tears dripping down my cheeks after reading it. I am so proud to be a Cubist (an art form) Poor Fareed, his skin is so thin that when the wind blows he calls it an extremist racist troll that offends him. 1/21/2016, 10:15 pm Komrade Direktor, how dare you say these hateful words of oppression towards Mr. Zakaria! I know he attacked our Glorious Kube, but he's clearly Muslim or related to Muslims (Judging by the Glorious Muslim name), which makes him a part of the Protekted Peoples of the Kubist Way. That means that you can't attack him. He is rubber, you're glue, whatever you say bounces off of him and sticks on you. Anyways, the Kube is Eternal and Glorious, the attacks of someone like him can't damage it. Where there is Kommunism, there is the Kube, and as long as there is one person alive that is dedicated to the Eternally True Kommunist Way, then the Kube will live on. And Zakaria is actually helping the Kube, he is letting people know of it's existence, and once you have the Kube on your mind it won't go away. I thought I was immune to the Allure of the Kube since 2009 when I started reading it. That was until I decided to become a part of the Revolution and enlist in the People's Kubist Revolutionary Force.Besides, our Glorious Party Organ isn't satire, it's Eternal Current Truth! Laika lives on, she will never die! I get all my news from the Kube, it tells me what to think, since I can't actually think for myself anymore. I used to, but then I was revolutionized by the Kube. Can you say that about such satire websites as MSNBC, Fox News, or indeed CNN, the very organization that Zakaria thinks is credible and reputable? They're as credible as a man saying a stick is actually a brick! Sure, these Organs of the Enemy do tell people what to think since they can't think for themselves, and they CAN revolutionize somebody, but they all believe in ""rights"". Komrade, there is only one right I believe in, and that is the right to work for the state in glorious production! And they also believe in ""ethics"" and ""Honesty"". Well, if that were the case, why are they spreading so many lies about the Kube? And why do they think they have to ask everybody questions that can easily be answered by a simple NSA scan or FBI/DHS/DEA raid? That's what makes our and many other Party Organs so great, we can and do get right to the source WITHOUT the overhead![OFF]Were this a lecture hall, I would have given a standing ovation for the letter to Zakaria. 1/25/2016, 10:22 pm methadras Poor Fareed, his skin is so thin that when the wind blows he calls it an extremist racist troll that offends him. I tend to find the passing wind somewhat offensive. I'm not sure if it's racist though. Likely a climate denier. I'm sure of that! It denies me my comfortable climate! 4/3/2016, 11:37 pm This story is now being discussed in Sweden. I accidentally noticed a popular link leading to the Cube, and clicking on it resulted in a Swedish news portal. Google Chrome offers a more or less readable translation - the style is lost, but the content is quite good. Very well stated. Thanks for being here, Komrade. Quote: let me use the existing Golden Teabag award and sticker The front-page picture really does seem to show an aftermath of tea-bagging. And it has nothing to do with beverages... Not that there is anything wrong with it. Quote: let me use the existing Golden Teabag award and sticker The front-page picture really does seem to show an aftermath of tea-bagging. And it has nothing to do with beverages... Not that there is anything wrong with it. Yeah, mi, it reminds me of the time when Robert Redford announced his retirement (first in a series) in a video, and some commenter said, and I paraphrase, ""Whew, for a minute there I thought I was watching my bulldog's ballsack. Glad to see Redford taking the proverbial hike."" Users browsing this forum: Ivan the Stakhanovets , MSNbot Media , Yahoo [Bot] and 56 guests Display posts from previous: Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group The uncontested absurdities of today are the accepted slogans of tomorrow. They come to be accepted by degrees, by precedent, by implication, by erosion, by default, by dint of constant pressure on one side and constant retreat on the other - until the day when they are suddenly declared to be the country's official ideology. ~ Ayn Rand 
Rubiks & Rubik’s Cube ® used by special individual permission of Seven Town Ltd. Write down this number and report to your Kommissar at the nearest railroad station. Don't forget warm clothes and a shovel! 
Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
9067,"Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures - The New York Times","On an overcast Friday morning last January, longshoremen all over New York Harbor walked off the docks, bringing the port nearly to a stop for a day. What were the longshoremen’s grievances? What were their demands? Many of the men seemed not to know. They hung around the food trucks and milled about the parking lots, unsure why they had stopped working and unsure what it would take for work to resume. “No one knew what that was about,” one recalled recently. A year later, the reason for the strike remains unclear, even as the agency tasked with ridding the waterfront of organized crime, the Waterfront Commission, has questioned dozens of longshoremen under oath. One told the commission he learned of the strike early that morning, when it was too dark to see the face of the man giving the order. It could have been anyone. It was the old D  D  —   Deaf and Dumb, the classic longshoreman’s response, popularized in the 1954 film “On the Waterfront. ” In that movie, the longshoremen were reluctant, even frightened, to talk to the authorities, whether a priest or a detective, because the mob controlled the waterfront. In the years since, much has changed around New York Harbor the heavy lifting is done not by hand but by cranes, and human voices are scarcely heard amid the beeping of the straddle carriers, giant insectlike machines that move containers back and forth. But even as New York and New Jersey’s increasingly valuable shoreline is claimed by luxury development, investigators say the mob is still present. It is where the daughter of one of the mobsters made famous in the 1997 film “Donnie Brasco” is up for a job where the nephew of another famous mobster pulled down more than $400, 000 in a single year because he was almost never off the clock, not even when he was at home sleeping where three consecutive presidents of a Newark longshoremen’s union were convicted of extortion. There is physical evidence as well, like the $51, 900 wrapped in cellophane that was discovered buried in the backyard of a longshoreman. It was, according to federal agents in a 2010 affidavit, the tribute that a group of Newark longshoremen paid the Genovese crime family each Christmas. “You will need another generation or two to get the mob out of this port, because they are very well entrenched,” said one longshoreman who requested anonymity because of a concern for his safety and his livelihood. Those who step out of line, he said, face being reassigned from   jobs unloading container ships to the cruise ship terminals, where the work and the pay is far less. While investigators say the mob and the waterfront remain entwined, both institutions are much diminished today, pushed to the margins of New York City. The  finger piers that once extended from much of Manhattan and Brooklyn are mostly gone.  These days the most famous shipping line in the city is the Circle Line, which does sightseeing tours. Container ships generally head across the harbor to New Jersey, toward the ports of Elizabeth, Newark and Bayonne. They unload at a number of terminals, one of which is owned by a Canadian teachers’ pension fund. The pay is pretty good on the docks  —   plenty of longshoremen make well over $100, 000  —   but the work is often dreary and dangerous. “It’s a funny thing about this port,” a hiring agent at Port Newark named Pasquale Pontoriero was overheard saying in a 2009 wiretap, a few years before his license was revoked because he had associated with organized crime figures. “I call it the Broadway of broken dreams. ” Perhaps the starkest difference at the port today is in how many machines there are, and how few people. A century ago New York Harbor employed 40, 000 longshoremen, who unloaded ships with hook and sling and brawn. Today, the entire workforce is just under 3, 400 longshoremen, many perched behind the controls of cranes and straddle carriers. Yet amid all the transformation, some investigators say, racketeers and mobsters are still as present as the barnacles attached to the piers. In the view of Walter M. Arsenault, the executive director of the Waterfront Commission, the fundamental relationship between the waterfront and the mob remains unchanged since “On the Waterfront. ” “The only difference is now, it’s in color,” Mr. Arsenault said. He based that assessment on several indicators, such as the number of relatives of   figures who continue to hold choice jobs, many of which involve little work and pay unusually high salaries, like the union shop steward position held by Ralph Gigante, the nephew of the boss of the Genovese family, the late Vincent (Chin) Gigante. Ralph Gigante earned $419, 000 in 2014, and has said he believes he holds the union office for life  —   “until death do us part. ” There is also the fact that some of the same New York and New Jersey union officials whom federal prosecutors have in the past accused of racketeering have since risen to the top ranks of the East Coast waterfront union, the International Longshoremen’s Association. One is Harold J. Daggett, the garrulous president, who owns a   yacht, the Obsession, and has been spotted by his members riding in a Bentley. One longshoreman said he had been surprised to catch sight of a holster strapped to Mr. Daggett’s ankle during a meeting. The Justice Department, which has lost two cases against Mr. Daggett, has described him as an “associate” of the Genovese crime family whose rise through the union ranks was part of the mob’s plan. A good portion of the Justice Department’s evidence against him came from the testimony of an aged mob turncoat, George Barone, who had once been a waterfront enforcer for the Genovese family and who described Mr. Daggett as thoroughly under the mob’s control. But Mr. Daggett, on trial in 2005, took the witness stand and portrayed himself as a mob target, describing a 1980 episode in which Mr. Barone had put a gun to his head and threatened to kill him and his family  —   an incident that so terrified Mr. Daggett he urinated in his pants, according to news accounts. During that trial, one of Mr. Daggett’s   a reputed mobster named Lawrence Ricci, went missing. Several weeks after the men were acquitted, Mr. Ricci’s decomposing body was found in the trunk of a car outside a New Jersey diner. The murder, which Mr. Arsenault said is the last known waterfront killing, remains unsolved. Mr. Daggett declined, through the longshoremen’s association’s spokesman, to be interviewed. But alluding to his brushes with the Justice Department, Mr. Daggett joked at a union conference in Puerto Rico in 2015 that when he was invited to the White House for a labor meeting, “I thought I might have a better chance ending up in the big house, but there I was, your I. L. A. president, at the White House. ” But Mr. Daggett’s lawyer in that 2005 trial, George Daggett (his cousin) said in a recent interview that “the mob on the waterfront is a myth”  —   something that has not been true for half a century. Mr. Daggett, who frequently represents longshoremen in litigation with the Waterfront Commission, said that the agency prefers to pretend “we’re still in the ’50s. ” “They can’t say, ‘We got rid of the mob,’ because then there’s no reason for them to be in existence,” George Daggett said. “I challenge them to prove mob influence on the piers. What have they come up with? A couple of guys here and a stray guy there?” The mob’s grip over the New York waterfront began nearly a century ago and was predicated on a few simple facts: The work was uneven, depending on a ship’s arrival time, and yet the cargo needed to be unloaded quickly, so that produce did not spoil and the shelves of America’s stores could remain stocked. Gangsters quickly realized that the piers were the choke point of the economy, and that a dizzying array of rackets were available to them. They pilfered cargo as it came ashore and extorted truckers who had come to collect cargo or drop it off. And, most cruelly, the mob controlled which of the longshoreman would be selected to work. Theirs was some of the most dangerous work in the country, but longshoremen had to beg to get it. At the   on the piers, where longshoremen would gather each morning in the hope of joining the group that would work on an arriving ship, it was common for a man to place a toothpick behind his ear, a signal that he would kick back some of his pay. All this began to change with containerization, as goods were no longer shipped loose but packed into containers that stacked efficiently, and transferred easily between ships and trucks and trains. With cranes doing the lifting, the number of longshoremen plummeted by more than 90 percent. Today, advances in automation threaten to reduce the number of longshoremen even further. As the workforce dwindled, the remaining jobs became well paid. This was a result of a shrewd move by the longshoremen’s association: The union negotiated a flat fee, today roughly $5 a ton, that the shipping industry would pay into various funds to provide an income for   longshoremen and supplement the benefits and income of those who would work fewer hours as a result. As global trade has soared, the few longshoremen who remain have seen their paychecks grow. The waterfront today has largely receded from the city’s consciousness and even its geography. And to some extent, so has the mob. Decimated by mass prosecutions over the last three decades, New York’s five crime families have struggled to adapt. While there have been some new, profitable ventures, like online gambling, the waterfront still exerts its own pull. Mr. Arsenault referred to the waterfront as the mob’s “last candy jar. ” In recent years, the union has brazenly recommended friends or relatives of organized crime figures for jobs on the docks, said Phoebe S. Sorial, the general counsel for the Waterfront Commission. She said the union has sought waterfront jobs for “people who posted bail for organized figures” and “people who are in business with organized crime figures,” along with any number of relatives. In 2014, for instance, the union recommended the    daughter of one of New York’s most famous mobsters, Benjamin (Lefty) Ruggiero (played by Al Pacino in the film “Donnie Brasco”) Mr. Arsenault said, adding that other such cases abound. “You can’t throw a rock on either side of the waterfront without hitting a brother, son or daughter of a made member,” Mr. Arsenault said, using the terminology for someone who has been inducted into a crime family. The   Waterfront Commission was formed in 1953 to fight organized crime on the docks. For many years, before it came under new leadership in 2008, it was a   and sleepy agency. Since then it has focused on extensive background checks, mapping the familial relationships between mobsters and longshoremen  —   an elaborate genealogy project. The Gigantes, for instance, have 10 relatives  —   mostly nephews,   and grandsons  —   working on the waterfront, according to the commission. This kind of blatant nepotism was impressive if not especially unusual. And yet Mr. Daggett, the union president, objects to the assumption that these sorts of arrangements necessarily signal corruption. “There is an old saying,” he once proclaimed at a public hearing, slightly stretching the degree of kinship in the adage, “‘The son or a nephew should not carry the sins of a father or an uncle. ’” Many of those with relatives in organized crime say the insinuation that they themselves are mixed up in racketeering is hurtful, untrue and yet maybe inescapable. “When I started out, people were a little standoffish because of fear, because of my ancestors,” James Anastasio said. His father’s uncle was Albert Anastasia, once the head of what the press called Murder, Inc. he was “Lord High Executioner,” as his 1957 obituary in The Daily News put it. “Although once they got to know me and realized I had nothing to do with that, they treated me as a normal person. ” Mr. Anastasio, who runs a training institute for longshoremen and is also an executive at a crane company, said that in his long career on the waterfront, “I’ve never really come across the mob. ” “As far as I know, no, the mob is no longer on the waterfront,” he added. “I can’t say there are not small pockets of bad people, but as far as big influence  —   not that I’ve seen in my lifetime. ” George Daggett, the lawyer and cousin of the union president, said that the Waterfront Commission has taken to harassing some longshoremen with relatives reputed to be organized crime figures. He cited a lawsuit he had brought on behalf of a longshoreman in New Jersey named Pasquale Falcetti Jr. Mr. Falcetti, he said, was denied a port registration card by the Waterfront Commission for no other reason, apparently, than “who this kid’s father is”  —   Pasquale (Uncle Patty) Falcetti, a convicted racketeer and reputed leader in the Genovese family, currently finishing a federal prison sentence. The union has complained about such aggressive tactics, and the longstanding antipathy between the longshoremen’s association and the Waterfront Commission may have been the driving force behind the strike last year. And yet a spokesman for the longshoremen’s association, James McNamara, said the union did not give the order for the strike and urged the longshoremen to return to work. “What we had heard,” Mr. McNamara said, “was the men were seemingly protesting against the Waterfront Commission and what was perceived as harassment. ” As for the presence of organized crime along the waterfront, Mr. McNamara said the mob had no influence anymore. “They just don’t,” he said. “It’s a highly automated, highly sophisticated industry. ” He added, “You just don’t hear about that at all anymore. ” But another viewpoint was offered two years ago by Sabato (Sal) Catucci, a legendary waterfront figure who operated the stevedoring company that ran the Red Hook docks in Brooklyn until 2011. At a public hearing before the Waterfront Commission in 2010, he protested investigators’ insinuation that the ports were under mob control. He was so wary of being tarred as a mobster that he even chose what to wear with care. “I didn’t come in here with a black shirt today, because I don’t feel that I wanted to be stereotyped,” he said. Yet just a few years later, Mr. Catucci, now locked in a battle over a contract to operate the Red Hook port, accused the longshoremen’s union of threatening him during negotiations. He had been told he would be taken out “in a box,” according to a lawsuit he filed. One vice president of the union “shoved me and threatened to knock me out,” Mr. Catucci said in a 2014 affidavit, in which he claimed that some of the waterfront’s most powerful figures “are, or are associated with, thugs who get their way by intimidation and force. ” Investigators insist that the same rackets that gave life to “On the Waterfront” continue today. Mr. Arsenault checked off the various forms of thievery and extortion, both big and small, that he learned of through his investigations.    containers occasionally disappear, most likely the result of theft. Truckers, in order to be allowed to retrieve their container and leave the port, have been encouraged to buy overpriced bottles of water, or even Girl Scout cookies from the longshoremen, he said. Robert Stewart, a longtime anticorruption prosecutor who until last year had worked in a   role for 13 years to rid a longshoremen’s local in Bayonne of organized crime, said that mob influence on the waterfront was “a tad better” than in the past. “You don’t have bodies showing up,” he said. But he said he wondered whether the mob had not simply directed its attention to a different source of income. For years, investigators have suspected that the mob’s most lucrative targets on the waterfront are the longshoremen benefit funds, including what is known as the “container royalty fund,” the fund that pays extra wages to longshoremen each year as compensation for the diminished work that came with containerization. The funds are worth a great deal of money one received more than $95 million in 2014. They also tend to be rather opaque. “It is an awfully inviting target, and knowing the cast of characters involved here, to think they’re not getting a piece of this is unrealistic,” Mr. Stewart said. The list of employees at the benefits fund, said one law enforcement official, include an accountant and a director of operations who are the children of dead organized crime figures. But John Nardi, the president of the New York Shipping Association, a trade group that has a role in managing the funds, said he had seen no evidence of misconduct. “Based on people’s names you can make a lot of assumptions,” he said. However, he said, “All monies are accounted for. ”",0
9068,"From Jingles to Pop Hits, A.I. Is Music to Some Ears - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Patrick Stobbs recently sat in a conference room here playing songs from his smartphone, attempting to show how his   Jukedeck, is at the cutting edge of music. The tune sounded like the soundtrack to a 1980s video game. “This is where we were two years ago,” he said, looking slightly embarrassed. “And this is where we are now,” he continued. He then played a gentle piano piece. Its melody was simple, and it was unsubtle in its melancholy, but there was no denying that it could work as background music for, say, a health insurance commercial. Mr. Stobbs didn’t write the music himself, nor did he commission it from a composer. Jukedeck is one of a growing number of companies using artificial intelligence to compose music. Their computers tap tools like artificial neural networks, modeled on the brain, that allow the machines to learn by doing, rather as a child does. So far, at least, these businesses do not seem to be causing much anxiety among musicians. “We see our system as still in its infancy it’s only learnt a certain amount about music,” Mr. Stobbs said, although he quickly hinted how he hoped Jukedeck’s music could advance: “There’s no rule of physics that says computers can’t get as good as a human. ” Having machines write music is not new. In the 1950s, the composer Lejaren Hiller used a computer to produce the “Illiac” Suite for string quartet, the first   score. Since then, countless researchers have pushed that work forward. But several   are now trying to commercialize A. I. music for everything from jingles to potential pop hits. Jukedeck, for instance, is looking to sell tracks to anyone who needs background music for videos, games or commercials. The company charges large businesses just $21. 99 to use a track, a fraction of what hiring a musician would cost. Mr. Stobbs wouldn’t reveal how many tracks it has sold, but said that the British division of   pays for a monthly subscription. Tech giants are also involved. In June, Google Brain announced Magenta, a project that aims to have computers produce “compelling and artistic” music, filled with surprises. Its efforts so far do not quite fit the bill. In September, DeepMind, the   British artificial intelligence company, also released results of an experiment it undertook for fun. DeepMind put samples of piano music into its WaveNet system, used to generate audio, such as speech. The system, which was not told anything about how music worked, used the initial audio to synthesize   clips that sound like   jazz. IBM also has a research project called Watson Beat, which musicians will be able to use to transform their work’s style, making songs sound Middle Eastern, for example, or “spooky. ” Jukedeck’s beginnings are somewhat surprising for a tech company. Mr. Stobbs and the composer Ed   both 29, founded it in 2012. They had been choristers at King’s College School in Cambridge, England, and Mr.   went on to study music at the University of Cambridge, where he first learned that artificial intelligence could compose. After graduating from Cambridge, the pair set up a choral boy band (“a terrible idea,” Mr. Stobbs said) and had aspirations to run a record label. But in 2010, Mr.   attended a computer science lecture at Harvard, where his girlfriend was studying. The lecturer made coding sound relatively straightforward, and also made Mr.   recall his earlier studies in A. I. music. He decided to put the two together, and he set about building Jukedeck on the flight home. Jukedeck’s system involves feeding hundreds of scores into its artificial neural networks, which then analyze them so they can work out things like the probability of one musical note’s following another, or how chords progress. The networks can eventually produce compositions in a similar style, which are then turned into audio, using an automated production program. It has different networks for different styles, from folk to “corporate”  —   something that sounds like the glossy electronica typically played at business conferences. The company only recently started experimenting with the artificial neural networks for the audio output as well as the composition. This should make tracks sound more natural and varied  —   more human, in other words. Other companies working on A. I. music tend to involve musicians more directly in the process. The Sony Computer Science Laboratory in Paris, for example, considers musicians essential to its Flow Machines project, which has received funding from the European Research Council. The idea behind the project is to get computers to write pop hits, said François Pachet, the laboratory’s director. “Most people working on A. I. have focused on classical music, but I’ve always been convinced that composing a short, catchy melody is probably the most difficult task,” he said. He added: “A compelling song is actually a rare and fragile object. It can only work if all the dimensions are right: the melody, the harmony, the voice, the dress of the singer, the discourse around it  —   like, ‘Why did you write this song?’ No one is able to model all that right now, and I’m interested in that problem. ” Flow Machines’ main system is a composing tool that works similarly to Jukedeck’s: by getting a computer to analyze scores  —   everything from Beatles’ songs to dance hits  —   so that it can learn from them and write its own. However, its output is then given to musicians, who are free to use it, change it or throw it away as they like, at no charge. (Negotiations are underway regarding contractual obligations if record labels release any of this music.) Musicians give “a sense of agency,” Mr. Pachet said. “The systems don’t know why they want to make music. They don’t have any goal, any desire. ” Around 20 acts have already used the system, Mr. Pachet said, some performing the songs they wrote using it at a recent concert. He is in talks with some   groups, like the indie band Phoenix, to try it, he added, and several albums will be released this year. Musicians appear to enjoy it. “I could never have written a song like the one I did without it,” said Mathieu Peudupin, a French rock musician who goes by the name Lescop. “It drove me to a place I would never have gone myself. ” He said it was like working with a bandmate, although he ignored most of its suggestions. “But what singer in the world listens to his bandmates?” he said, laughing. Mr. Pachet and Lescop both said they did not think listeners would ever entirely accept   music. “Music fans need to fall in love with musicians,” Lescop said. “You can’t fall in love with a computer. ” But the founders of Jukedeck are less certain. Mr.   sees artificial intelligence changing the way we listen, especially if computers eventually “understand music enough to make it respond in real time to, let’s say, a game, or you going for a run,” he said. “Recorded music’s brilliant, but it’s static. If you’re playing a game, Hans Zimmer isn’t sitting with you composing. I think responsive systems like that will be a big part of the music of the future. ”",0
9069,Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President,"Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, is greeted by Hillary Clinton at a panel discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative, Sept. 24, 2014 in New York. 
Published in partnership with Shadowproof . 
He’s with her. On Sunday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earned the endorsement of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein —an endorsement she had been working toward for years. 
As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her positions on financial regulation. 
On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for “political reasons” because Congress needed to look like it was doing something about the crisis. She said, “There’s nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.” 
Yes, she essentially endorsed Wall Street writing the rules because Wall Street knows its business best and complained to Goldman Sachs that regulations had frightened bankers. 
“I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they’re scared of regulations, they’re scared of the other shoe dropping, they’re just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth,” Clinton said. “So people are, you know, a little — they’re still uncertain, and they’re uncertain both because they don’t know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they’re also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we’re only beginning to take hold of.” 
Music to Wall Street’s ears. For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? After all, they did pay Hillary Clinton $675,000 for those three speeches, and have generously supported her political career. 
Despite her private comments to Goldman Sachs, Hillary Clinton has taken a tough public position on Wall Street during the campaign, likely due to Senator Bernie Sanders’ success in the primaries. Of course, Wikileaks also revealed that Clinton told the National Multi-housing Council in a private speech that “you need both a public and a private position.” 
So the real question is, what do Blankfein and Goldman want in return and what is Clinton’s private position on giving it to them? Be Sociable, Share!",0
9070,"Terry Jones of Monty Python Has Dementia, His Family Says - The New York Times","Terry Jones, an original member of Monty Python, has a form of dementia that is affecting his ability to communicate, his family said in a statement. The statement, published on Thursday on the website of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in Wales, also known as BAFTA Cymru, said: “Terry has been diagnosed with primary progressive aphasia, a variant of frontotemporal dementia. This illness affects his ability to communicate, and he is no longer able to give interviews. ” On Friday, Ben Timlett, a producer on one of Mr. Jones’s films, said in an email that Mr. Jones’s son Bill confirmed that the statement had been released to BAFTA Cymru on behalf of the family. BAFTA Cymru chose Terry Jones  —   a Welsh comedian known for his Python characters like a doting mother of a coal worker son criticized for being a slacker by his playwright father and an everyday Superman who needs his bicycle repaired  —   to receive its award for Outstanding Contribution to Film and Television. Hannah Raybould, the director of BAFTA Cymru, said a retrospective of Mr. Jones’s work starting from 1969 would still be celebrated at an awards ceremony in Cardiff on Oct. 2. “Terry is proud and honored to be recognized in this way and is looking forward to the celebrations,” the statement said. Lydia Jones, a spokeswoman for BAFTA Cymru, said Friday that the organization had been told there would be no further details on Mr. Jones’s condition. Primary progressive aphasia is a rare nervous system syndrome that affects a person’s ability to express his or her thoughts and understanding, or to find words, according to the Mayo Clinic. Symptoms begin gradually, often before age 65, and worsen over time. The news of the diagnosis was also reported by the BBC and Britain’s National Press Association. The announcement of Mr. Jones’s illness dominated Monty Python fan sites on Friday, where it was described as “sad” and “terrible” news. Eric Idle, a   of the ribald, outrageous and internationally acclaimed British troupe, tweeted thanks to fans for their support while noting Mr. Jones’s participation in the 2014 stage reunion of the comedy gang. Mr. Jones, 74, was born in Colwyn Bay, a seaside community on the north coast of Wales. He has written and directed dramas, presented documentaries, composed operas and penned short stories, as BAFTA Cymru noted. But it is his work in the Monty Python television series, which was brought to the stage in London in 2014, that arguably contributed most to his fame. He worked on some of the troupe’s   films, including “Life of Brian,” 1979 (director and a writer) “The Meaning of Life,” 1983 (a writer and, with Terry Gilliam, a director) and “Monty Python and the Holy Grail,” 1975 (a writer and  ). Last year, Mr. Jones released the documentary  “Boom Bust Boom,” about how the economy cycles through periods of growth and collapse. “This film is about the Achilles’ heel of capitalism,” Mr. Jones says at the opening of the film. “How human nature drives the economy to crisis after crisis, time and time again. ” A review in The New York Times called it ominous but enjoyable. In addition to   Mr. Jones helped to direct the project.",0
9071,House GOP Leaders Pull Paul Ryan’s Obamacare 2.0 Bill Off Floor Again - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   At approximately the time that the U. S. House of Representatives was supposed to vote on Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare replacement bill —  the American Health Care Act (AHCA) —  news broke that the vote had again been canceled. [Reporter Bob Costa posted news of the bill’s cancellation:  President Trump just called me. Still on phone. ”We just pulled it,” he tells me.  —   Robert Costa (@costareports) March 24, 2017,  ”I don’t blame Paul,” Trump tells me,  —   Robert Costa (@costareports) March 24, 2017,  CNN reported that the bill was pulled at President Donald Trump’s request despite earlier reports that the President wanted a vote —  whether or not the bill had the votes to pass. Later reports indicated it was Ryan who urged Trump that the bill needed to be pulled. It was unclear as of Friday afternoon who was ultimately responsible for the decision to pull the bill. The vote was previously scheduled for Thursday evening, but was canceled within hours of the White House assuring that there would be a vote. Vice President Mike Pence had canceled Friday plans to travel and promote the AHCA in two states to remain in Washington, D. C. and work with the President. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said Thursday that if the House Leadership’s bill failed, Obamacare would remain, according to several reports. “There were a lot of emotional pleas last night that might cause people to take off their thinking hats and react with their hearts, rather than their heads, and support what we all know is bad legislation,” Rep. Mo Brooks ( ) said on Friday morning to SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Breitbart News Daily. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
9072,"Amazon Deforestation, Once Tamed, Comes Roaring Back - The New York Times","COLONIA BERLIN, Bolivia  —   A few months ago, a representative from Cargill traveled to this remote colony in Bolivia’s eastern lowlands in the southernmost reaches of the vast Amazon River basin with an enticing offer. The American agricultural giant wanted to buy soybeans from the Mennonite residents, descendants of European peasants who had been carving settlements out of the thick forest for more than 40 years. The company would finance a local warehouse and weighing station so farmers could sell their produce directly to Cargill   the man said, according to local residents. One of those farmers, Heinrich Janzen, was clearing woodland from a   plot he bought late last year, hustling to get soy in the ground in time for a May harvest. “Cargill wants to buy from us,” said Mr. Janzen, 38, as bluish smoke drifted from heaps of smoldering vegetation. His soy is in demand. Cargill is one of several agricultural traders vying to buy from soy farmers in the region, he said. Cargill confirmed the accounts of colony residents, and said the company was still assessing whether it would source from the community. That decision would depend on a study of the area’s productivity and land titles, said Hugo Krajnc, Cargill’s corporate affairs leader for the Southern Cone, based in Argentina. “But if a farmer has burned down its forest we’ll not source from that grower,” he said. A decade after the “Save the Rainforest” movement forced changes that dramatically slowed deforestation across the Amazon basin, activity is roaring back in some of the biggest expanses of forests in the world. That resurgence, driven by the world’s growing appetite for soy and other agricultural crops, is raising the specter of a backward slide in efforts to preserve biodiversity and fight climate change. In the Brazilian Amazon, the world’s largest rain forest, deforestation rose in 2015 for the first time in nearly a decade, to nearly two million acres from August 2015 to July 2016. That is a jump from about 1. 5 million acres a year earlier and just over 1. 2 million acres the year before that, according to estimates by Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research. Here across the border in Bolivia, where there are fewer restrictions on land clearance, deforestation appears to be accelerating as well. About 865, 000 acres of land have been deforested, on average, annually for agriculture since 2011, according to estimates from the nongovernmental Bolivia Documentation and Information Center, an area nearly the equivalent of Rhode Island in size. That figure has risen from about 366, 000 acres a year, on average, in the 1990s and 667, 000 acres a year in the 2000s. Now, a new study by an environmental advocacy group points to fresh indications of     by Bolivian and Brazilian farmers who trade soybeans with Cargill. That organization,   Mighty Earth, used satellite imaging and   mapping information from the Stockholm Environment Institute, an environmental think tank, to identify deforestation in Brazil where two   food giants, Cargill and Bunge, are the only known agricultural traders. The   mapping by the environmental institute uses customs, shipment and storage data, as well as production data from Brazilian municipalities to trace agricultural exports back to producers. According to Mighty Earth’s analysis, the Brazilian savanna areas in which Cargill operates, a region called the Cerrado, saw more than 321, 000 acres of deforestation between 2011 and 2015. Mighty Earth also linked Bunge, the other agricultural giant, to more than 1. 4 million acres from 2011 to 2015. In Bolivia, where   mapping is not available, Mighty Earth sent employees to areas where Cargill operates. The organization used drones to record the clearing of forests and savannas in areas where Cargill operates silos. The study was funded by the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation and a nongovernmental organization, Rainforest Foundation Norway. A reporter for The New York Times independently traveled to remote areas of Bolivia described in the environmentalists’ report and interviewed farmers engaged in deforestation who said they sold soy to Cargill. The farmers described what they called Cargill’s push to increase its purchases of locally produced soy and its attempts to enhance bonds with local producers. The reports of fresh deforestation come despite a landmark deal signed three years ago by Cargill and other companies that included a target of “eliminating deforestation from the production of agricultural commodities like palm oil, soy and beef products by 2020. ” Experts at the time said the deadline, laid out in the New York Declaration of Forests, would require companies to start straightaway to make their sourcing more sustainable. Both Cargill and Bunge said the report seemed to inflate its role in the region’s deforestation. Cargill’s share of soy in the Bolivia municipalities in which it operates came to about 8 percent, Cargill said. Meanwhile, in Brazil’s Matopiba region, Bunge’s share was about 20 percent, the company said. And soy is just one crop behind deforestation, said Stewart Lindsay, Bunge’s vice president for global corporate affairs. “One company alone cannot solve this issue,” Mr. Lindsay said. “A positive step would be for more companies to adopt zero deforestation commitments, apply controls to block crops grown in illegally cleared areas from entering their supply chains, report publicly on progress and invest millions of dollars to support sustainable land use planning efforts, all of which Bunge has done. ” (Bunge, however, is not a signatory to the New York Declaration of Forests.) In an interview, Cargill chief executive David MacLennan said the company was studying the allegations of deforestation in Bolivia and Brazil linked to the company. “If there’s something there, if it’s substantiated, we’ll do something about it,” Mr. MacLennan said. “If that’s accurate, it’s not acceptable. “We’re going to honor our obligations and our commitments,” he continued. “We’ve committed to ending deforestation and to do our part in ending deforestation. Our word is our bond. ” Forest loss is detrimental to the earth’s climate. The clearing of woodlands and the fires that accompany it generate   of all global warming emissions, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists, making the loss of forests one of the biggest single contributors to climate change. Only about 15 percent of the world’s forest cover remains intact, according to the World Resources Institute. The rest has been cleared, degraded or is in fragments, wiping out ecosystems and displacing indigenous communities, scientists say. Behind the rise in deforestation is a strategy by multinational food companies to source their agricultural commodities from ever more remote areas around the world. These areas tend to be where legal protections of forests are weakest. The Brazilian Amazon, a poster child for the global   movement, has enjoyed increasing protections, like a moratorium announced in 2006 on forest clearing for soy production. Between that time and 2015, Brazil reduced Amazon deforestation by almost   according to estimates by Mongabay, the environmental news site, based on data from the Brazilian National Institute of Space Research and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. The uptick in forest loss since then, however, has raised concerns that the progress is far from secure. Brazil was aware of the challenge of keeping deforestation at bay, Everton Lucero, the secretary of climate change and forests of Brazil’s Ministry of the Environment, said in an interview. “We are very uncomfortable with the bad news that we had a rise in deforestation, and we are taking every possible measure to reverse it next year,” Mr. Lucero said. Budget shortfalls amid Brazil’s recent economic and political turmoil, he said, had wreaked havoc with its policing of its rain forests. When traveling to remote regions, “Sometimes our command and control units were without fuel for helicopters,” he said. “Hopefully we are on a recovery path. ” Bolivia, on the other hand, presents a different situation. President Evo Morales, a socialist, has made securing “food sovereignty” a major part of his agenda, driving Bolivia’s agricultural expansion. There are relatively few forest protections, and the government’s Forestry and Land Authority is tasked with the potentially conflicting roles of regulating land use, forestry and agriculture, and issuing concessions for logging and farming. The landlocked country has declared that it expects to clear almost 14 million more acres of forest by 2025, to convert into farmland. Bolivia’s greenhouse gas emissions levels per capita exceed that of many European countries, despite having a far lower per capita income. Deforestation is responsible for more than 80 percent of Bolivia’s total carbon dioxide emissions, according to a recent study by researchers at Insead, a graduate school based in Fontainebleau, France. A major culprit is the cultivation of soy, which has jumped more than 500 percent in Bolivia since 1991, to 3. 8 million hectares in 2013, according to the most recent agricultural censuses. Little of that soy is consumed domestically. The vast majority is processed and exported as animal feed in a commodities trade that serves a global appetite for hamburgers, chicken and pork. “The forest is seen as useless land that needs to be made useful,” said Nataly Ascarrunz, executive director of the Bolivian Institute of Forestry Investigation, a Bolivian nongovernmental organization that monitors and researches the country’s forests. “There’s a lot of pressure for economic development,” Ms. Ascarrunz said. “When resources are flowing, production is happening and people have work. It’s very hard to argue with that. ” Victor Yucra, the director general of Bolivia’s forest and land management at the Forestry and Land Authority, stressed the need for the Bolivian government to balance the protection of its forests with the needs of its agricultural sector. “Our concern is in ensuring that intensive agricultural production takes place within a framework that also provides for sustainable forestry and protection for standing forests,” Mr. Yucra said. Mr. MacLennan, the chief executive of Cargill, described a business trip to Brazil last year, during which he saw the Amazon from a plane window. “You look down and you see this beautiful forest,” he said. “Kilometers and kilometers of forest. But you also see these big chunks of dirt. “The brown really contrasts with the green,” he continued, comparing the forest and deforested areas. “When you see it, it’s like, ‘Holy cow. That’s what’s happened.’ It just hit me when I saw it in broad daylight  —   the impact the deforestation has. ” Mr. MacLennan initially garnered praise among environmentalists for pledging to extend the   pledge it had made regarding palm oil to cover every commodity the company handles. Cargill’s commitment was called one of the most sweeping environmental pledges ever made by a large agricultural company. It earned Mr. MacLennan a photo opportunity with Ban   the United Nations secretary general at the time. Even before the New York Declaration, Cargill had made significant efforts to buy palm oil sourced only from land not linked to fresh deforestation, according to a   expert with extensive experience working on Cargill’s global sustainability efforts. The expert spoke on the condition of anonymity, saying that to do so openly would jeopardize professional relations with the company. Cargill continued to invest millions of dollars adding extra staff members and hiring   auditors to verify that the palm oil was coming from established fields, not farmland freshly carved from the forest, he said. But Cargill has been less aggressive with other commodities, he said. Part of the issue was Cargill’s decentralized setup, the expert said. Another problem was the resistance from commodities traders, whose incentive is to seek supplies from as many sources as possible in order to drive down costs. Buying only sustainably grown commodities would mean a more limited supply. Now, environmental groups accuse Cargill of backtracking on its 2020 deadline. In recent statements, Cargill has adopted a 2030 deadline for elimination of deforestation from its supply chain  —   a separate deadline, mentioned elsewhere in the New York Declaration, that was meant to apply to ending all forms of deforestation, not just those related to agricultural commodities. “They’re willfully misinterpreting the Declaration,” said Glenn Hurowitz, chief executive of Mighty Earth. “They’re breaking their own pledge. ” Cargill is committed, Mr. MacLennan said, to eliminating by 2020 deforestation from its production of palm oil, a commodity widely used in food, detergents and cosmetics. But, he said, Cargill had always understood the declaration to give all signatories until 2030 to tackle deforestation. “I don’t think I or others appreciated the vast complexity of the task,” Mr. MacLennan said. “Let’s say that we are trading or buying and selling soybean meal. Where did the soybeans come from? And did they come from deforested land? Maybe we weren’t buying the soybeans directly. I don’t know. ” Holly Gibbs, an expert in tropical deforestation and agriculture at the University of   called the 2030 deadline interpretation devastating. “If we were to wait until 2030,” Ms. Gibbs said, “there would be no forest left. ” In Mr. Janzen’s newly cleared field, a long strip of land flanked by vivid vegetation,   smoke drifted from a smoldering landscape. The   Mennonites, who live amid   buggies and farmhouses that wouldn’t look out of place in rural Ohio or Pennsylvania, trace their origins to   Protestant reformists who migrated to Russia, the United States, Canada, Belize and Mexico in search of farming opportunities and religious freedom. Some moved to Bolivia in the last century, and about 57, 000 Mennonites now live in 55 secluded settlements here, eschewing some aspects of 21st century technology, like modern cars, but enthusiastically embracing others, such as tractors and genetically modified seeds. Their trade with companies like Cargill has transformed their communities into a bloc of relatively prosperous landowners. But in recent years, they have also been targeted by land reforms enacted by Mr. Morales, who has pledged to reverse the centuries of subjugation of Bolivia’s indigenous majority. The farmer, Mr. Janzen, with the help of two laborers, spent the day digging roots from the earth, between smoking woodpiles. There was a brown jumble of slender trees, saplings, shrubs, bushes, vines and roots. Occasional larger trees showed gashes where the bulldozer first made contact, pushing them to the ground. Farther downfield lay more long, neat cordons of debris, waiting to be burned. “If the rain holds off, I’ll burn the rest tomorrow,” he said.",0
9073,"Luis Lázaro Tijerina: Americans and the Trump ""Victory"" - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
The Scandal That Shook America 
For the first time since my return to the US in 2000 – and taking into account my ten-year stay in the seventies — I see Americans losing faith in… 
The level of irrationality, confusion, and “negative energy” is the most astonishing signal emanating from the US presidential elections. This is a… 
What is arguably one of the most influential and far-reaching election in modern history is finally taking place today. The US is tasked with… 
As we have already said many times, the main aspect of this political season is not elections, but war. But if elections do have importance somewhere… 
The chiefs of the Hunkpapa Lakota and Yanktonai Dakota Indians, their people, and others, including Anglo-Americans, Mexican Americans, Asian… 
Andrew Korybko about the results of US elections and Trump’s victory 
Hillary Clinton, in a trademark act of cynicism, has decided to cast Russia, it’s leader and by extension its people as an enemy of the United States… 
On Sunday, the first round of presidential elections was held in Bulgaria. The turnout exceeded 50%, but none of the candidates received the required… 
Washington made another attempt to escalate the conflict in Syria on Saturday. The consequences may be dramatic: the Syrian-Iraqi crisis is turning… 
The great presidential debate on September 26th, 2016 – set to be the first of three – was the subject of great controversy in the mainstream media…. 
This year is the 15th anniversary of the the events of September 11th, 2001. That morning, New York was faced with the collapse of the World Trade… Related ",0
9074,What to Expect From the New Congress,"Email 
In what Democrats and the Left hoped would be a steal reclaiming control of both the House and Senate on the coattails of a much-anticipated Clinton victory, Republicans firmly held their ground retaining control of both chambers of Congress as Donald Trump wins the presidency. 
With all 435 seats up for reelection in the 247-seat Republican-dominated House of Representatives, Democrats made only moderate gains picking up a net total of only five districts with only a few races remaining undecided as of Wednesday afternoon but not enough to alter the balance of power. 
Unsurprisingly, Paul Ryan, who has been critical of his party's own presidential nominee and now President-elect Donald Trump, easily won his reelection, defeating Democrat opponent Ryan Solen in a landslide with 65 percent of the vote. Although Ryan is favored to be reelected Speaker of the House for the incoming 115th Congress, he is also likely to receive opposition from both Democrats on the Left and Trump-Republicans who disagree with the speaker on his support for “free trade” agreements — namely, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
It still remains to be seen whether House conservatives or President-elect Trump will push Ryan from the speakership in favor of another Republican congressman. However, in a statement posted on Facebook, Ryan congratulated Trump on his victory and vowed to work with the president-elect. “We are eager to work hand-in-hand with the new administration to advance an agenda to improve the lives of the American people. This has been a great night for our party, and now we must turn our focus to bringing the country together,” Ryan said. 
Among Republican losses and Democrat gains in the House was the ouster of incumbent 12-term Florida GOP Congressman John Mica, who maintains a lackluster cumulative score of 57 percent from The New American 's "" Freedom Index ,"" which measures congressmen’s fidelity to the Constitution based on the votes they cast. Mica lost his reelection bid to Democrat challenger Stephanie Murphy, the first Vietnamese-American women elected to Congress. 
Also in Florida, former Republican governor-turned-Democrat Charlie Crist defeated incumbent freshman Republican Congressman David Jolly, who holds al Freedom Index score of 48 percent. 
The most disappointing race for conservatives was the defeat of seven-term New Jersey Republican Congressman Scott Garrett, who lost to Democrat challenger and former Clinton-speech writer Joshua Gottheimer. Garrett rates a cumulative Freedom Index score of 76 percent, which is the highest for any congressman from New Jersey, but far less than ideal. All constitutionalist top-tier Freedom Index score recipients in Congress easily won their reelection campaigns. 
In Michigan, where Trump is expected to win the state's 16 electoral votes, libertarian/constitutionalist Republican Congressman Justin Amash crushed his Democrat opponent Douglas Smith 59 to 38 percent with 100 percent of precincts reporting. Amash, boasts an impressive Freedom Index score of 93 percent, second only to Thomas Massie of Kentucky who has a near-perfect score of 98 percent. Massie also blew out his Democrat opponent with an even wider electoral margin of 71 to 29 percent. Both Amash and Massie have made reputations for themselves as heirs to former Congressman Ron Paul as leaders in the liberty movement in Congress. Amash and Massie have firmly opposed reauthorization of the Patriot Act, have vigorously opposed indefinite detention and unconstitutional surveillance-state measures, and have championed pro-liberty causes such as auditing the Federal Reserve as a step towards eventually abolishing the Fed and restoring sound money, i.e. a gold-standard currency. 
Other incumbent constitutionalists such as Congressmen Alex Mooney of West Virginia and David Brat of Virginia easily won their races against their Democrat rivals. Congressmen Amash, Bratt, Massie, and Moonie have also expressed deep reservations about and oppostition to the TPP agreement advocated by both President Obama and House Speaker Ryan. 
In the Senate, Rand Paul was easily reelected with 57 percent of the vote, garnering over one million votes compared to Democrat challenger Jim Gray who received only 813,224 votes, 43-percent. Looking forward, Senator Paul optimistically told Fox News on Wednesday morning, “The one thing I’m excited about in the Trump presidency is I think in the very first weeks of this next Congress, the Republican Congress is going to repeal some regulations. I hope a half a dozen regulations or more and we’ll get them onto Trump’s desk and I think he’ll sign them.” 
In Wisconsin, in what was a rematch and ultimately a repeat of the 2010 U.S. Senate race, incumbent Republican Senator Ron Johnson defeated Democrat opponent former Senator Russ Feingold. Johnson’s reelection victory was an upset to Democrats who hoped to unseat him as part of an effort in one of five states they sought to flip from Red to Blue in order to regain control of the Senate. 
The only Republican loss in the Senate, which is hardly a loss for conservatism and constitutionalist principles, was in Illinois where RINO (Republican in name only) incumbent Senator Mark Kirk lost to two-term Democrat Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth. Kirk has the lowest Freedom Index score of any Republican in the U.S. Senate with a dismal 35-percent. He was defeated by Duckworth, who received 54 percent of the vote. 
As far as what to expect from the new Congress, Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky told reporters early Wednesday morning that repealing ObamaCare is a “pretty high item on our agenda, as you know.” McConnell went on to call President Obama’s landmark health insurance legislation the “single worst piece of legislation” from Obama’s first term. 
Trump’s victory, coupled with Republicans maintaining control of both chambers of Congress, sends a clear anti-establishment message to Washington that Americans want a cooperative Congress to work with a President Trump and Vice President Pence to finally and fully repeal ObamaCare, nominate constitutionalist judges to the Supreme Court, and put an end to anti-sovereignty trade deals such as the TPP, Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), Trade in Services Agreement (TiSa), and the still-under-negotiation and little-known U.S.-China Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT). Of course, none of this will happen without the same steadfast tenacity and commitment to contacting and urging Congress to take these appropriate steps as was utilized when working toward achieving these historic wins on Election Day. 
In a post-election message from The John Birch Society, Vice President of Communications Bill Hahn impassionedly stated: The John Birch Society has never been closer to victory as we are today. Think of the opportunity that has been afforded to us. Here we have a president that has been talking on many issues that we have called attention to, especially illegal immigration and trade agreements. When in recent memory have we had a presidential nominee even mention Americanism or advocating for scaling back our involvement within the UN? We all realize the faults that Trump has and where his views on issues differ but let’s not use that as an excuse to not get involved. If you are waiting for a better candidate or a better time in the future they do not exist. 
Hahn optimistically implored listeners and constitutionalist grassroots activists that “we have a tremendous opportunity to advance our action projects, turn the tide of globalism, and put our country back onto a track of less government, more responsibility, and with God’s help a better world.” Emphatically, Hahn urged activists to “place twice the amount of time, energy, money, and gusto into The John Birch Society than you did with this election. Your efforts paid off, so let’s double down and strike while the iron is hot.” 
With the obstructionist roadblock of a globalist Democrat president removed from the equation, the incoming 115th Congress has the potential of either moving in the constitutionalist direction or becoming a huge disappointment in the fight for liberty. Only time will tell whether the new Congress, in conjunction with President Donald Trump in the White House, will keep its campaign promises. One thing, however, is certain, as Hahn stressed: This is a tremendous opportunity for those seeking to roll back government and advance the cause of liberty. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
9075,Pepperdine University Removing Christopher Columbus Statue from Campus - Breitbart,"In reaction to student demands, Pepperdine University will remove the statue of Christopher Columbus from its campus. [School president Andrew Benton said they will “relocate the statue to the Pepperdine campus in Florence, Italy. ”  Benton announced the statue’s removal in a letter to students, The letter began: In 1992 a group of men and women representing the Columbus 500 Congress presented a statue of Christopher Columbus to Pepperdine University. For years the story of Columbus and the fascinating exploration that brought him to the new world was taught in schools across America. It was heroic and exciting.  Later, as the impact of the arrival of explorers was assessed more fully, especially as those impacts related to indigenous people, a different view formed. Today, for many, including those within our campus community, stories of conquest and the art associated therewith are painful reminders of loss and human tragedy. He went on to discuss the intentions of those who gave the statue to the school, describing them as “good men and women” and saying he knows they were not trying to “offend. ” Benton plans a meeting later in February where students can discuss the removal of the statue and “other national issues relevant to diversity on [Pepperdine] campuses. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
9076,"For Troubled Student, a Change of School and Direction - The New York Times","For Najairee Davis, high school was synonymous with bouts of anger and frustration. She had the hallway fights, suspensions and detention to prove it. Early in Ms. Davis’s high school career, her father was incarcerated on manslaughter charges. “I was just angry,” Ms. Davis, 18, recalled. “I wouldn’t talk to anybody. I wasn’t feeling good about anything. ” Academics were no longer a priority she shut everyone out. And if pressed on anything, she said, she would pick fights with classmates. Ms. Davis got a bad reputation at school, and said it was not long before teachers simply assumed she was to blame for any confrontation. Everyone else went unpunished, she said. Her principal at Frederick Douglass Academy in West Harlem suggested she might benefit from transferring to a different school, one designed for students who struggle in more traditional education settings. Her boyfriend had attended such a school, and compared the experience to being surrounded by a supportive family. “A family at school?” she recalled telling her boyfriend. “I’m not really into people that much. ” But in September 2015, Ms. Davis took a chance and enrolled at the Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service, a transfer school for students who are falling short of the credits they need to graduate. The school is a joint venture between New York City’s Education Department and Brooklyn Community Services, one of The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund’s eight beneficiary organizations. “I just felt like I wasn’t that excited about school anymore,” Ms. Davis said. “It wasn’t exciting to me anymore, until I came to Leadership. ” At her new school, she received support from teachers who were compassionate and understanding and knew every student by name. She was also assigned an advocate counselor, who was on call to help with problems Ms. Davis had outside school. It became clear, she said, that Leadership was going to be a different kind of place to learn. “I have to do better,” Ms. Davis said. “It can’t be like my old school. It has to be different. ” Her classmates became friends, not targets of fights. After she became pregnant last year and the pregnancy started to show, teachers and students did not judge her as she walked the halls, she said. Instead, they fawned over her baby bump and wanted to know about her baby shower. Ms. Davis gave birth to her son, Kyree Cooper, in July. “There’s not one day he doesn’t make me happy,” she said. Recently, she moved out of a home in Brownsville, Brooklyn, where she had lived with the grandmother who raised her. She moved in with Kyree’s father and grandfather. It was important that Ms. Davis’s grandmother not feel pressure to raise Kyree, she said. Ms. Davis earns money through a   internship with Educational Video Center, a program run by the Leadership school. “I don’t want to be depending on anyone,” she said. “Even if it isn’t the most money in the world, I want to get things for myself that I purchased with my   money. ” Brooklyn Community Services has continued to help. Recently, it used $300 in Neediest Cases funds to buy winter clothing for Ms. Davis and Kyree. Ms. Davis is on track to graduate by March. And she has fixed her sights on a career as an ultrasound technician. “After becoming pregnant, I felt that job was a good job,” she said. “I can be part of other people’s milestones, see their baby’s heartbeat for the first time. ” Newfound independence has so far proved more liberating than frightening. Even with the pitfalls of parenting she knows she will encounter, she said, she is determined to evolve and improve with each challenge she surmounts. “I just want to experience stuff on my own,” Ms. Davis said. “I want to make mistakes on my own. I know how it is having a parent saying, ‘That’s not how you do it.’ I want to learn that’s not how you do it. I want to try new things and be different. ” About her son, she said, “I want to raise him the way I want to raise him. ”",0
9077,What I Got Wrong About Donald Trump - The New York Times,"We will never know just how wrong we were about Donald Trump. Did he have a 1 percent chance to win when he descended the escalator of Trump Tower last June? Twenty percent? Or should we have known all along? Was Mr. Trump’s victory a black swan, the electoral equivalent of World War I or the Depression: an unlikely event with complex causes, some understood at the time but others overlooked, that came together in unexpected ways to produce a result that no one could have reasonably anticipated? Or did we simply underestimate Mr. Trump from the start? Did we discount him because we assumed that voters would never nominate a   star for president, let alone a provocateur with iconoclastic policy views like his? Did we put too much stock in “the party decides,” a theory about the role of party elites in influencing the outcome of the primary process? The answer, as best I can tell, is all of the above. I do think we  —   and specifically, I  —   underestimated Mr. Trump. There were bad assumptions, misinterpretations of the data, and missed connections all along the way. But I also think Mr. Trump was a tremendous long shot when he entered the race, and even for months thereafter. Victory wasn’t inevitable  —   and it took a lot to go his way. If there was anything that should have signaled that “this time would be different” from the very start, it was 17: the number of Republican candidates who entered the race. The sheer number kept many donors and officials on the sidelines, waiting to see who would emerge as a strong contender. It diffused whatever power the “party elite” had to influence the outcome. It created a huge collective action problem, in which none of the Republican candidates had a clear incentive to attack Mr. Trump  —   just their rivals for their niche of the Republican Party. The effect was to legitimize Mr. Trump as an ordinary candidate and to damage the others. And at just about every stage, there were too many candidates to mount a truly effective   effort. By New Hampshire, there were still nine. In South Carolina, there were six. On Super Tuesday, there were five. The race narrowed to three candidates only after   of all of the delegates to the Republican convention had been awarded. It became a    race only after Mr. Trump had effectively secured the nomination. Maybe Mr. Trump really did have a “ceiling” at various stages. There was evidence for it in public polling and in the actual results. We’ll never know. Another result of the large field was that Mr. Trump’s opposition was always far less organized and underfunded than it would otherwise have been. A candidate like Marco Rubio never had a chance to take advantage of the benefits that usually accompany elite support he didn’t have time. It was clear from the start that Jeb Bush was a weak establishment  . I never thought much of Mr. Rubio’s chances. And Scott Walker, on paper the best of the bunch, quickly raised doubts about his preparedness. It was also obvious that the “mainstream” candidates could face serious challenges on their flanks: from John Kasich on the left and Ted Cruz on the right. The notion that successful factional candidates could prevent a mainstream candidate from building a broad coalition was also discussed at several times, even in the specific context of Mr. Kasich. It’s basically what happened to Mitt Romney in 2008. But what wasn’t really discussed was what ultimately happened with Mr. Kasich. He was strong enough to prevent Mr. Rubio from consolidating the   of the Republican Party, costing him states like Virginia on Super Tuesday. But he wasn’t strong enough to become a plausible contender in his own right, like Mr. McCain in 2008. In the end, Mr. Kasich was strong enough only to block a viable mainstream candidate, leaving Mr. Cruz as the sole remaining candidate to defeat Mr. Trump. This, to me, is a “World War I” black swan advantage for Mr. Trump  —   parts of it were foreseeable, but not the totality of what ultimately happened. The failure of a broadly appealing candidate to break out left Mr. Trump with one rival: Mr. Cruz. I think we got a lot wrong about Mr. Trump, but I think we nailed Mr. Cruz. He was strongly opposed by party elites and had so little appeal to voters who didn’t consider themselves “very conservative” that he couldn’t win the nomination. It was a lucky break for Mr. Trump. Who knows what would have happened if Mr. Rubio hadn’t stumbled in that debate ahead of New Hampshire, and come in second instead of Mr. Kasich. Perhaps Mr. Kasich and Mr. Bush would have left the race, allowing Mr. Rubio to consolidate the   of the party  —   and maybe even win it all? We’ll never know. The first big article I wrote on the Republican race wasn’t about the importance of endorsements or party elites. It was about   Republicans. In recent cycles, they had backed the establishment against conservative candidates. They were a big reason I believed that an   candidate had an advantage against a conservative outsider, despite the turn toward Tea Party conservatives in Congress. Polling data showed they were well educated and moderate  —   natural allies for the establishment. To some extent, this view has been vindicated. Mr. Cruz, this year’s conservative outsider, was pummeled in the blue states. But it was completely wrong in a far more important sense: The Republicans in these states were no allies of the establishment, at least not against Mr. Trump. The   Republicans gave him his first win in New Hampshire, and later, they put him over the top. This could just be the result of a simple analytical error: conflating opposition to ideologically consistent conservatives with an affinity for   candidates. Or perhaps they would have voted against Mr. Trump if someone other than Mr. Cruz had been the principal opponent to Mr. Trump. Either way, I thought the party’s establishment could count on these voters, and instead they were among Mr. Trump’s strongest backers in the end. There’s an important lesson here: These aren’t liberal or moderate Rockefeller Republicans. These are voters who showed a surprising tolerance for Mr. Trump’s extreme comments on immigration, women and other issues. I didn’t consider myself that much of a “party decides” disciple at the beginning of the race, but I was sure of one thing: It would be extraordinarily hard to win if a candidate were deemed unacceptable by the party’s elected officials, donors and operatives. Such a candidate would lack the resources and staff to run an effective campaign. He or she would face both a chorus of vocal opposition from credible leaders and a   fight to the end. In the end, Mr. Trump didn’t face many of the challenges that outsiders usually do. His limited resources were irrelevant  —   he had unlimited free media. His weakness at delegate selection conventions could have cost him the nomination, but he ultimately won enough contests to ensure victory. An even bigger surprise was the complete failure of Republican elites to firmly and consistently denounce Mr. Trump. It’s why I thought he was done after his comments dismissing John McCain’s status as a war hero I thought a “chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous comments and the more liberal elements of his record” would follow, but it simply didn’t. It never did. The Republican elite treated Mr. Trump as it would have treated a fairly ordinary candidate, even as he said extraordinary things. That’s a big part of why he won. I did not expect that the party would cede its biggest prize to an outsider who had so many dissenting policy views and who faced so many questions about his fitness for the presidency. Maybe because I never cared much about pop culture and don’t watch much television, I never would have guessed that Mr. Trump would be able to sustain nonstop dominance of television media for the entire campaign season. The tremendous news media coverage of Mr. Trump was a big reason he looked like a “boom, bust” candidate, like Herman Cain in 2012. But Mr. Trump’s media coverage never faded. If you had told me about the persistence of the coverage, I wouldn’t have dismissed his chances. After all, the media was the fuel of his rise from the start. Mr. Trump benefited from party rules and a calendar that made it far easier for him to win the nomination. If the Republicans had delegate rules like those of the Democrats, Mr. Trump would not yet be the nominee. He would be counting on superdelegates. He was also helped by this year’s calendar.   of all of the delegates were awarded in the 45 days after Iowa, making it important for the party to narrow the field quickly in a year when it was not positioned to do so. Even when it looked as if Mr. Rubio might benefit from unified Republican support, he had only a week for   and to try to build a strong organization ahead of Super Tuesday. With the calendar from 2012, he would have had five weeks. We were just overconfident. There haven’t been very many presidential elections in the modern era of primaries. There certainly haven’t been enough to rule out the possibility that a true outsider could win the nomination, even if it seemed very incongruent with what had happened in the   era. That’s a lesson to keep in mind heading into the general election.",0
9078,Seth Meyers Takes ‘A Closer Look’ At The GOP’s Threats Against Hillary And It’s Terrifying! (VIDEO),"By Allison Vincent Election 2016 , News , Politics , Right-Wing Terrorism , Videos November 4, 2016 Seth Meyers Takes ‘A Closer Look’ At The GOP’s Threats Against Hillary And It’s Terrifying! (VIDEO)   
There are only a few days left in this election and Republicans are growing more and more desperate, using what Seth Meyers called “increasingly unhinged rhetoric” during Thursday’s Late Night segment of A Closer Look. 
“‘Republicans are using increasingly unhinged rhetoric to warn about the consequences of electing Hillary,’ Meyers said. ‘Many are even threatening to impeach her without any evidence of a crime before she ever takes office and if they can’t do that, they’ll settle for the next best thing – preventing her from filling any vacancy on the Supreme Court for her entire four year term.'” 
But that’s not all they’ve done — there have also been more death threats and calls to violence. Former Congressman Joe Walsh, who, like Donald Trump, enjoys Twitter WAY more than he should, tweeted this on November 1: 
Another shocking GOP turn is from Ted Cruz, who just a few short months ago, during his speech at the RNC, refused to endorse Trump, but just today he hopped on Trump’s plane to go campaign for him in Iowa. This, after Trump accused Cruz’s father of killing JFK and also said horrible things about his wife. Remember that “baked bean teeth” comment Trump made? Yeah. Just plain nasty. 
It’s really unfortunate that Cruz caved, but the GOP is so terrified of losing control, that they are willing to forget their own pride and pull out all the stops to keep Clinton out of office. 
Watch Seth Meyers break it all down. It’s pretty terrifying. 
Featured Image via video screenshot Share this Article!",0
9079,Hillary’s “Big Tent” is Obama’s “Grand Bargain” on Steroids,"2016 presidential campaign by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
Barack Obama tried to woo Republicans into a “Grand Bargain” that would have gutted Social Security. Bill Clinton let loose the banks. But Donald Trump’s destruction of the Republican Party will allow Hillary Clinton to “gather the whole of the ruling class under the same party banner, in one Big Tent, where the grandest of bargains can be conceived and achieved without crossing an aisle.” The rich are about to get their best deal yet. Hillary’s “Big Tent” is Obama’s “Grand Bargain” on Steroids by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“ The exodus from the GOP has suddenly transformed the Democratic Party into the primary political instrument of the ruling class.” 
When Donald Trump took a wrecking ball to the Republican Party he provided the unexpected catalyst for completion of the corporate project begun by Bill Clinton, Al Gore and other white Democrats in the 1980s, with the founding of the Democratic Leadership Council (DLC). To counter relentless attrition of whites to the GOP in their home states, these beleaguered, mostly southern Democrats sought national corporate funding to turn their party decisively to the right. They reckoned, correctly, that a steady stream of corporate capital would allow them to control the new wave of Black voters and politicians that had been mobilized by Rev. Jesse Jackson’s two presidential campaigns, while strengthening the hand of the South in national Democratic Party calculations. 
Bill Clinton became the first DLC president in 1992, and moved swiftly and methodically to narrow the ideological differences between the duopoly parties. He completed much of Ronald Reagan’s agenda, claiming it as his own; destroyed welfare “as we knew it”; vastly expanded the mass Black Incarceration regime; pushed NAFTA through Congress over the objections of majorities in his own party; engineered the corporate monopolization of broadcast media; and removed the last safety straps from Wall Street banks. 
“Clinton arranged the deployment of thousands of foreign jihadists to Bosnia and Kosovo.” 
In foreign affairs, Clinton initiated what was to become the doctrine of “humanitarian” military intervention, dismantling and partially occupying the socialist nation of Yugoslavia. In the process, Clinton arranged the deployment of thousands of foreign jihadists to Bosnia and Kosovo, thus keeping operational the network created by the U.S., Saudi Arabia and Pakistan during the previous decade in Afghanistan. In Africa, Clinton conspired with Uganda and exiled Tutsi rebels to overthrow the Hutu majority government in Rwanda, setting off a bloodbath in 1994, followed two years later by an invasion of Congo that has killed more than six million people -- and still counting. 
Barack Obama was the second DLC president (although he lies about his membership). He, too, moved with unseemly haste to reach a “Grand Bargain” with the GOP -- not of necessity, since he had won a huge electoral mandate with the overwhelming financial backing of Wall Street, but as a matter of ideological principle. In January of 2009, before even taking the oath of office, Obama told the editorial boards of the New York Times and the Washington Post that all “entitlements,” including Medicare and Social Security, would be “ on the table ” for cutting in his administration. Obama’s first project, now considered the centerpiece of his legacy, was to resurrect the rightwing Heritage Foundation’s corporate health insurance scheme, adopted by Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole in 1996, and made into state law by Republican Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, in 2006. Obama’s Affordable Care Act was, literally, written by lobbyists for the insurance and drug industries, and is now collapsing like a poorly constructed house at the end of its mortgage. 
“For the better part of two years Obama debased himself, all but begging the Republicans to consummate his ‘Grand Bargain.’” 
With the Democratic majority in Congress in no mood to tamper with Social Security and Medicare, Obama tried to maneuver the targeted entitlements into a financial crisis trap. He named two dependable reactionaries, Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles, as co-chairmen of his National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility, also called the Commission on Deficit Reduction. They dutifully recommended $4 trillion in budget cuts, mostly to social programs, including cuts to Social Security. Although the full commission did not endorse the chairs’ recommendations, and the Congress failed to pass bills modeled on the document, Obama used the Simpson-Bowles formula as a basis for negotiating what he hoped would be a “bipartisan” (GOP plus Obama and a minority of Democrats) massacre of entitlements. For the better part of two years Obama debased himself, all but begging the Republicans to consummate his “Grand Bargain.” Congressional Black Caucus chairman Emanuel Cleaver, of Kansas City, called the deal a “ Satan’s Sandwich ,” but Obama continued to pursue a political marriage made in hell until the 2012 reelection campaign clock called a halt to the spectacle. 
“A de facto super-party of the bourgeoisie.” 
The quest for a Grand Bargain was Barack Obama’s failed attempt to best Bill Clinton in erasing the distinctions between the two major parties – to create a de facto super-party of the bourgeoisie. It was the Republicans who ran away from the altar. And the Democrats did eat much of the Satan’s Sandwich, through sequestration and austerity that ravaged social programs by other means. 
Why did the Republicans reject the deal? Although both halves of the duopoly ultimately answer to Wall Street, the Republicans, like any other party, have an institutional interest in winning office. It is true that Obama had crafted a deal that any Republican would love, but it was still his deal, and he planned to run for reelection as an historical dealmaker. Probably just as importantly, the Republican Party is the White Man’s party, meaning, white supremacy is its organizing principle, central to its identity among much of the masses. To embrace Obama, no matter how advantageous to their big business patrons, was a hug too far for the GOP. Racism doomed the Grand Bargain – Hallelujah! 
A New, Bigger Bargain 
Recently released Wikileaks emails reveal Hillary Clinton speaking to bankers at Morgan Stanley in 2013, a year after the debacle. “The Simpson-Bowles framework and the big elements of it were right,” she said. 
Thanks to Donald Trump’s demolition of the Republican Party, the conditions have been created for Hillary Clinton, as DLC President #3, to achieve what #1 and #2 could not: gather the whole of the ruling class under the same party banner, in one Big Tent, where the grandest of bargains can be conceived and achieved without crossing an aisle. With most of the ruling class and its attendants having vacated the building, the Republican Party has been reduced to Donald Trump and his “deplorables,” as Hillary calls them. Trump’s opposition to corporate trade deals violated the Holy Grail against prohibiting capitalists from moving money and jobs around the world as they see fit, and his reluctance to support regime change as an inherent right of American exceptionalism has frightened and outraged the military industrial complex, the national security establishment, and all sectors dependent on the maintenance of empire. 
“An inherently unstable arrangement.” 
Clinton’s Big Tent is not a temporary, election season dwelling. It is how she plans to govern. The exodus from the GOP has suddenly transformed the Democratic Party into the primary political instrument of the ruling class, while at the same time the party nominally represents most of the folks who are abused and misused by that ruling class. It is an inherently unstable arrangement, and will soon be wracked by splits, as a post-Trump GOP attempts to lure its fat cats back and the darker and poorer constituencies consigned to the latrine area of Hillary’s high class tent break to the Left for air. 
But in the interim, Clinton will have a unique opportunity to cut grand austerity deals with all the “big elements” of Simpson-Bowles, to renege on her corporate trade promises, and to wage war with great gusto in the name of a “united” country. Ever since the Democratic National Convention it has been clear that the Clintonites are encouraged to consider everyone outside of their grand circle to be suspect, subversive, or depraved. Their inclusive rhetoric is really an invocation of a ruling class consensus, now that Trump has supposedly brought the ruling class together under one banner. In Hillary’s tent, the boardrooms are always in session. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
9080,"Stung By Clinton Allegations, Trump Claims He Used No Undocumented Workers in DC Hotel","By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 7:56 am Trump used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower and workers told The Washington Post in 2015 they were working on his hotel illegally   
So Donald Trump has responded to Hillary Clinton’s accusation that he used undocumented workers to build his new D.C. hotel, a 263-room luxury hotel just blocks from the White House. Trump claims he used no undocumented workers – and as we saw earlier , oh yeah, Hillary Clinton sleeps three days at a time. 
Trump’s decision to attend the grand opening rather than campaign raised many eyebrows, not just in the Clinton camp. Republican strategist Steve Schmidt told MSNBC, 
“He is not doing any of the normal activities that you’d be doing 13 days out in a presidential race for somebody who’s competitive. You don’t take a time-out to tend to your business interests.” 
As Libby Nelson wrote at Vox , “Clinton is making her closing argument. Trump is making infomercials.” 
All this seems to have stung the thin-skinned Trump, who previously set aside his campaign to open a golf course in Scotland. As CBS News’ Sopan Deb tweets , Trump’s defense was a little odd, to say the least: Trump's riff on his hotel is worth your time to read. Denies ever using undocumented immigrants and says Clinton sleeps for 3 days at a time pic.twitter.com/Rlsbebzk2Y 
— Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 27, 2016 
The Republican nominee protested to CNN’s Dana Bash , “For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop, and then she goes home and sleeps.” It is literally impossible for Trump to hear criticism without responding by attacking somebody else. 
Trump’s defense reveals a man who is overly sensitive to criticism: he “works all the time” while Clinton sleeps “for three days.” He says he took “an hour off” (it was a bit more than that) to open his new hotel while “she wants to sleep all the time.” 
He says Clinton gives one speech and then sleeps for three days. In fact, Clinton made two “Get Out the Vote” stops in Florida yesterday; she makes an appearance with the president and first lady today in North Carolina and has two appearances scheduled in Iowa for the day after. 
And Trump’s heated denial of using undocumented workers is unconvincing, considering his track record in that regard. 
It is a fact, as Hillary Clinton said yesterday, that Donald Trump “once again” used undocumented labor to build a hotel. He used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower . And The Washington Post reports that “Trump’s new downtown D.C. hotel was built thanks to the efforts of a large workforce that included Hispanic construction workers, including some workers who say they are undocumented .” Said one worker in 2015, “The majority of us are Hispanics, many who came illegally.” 
The old saw about the man who protests too much comes to mind, in reading Trump’s denial. This is a man who has a history of exploiting undocumented immigrants and according to the workers themselves, this remains true. 
Nonsensical talk about his opponent sleeping for three days straight is pure deflection, and it won’t work. Trump already has his clothing lines made in China, Mexico, and elsewhere, and he has used undocumented labor even while railing against the loss of American jobs. 
Trump is a hypocrite, and hissy fits and deflection are no answer to the allegations against him, and certainly no recommendation for the office of president.",0
9081,"Re: Don’t CLICK that, stupid! Is this email from March 2016 where #PodestaEmails21 and others started?","Don’t CLICK that, stupid! Is this email from March 2016 how ‘hackers’ accessed #PodestaEmails21 and others? Posted at 11:22 am on October 28, 2016 by Sam J. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Baby Boomers and the Interwebz. 
Dear John and other people who have been living under a rock, Google wouldn’t send you an email called, “Someone has your password.” Likely it would be a message about a possible breach or some urgency about changing your password but they wouldn’t send you something like this. 
And never, EVER EVER EVER click a link in an email, especially if it’s one you don’t recognize. Okay – is this a copy of the phishing email to Podesta on March 19? pic.twitter.com/1jqUvafUpk 
— Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) October 28, 2016 
A bit.ly link for you to click to change your password. 
John, don’t be stupid. 
Couldn’t someone in Homeland Security or the NSA or one of those other fancy Federal agencies have taken some time to tell these people the do’s and don’t of being online? *smh* @jamiedupree Actually, wait, I didn't see the bit.ly link. (and I ain't gonna fire it up to see!) Could be the phish, yeah. 
Typically most people are apprehensive to click a bit.ly link from someone they KNOW, let alone some odd email from Google telling you someone has your password. Trending It's official, she's NUTS! Donna Brazile thinks Democrats can turn THIS state blue (hint: no way in Hell) 
*don’t click it* @jamiedupree That's likely it… check out where the bitly link goes: https://t.co/yKjaZzCxo9 (Chrome warns the site is malicious.) pic.twitter.com/7WACDWQwfS 
— Kyle Wilson (@nosliwelyk) October 28, 2016 
Yikes. Shocked Kyle clicked it … hope he didn’t have anything signed in or important in that browser or app. @jamiedupree Most definitely. For many reasons. One being that google does not use @Bitly 
— SETH WEATHERS (@sethweathers) October 28, 2016 
Surely Podesta is like, “NOW YOU TELL ME.” 
Heh. @jamiedupree Looks like 'that sort of thing',However,",0
9082,Where’s The Media? A BOMBSHELL Is Being Ignored!,"
So you want to talk to Mark Cuban on the latest Hillary email thing eh? 
You ought to try someone with a bit of credibility. You see, Mark Cuban is not ignorant and his appearance this morning on CNBC did not contain “mistakes.” 
He was lying. 
This “newly discovered” laptop is very likely to be literal nuclear waste for Hillary and everyone around her, including the Clinton Foundation and all of Hillary’s “advisers” such as Podesta. 
Mark Cuban said that Huma used Outlook and IMAP (for Yahoo and similar.) True.
But then he said this was unlikely to lead to “new” evidence in the form of the emails.
That’s a lie .
It’s a lie because Cuban knows he’s full of crap; he knows enough about the technologies involved to be fully aware that he was peddling nonsense.
IMAP and Exchange are email protocols. (So is POP3, but that’s pretty much deprecated everywhere for good reason.) Exchange, when available, is often preferred by business people because it syncs not just email but also calendars and contact lists, which can (and does) include both phone numbers and email addresses.
IMAP is typically used by clients like Thunderbird because it doesn’t know to speak Exchange. There’s a plug-in for calendars using the davical protocol and another (the SoGo connector) for contacts, but no integrated Exchange support.
Outlook can use IMAP, but where the server supports it (like Clinton’s “homebrewed” email server) Exchange would normally be used instead as a preferred choice. It both does more and also does a far better job of threading conversations (which is very convenient) and thus is almost-always preferred when it is available.
Here’s the problem for the Clintons: Both of these protocols will sync any folder they are told to monitor and can be told to pull local copies of emails . By default both will typically do so on a desktop or laptop environment because WiFi is usually available and it has enough bandwidth to make that efficient. Mobile devices sometimes are configured to only grab email headers by default but increasingly, with 4g service, they’re set up to get full messages too, sometimes including all attachments. 
The reason to do this is that it is a lot faster to search messages locally than over the wire, and it’s convenient to be able to search messages. In addition pulling full copies (including attachments) allows you to work offline (when there’s no WiFi or other network available), and then re-sync when you get back in range.
Here’s the problem for Hillary — when the server had emails deleted and then was “Bleached” it had already been taken offline and was never returned to service . As such the laptop client would have been unable to connect back to it and thus it would never be told to remove anything. 
Without that machine (Weiner’s laptop) being under remote administration such as Domain Policy control (which we can reasonably assume it was not as Huma claims “she didn’t know about it” and it was allegedly a private laptop) there is no remote capability to wipe or otherwise get into said computer and remove the emails either. In fact there’s a decent chance it’s running an operating system edition (if Windows) that lacks domain control capability entirely. 
This means that the odds are extremely high that all of the deleted emails to which Huma was a participant are on that computer. 
Every.
Single.
One. 
If that examination shows that work product, or worse, classified information was sent and/or received and the evidence intentionally destroyed via the “Bleachbit” process then everyone involved is cooked. Remember, the claim was that the emails deleted were nothing more than yoga chat and similar; all “personal” content that the government had no right to and implicated no national security interest. Further, Huma claimed twice (once during her exit from State, and again under oath when questioned) that she had turned over all devices that might or did have US Government work product on them and had retained no copies .
If that is proved to be a lie, or worse, proof of felony conduct such as influence peddling or (God forbid for them) something like the rumored link to Epstein’s Lolita Express is found in those archives then a whole bunch of people are going straight to prison not only on the original acts evidenced in the emails themselves but also on felony obstruction of justice and perjury charges. 
Yes, folks, this is a very big deal because it is the first discovery of a computer that appears to have been sync’d against the Clinton server but was neither tampered with or destroyed , and thus it likely contains all of the pertinent evidence to which Huma was a part.
I argue that the media is lying and soliciting others to lie. Mark Cuban knows all of this as he’s well-aware of how email works on the Internet. I’m aware of it too, having run an ISP during the early 1990s, having run corporate, personal and ISP-level email servers both before and since up to and including the present day, and I can confidently state that unless someone took affirmative action to alter the record the odds are extremely high that every single email chain Huma participated in is likely on that laptop, whether Hillary and her friends tried to delete it or not. 
I’m a subject matter expert in this regard folks. 
Yeah, CNBC, I’m not your biggest fan. But you (and the rest of the media) know damn well I can get to a studio in about an hour and a half and if you call I will be happy to don a suit (ok, at least the top half that the camera can see) and scoot on over to correct the record from a technical level on exactly what has been found and what is likely now in both the FBI’s and the NY State Police/NYPD’s hands. 
Consider this an open invite to any of the MSM folks to do exactly that; you folks all still have my phone number and I can only conclude it hasn’t rung because you are not interested in the truth from someone who has the technical competence to explain it to your viewers. 
Report the news, media wonks, instead of trying to shape it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Karl Denninger of Market Ticker . 
Karl Denninger is the author of Leverage: How Cheap Money Will Destroy the World . You can follow his daily commentary on capital markets at The Market Ticker and his weekly Ticker Guy Blog Talk Radio broadcasts. ",0
9083,Coptic Victim of Attack on Egypt Christians Renovated Mosque for Free Before His Death,"Among those killed last Friday in an attack on Coptic Christians that resulted in 30 deaths was    Atef Mounir Zaki, who had recently renovated a local mosque for free. [According to Coptic academic Iz Tawfiq, who spoke with the website Al Arabiya, Zaki was a renovations contractor from the town of Abou Karkass in the Minia district where the attack on a bus of Coptic pilgrims occurred last Friday. Zaki was also used to provide equipment and workers to construction sites.  Several months ago, when the Altaqwa Mosque in his city needed renovations due to cracks that endangered the structure, Zaki was asked by the mosque’s managers to do the required work. Zaki agreed and, according to witnesses, did the best job possible. Upon completion of the task, when the managers wanted to pay for the work, Zaki refused to take the money and said, according to Tawfiq, that he “contributed to the renovation of a house belonging to Allah” and his work “was a contribution for Allah. ” According to the report, he wasn’t killed in the bus itself because he traveled to the monastery where the Coptic pilgrims’ bus was headed in his private vehicle. During their escape from the area of the attack, and after a malfunction in their vehicle, a number of terrorists stopped Zaki and shot him and those with him in the car before stealing his vehicle and using it to flee. According to the Al Arabiya report, Zaki’s funeral was very large and attended by many Muslims.   Copts, including many children, were killed in the attack. Almost all the deaths occurred after armed men disguised as Egyptian security personnel stopped the bus on its way to the St. Samuel the Confessor Monastery in the Minia district south of Cairo.",0
9084,Tesla Earnings Smash Expectations After Dramatic Change In Reporting Methodology | Zero Hedge,"Oct 26, 2016 4:26 PM 0 SHARES 
There was a sudden burst of confusion heading into today's Tesla earnings. As Bloomberg reported , a change in the way Tesla Motors Inc. will report quarterly results after today’s market close has created a bit of a last-minute headache for analysts, with earnings estimates varying widely. The electric-car maker is phasing out most of the non-GAAP adjustments it’s traditionally made, including ones for resale value guarantees or vehicles leased through banking partners. Starting today, when the company discusses third-quarter adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share, it plans to exclude only stock-based compensation. 
The SEC in recent months has raised concern that public companies may be straying too far too often from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Though Tesla has telegraphed its plan for weeks, many analysts are only now revising forecast models and some are sitting out the guessing game entirely this time. That means it may be challenging to draw firm conclusions about whether Tesla missed or beat Wall Street expectations - giving added importance to what Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk says on a follow-up conference call about cash or production plans. 
So heading into today's earnings, the average estimate in a Bloomberg survey of analysts stands at an adjusted loss of 54 cents a share, based on seven forecasts that have comparable methodologies that the firms say take the new practice into account. While all seven of those projected a loss, there are others who say the company may post a profit. 
Well, those who expected a profit got just that, because momnets ago Tesla not only reported revenue of $2.3 billion, far higher than the $1.9 billion expected, but also reported its first quarterly profit of $74 cents, smashing consensus estimate of a 54 cent loss. 
Since there will be much confusion over how these numbers make any sense, here is what the company said: 
Starting this quarter, our financial releases no longer include the non-GAAP revenue disclosures that we historically provided. To simplify our financial reporting, we add back non-cash stock-based compensation (SBC) to calculate non-GAAP results. Consistent with previous quarters, non-GAAP automotive gross margin will also exclude ZEV credit sales. 

Total Q3 GAAP revenue was $2.30 billion, up 145% from Q3 2015, while total Q3 gross margin was 27.7%, compared to 21.6% in Q2. 

Total automotive revenue was $2.15 billion on a GAAP basis, up 152% from Q3 2015. Our final Q3 delivery count was 24,821, over 300 more than the estimated delivery count we shared on October 2nd. Deliveries increased 114% from the third quarter of 2015, and was comprised of 16,047 Model S and 8,774 Model X vehicles. In addition, 5,065 vehicles were in transit to customers at the end of the quarter. These vehicles will be delivered in Q4. 

Our Q3 GAAP net income was $22 million, or $0.14 per share on 157 million diluted shares, while our non-GAAP net income was $111 million, or $0.71 per share on a diluted basis, after adding back $90 million of SBC. Both figures include an $0.08 per share loss of other expense, net, primarily related to foreign currency transactions and the conversion of most of our 2018 convertible notes. 
Confused? So are we, and sadly charting the results does not help: 

And here are the company's GAAP revenues: 

Alas, even looking at the company's cash flow does not provide much apples to apples color. Here's why: 
We hope that Elon Musk can provide some clarity on just what is going on here, because Wall Street has no idea. 
* * * 
Going back to its core business, said that its final Q3 delivery count was 24,821, over 300 more than the estimated delivery count we shared on October 2nd. "" Deliveries increased 114% from the third quarter of 2015, and was comprised of 16,047 Model S and 8,774 Model X vehicles. In addition, 5,065 vehicles were in transit to customers at the end of the quarter. These vehicles will be delivered in Q4."" 
It added the following: 
During the quarter, we opened 17 new stores and service centers to increase our customer support network to 250 locations globally. We believe new product variants such as the P100DL, additional Model X seating variants, new product capabilities such as Enhanced Autopilot and hardware for Full Self-Driving Capability, Autopilot 8.0 software, and new store and service center openings should continue to drive strong vehicle order growth. 
The company also said that it had ""achieved record production levels in Q3, rising to 25,185 vehicles for an increase of 37% from Q2 and an increase of 92% from Q3 last year"" 
TSLA said 4Q deliveries were “just over” 25k, had 3Q deliveries of 24.5k, forecast 2H deliveries of 50k. The company also said that the Model 3 remains on plan for volume deliveries in second half of 2017. Here is the full outlook: 
We maintain our guidance of 50,000 new vehicle deliveries for the second half of 2016, with a Q4 plan of just over 25,000 deliveries, despite the challenges of winter weather and the holiday season. We expect about 30% to 35% of these deliveries to be accounted for as leases for revenue recognition purposes. 

As previously provided in our second quarter update, we guided a 2 to 3 percentage points improvement in automotive gross margin on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis by the end of 2016. Automotive gross margin on a non-GAAP basis excludes ZEV credits and SBC. We are on track to meet this guidance. 

We also guided in our second quarter update that full year 2016 operating expenses, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, would grow approximately 30% from 2015. We are also on track to meet this guidance. 

We now expect our capital expenditures in 2016 will be approximately $1.8 billion as we continue to focus on capital efficiency. Capital expenditures for the past three quarters totaled $759 million. 
While an apples-to-apples analysis is clearly missing the report, for now the algos love the headline, and have sent the stock surging after hours. ",0
9086,Two Points About the Hillary Clinton Email Fiasco,"Much is being made of Hillary Clinton’s private email server, which she used when she was Secretary of State. To me, the real issue is not that Hillary endangered national security by sending classified information in the clear. No – the real issue is that the Clintons act as if they are above the rules and laws that apply to “the little people.” They are superior and smug, totally devoted to themselves and their pursuit of power and the privileges that come with it. It’s a matter of character, in other words. Hillary’s evasiveness, her lack of transparency, her self-righteousness, her strong sense of her own rectitude, make her a dangerous candidate for the presidency.
My second point is this: The issue of classification should be turned on its head. The real issue is not that Hillary potentially revealed secrets. No – the real issue is that our government keeps far too much from us. Our government uses security classification not so much to keep us safe, but to keep the national security state safe – safe from the eyes of the American people.

As The Guardian reported in 2013 :
“A committee established by Congress, the Public Interest Declassification Board, warned in December that rampant over-classification is ‘imped[ing] informed government decisions and an informed public’ and, worse, ‘enabl[ing] corruption and malfeasance’. In one instance it documented, a government agency was found to be classifying one petabyte of new data every 18 months, the equivalent of 20m filing cabinets filled with text.”
Nowadays, seemingly everything is classified. And if it’s classified, if it’s secret, we can’t know about it. Because we can’t be trusted with it. That’s a fine idea for an autocracy or dictatorship, but not so fine for a democracy.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people? Impossible when nearly everything of any importance is classified.
Too bad Hillary didn’t send everything in the clear – what a service she would have done for the American people and for democracy!
William J. Astore is a retired lieutenant colonel (USAF). He taught history for fifteen years at military and civilian schools and blogs at Bracing Views . He can be reached at wastore@pct.edu . Reprinted from Bracing Views with the author’s permission. 
",0
9087,Christians Look What Has Happened In Houston In 2014 and Today in Georgia,"Christians Look What Has Happened In Houston In 2014 and Today in Georgia   Tweet 
Pastor Steve Riggle addresses his congregation at the Grace Community Church in Houston. Riggle was one of five pastors who received a subpoena from Houston’s city government asking him to turn over any sermon that addressed homosexuality, gender identity or Mayer Annise Parker. On Nov. 2, Grace Church will host the “I Stand Sunday” event where Christians nationwide will show their support for the pastors. 
Although much has been reported regarding the ethics and legality behind the city of Houston’s subpoena of five Houston-area pastors that had asked them to turn over all of their sermons that address homosexuality, gender identity, and the city’s first openly-lesbian mayor, little attention has been given to who those five pastors actually are and the ministries they operate. 
So I guess they have spies going to church , this is beyond anything I ever thought I would see in my life time , freedom of religion I guess is for WHO 
Georgia Demands Pastor Surrender Sermons After Filing Federal Religious Discrimination Claim Read more at 
http://www.christianpost.com/news/georgia-demands-pastor-surrender-sermons-after-filing-federal-religious-discrimination-claim-171121/#EHpqdCx2v1cPGXo9.99 
This is the moment I wrote about in my book, “God Less America.” I predicted that the government would one day try to silence American pastors. I warned that under the guise of “tolerance and diversity” elected officials would attempt to deconstruct religious liberty. 
Sadly, that day arrived sooner than even I expected.",0
9088,"Raghuram Rajan, India’s Departing Central Banker, Has a New Warning - The New York Times","MUMBAI, India  —   Three years before the 2008 global financial crisis, an Indian economist named Raghuram G. Rajan presciently warned a skeptical audience of top economic thinkers that excessive risk threatened the entire global financial system. As Mr. Rajan stepped down on Sunday as India’s top central banker, following intense criticism at home, he offered a new warning: Low interest rates globally could distort markets and would be difficult to abandon. Countries around the world, including the United States and Europe, have kept interest rates low as a way to encourage growth. But countries could become “trapped” by fear that when they eventually raised rates, they “would see growth slow down,” he said. Low interest rates should not be a substitute for “other instruments of policy” and “various kinds of reforms” that are needed to encourage growth, Mr. Rajan said in a recent interview with The New York Times. “Often when monetary policy is really easy, it becomes the residual policy of choice,” he said, when deeper reforms are needed. His warning comes at a time when the world’s central banks appear to be at a loss about how to get global growth moving again. A growing number of voices say that low rates are not doing the job and that governments must take other, more politically difficult steps to reinvigorate growth. The warning by Mr. Rajan, now 53, came as he stepped down from a position that had helped make him something of a rock star  —   albeit a controversial one  —   in India. He disputed the view that his tight monetary policies had cost him the support of the government, and he said that his departure was based on his inability to reach an agreement with the government on serving longer but not serving another full   term. Mr. Rajan is a celebrity in a country where taxi drivers and vegetable sellers are as likely as business owners and bankers to be immersed in debate on the local economy. A blunt speaker who has laid out the case for tighter monetary policies in more than 30 public speeches over the last three years, he was called “the Ranbir Kapoor of banking,” a reference to a Bollywood superstar, by one of the country’s   columnists. Mr. Rajan, whose term expired on Sunday, is credited with helping stabilize the Indian economy. It was fighting   inflation, a weakening of its currency and a plunging stock market when he took the job in 2013. But he also leaves bruised after a barrage of public attacks from the political base of conservatives and   interests of India’s governing Bharatiya Janata Party. They complained that he choked business by keeping interest rates high and requiring banks to clean up bad debts, which made credit expensive and hard to come by. The attacks turned vicious and personal in the weeks before Mr. Rajan announced in June that he would not continue for a second term, with a B. J. P. lawmaker declaring that Mr. Rajan was “mentally not fully Indian,” in part because he holds a United States green card, allowing him to work and live there. Narendra Modi, India’s prime minister, later denounced the attacks, but only after Mr. Rajan said he was leaving the job. With Mr. Modi preparing for contentious local elections, some observers have said the government did not want Mr. Rajan to stay because it needed a looser monetary policy to bolster growth. India has the   large economy in the world, at an annual rate of 7. 1 percent for the most recent quarter, but that is still far slower than the rate of a decade ago and not fast enough to create jobs for the more than one million people who enter the work force each month. Mr. Modi won election in 2014 promising economic growth and jobs. Mr. Rajan, leaning back in his chair and laughing at times during the interview, disputed that claim. “I don’t think it’s fair to say that it’s because of tight policy that the government wanted to move on,” he said. He cited the government’s move after he announced his departure to set a low inflation target of 4 percent for the next five years. He said his successor, Urjit Patel, a central bank deputy governor who takes over this week, played an important role in setting the country’s tough inflation targets. Mr. Modi has said little in public about Mr. Rajan’s departure except to defend him as “someone who loves his country” and “will continue to serve it. ” Mr. Modi’s spokesman declined in a telephone interview on Sunday to explain why Mr. Rajan was leaving, other than to say: “There is a tenure and the tenure has ended. Why should the prime minister of India even be brought into this discussion?” Mr. Rajan said his tight monetary policy had helped bring India’s rate of inflation  —   currently about 6 percent  —   down to the upper end of the government’s target range. “I think we’ve done exactly what was needed,” he said. Mr. Rajan said the central bank should continue to prioritize low inflation. He said he hoped the country would finish “the process of bank cleanup which is underway. ” Under Mr. Rajan, India’s banks, after decades of loose lending to corporations, had to own up to bad debts. The restriction was intended to shore up the   stability of banks, but in the short term it has reduced the pace of lending to businesses. In discussing the Indian economy in the interview, Mr. Rajan offered a    endorsement of the government’s emphasis on manufacturing in India  —   what the prime minister has called his Make in India campaign. Mr. Rajan said he did not support the view of critics that it was too late in world economic history for India to become a manufacturing hub. But he also said that he would not focus exclusively on manufacturing as the solution to joblessness. If India improves infrastructure and reduces government regulations, manufacturing might take off in a big way, but it “could also be services. It could be   agriculture also. ” Although China’s economy has overshadowed India’s in recent decades, Mr. Rajan said he was still a believer in democracy as the better system to create   growth. “India’s strengths to some extent comes also from its democracy,” he said. “Things can get bad in India, but not beyond a certain point, because the democratic process asserts itself. And we have a change in government. ” Mr. Rajan, who served as chief economist of the International Monetary Fund from 2003 to 2006, will return to his longtime job as a professor at the University of Chicago’s business school. He grew momentarily wistful when comparing the job of central bank governor with his past positions, which were more advisory. “So better to be a doer than an adviser. Of course being an adviser sometimes has effects, important effects, but you don’t see it as much immediately. Here you can see what you’re doing and in the years to come. ”",0
9089,Just In Case: Preparing for the Evening and Day After Election 2016,"Just In Case: Preparing for the Evening and Day After Election 2016   Tweet 
by James Wesley, Rawles | SurvivalBlog 
There is a substantial risk that Hillary “Hitlery” Clinton will become our next President. She is notoriously anti-gun, and has made many promises to her gun-grabbing campaign donors to give “gun control” (read: civilian disarmament) her top priority. 
Consider the guidance in this article just a contingency. You can simply ignore it, if Donald Trump is elected. (Since he is outspokenly pro-gun.) But if Clinton is indeed elected, then gun, ammunition, and magazine prices will surely start to rise immediately. And by the time she actually takes office, prices might well have already doubled or tripled, and shortages of some item–particularly standard military caliber ammunition and many 11+ round magazines–will be widespread. 
To be ready for the possible Hill-ection, I recommend that you take the following steps: 
Get Ready… Withdraw some substantial cash (but not more that $9,700 ), and keep it well-hidden, at home. Pay off your credit card balances, so that you will have your full purchase credit limit available. Consult gun show calendars , and make plans to attend local shows. Note that many gun shows are now run as three-day shows, open Friday through Sunday. Check the advertised hours closely, and call to confirm days and show hours with the gun show management, before traveling. You will want to be there on Friday , to avoid the Saturday mob scene. Expend a vacation day from your work, if need be. 
Get Set… Make prioritized shopping lists Set bookmarks in your browser for ordering the particular items that you have in mind to purchase. Make detailed comparison price lists (or an electronic spreadsheet, if you are so inclined),in descending order of prices so you that won’t pay too much for what you buy. This research takes time , but that translates into saving money , so it is time well spent. 
…Go! On Election Night immediately after announcement that Hitlery is the projected winner in the Electoral College, go online and place orders with Internet sellers that take orders 24 hours per day , such as : CDNN Sports , GunMagWarehouse , Brownells , KeepShooting.com , CheaperThanDirt , Midway , Cabela’s (now part of Bass Pro Shops), J&G Sales , Bud’s Gun Shop , Dan’s Ammo , Lucky Gunner , Able Ammo , Ammunition Store , Ammunition Depot , Cope’s Distributing , Centerfire Systems , and GlockPro . Our Editor At Large Mike Williamson recently mentioned that SlickGuns.com is now selling Federal .22 Long Rifle ammo for as little as 6 cents per round . (I suspect that .22LR will again become scarce and jump back up over 15 cents per round, if Hitler In Heels is elected.) Keep in mind that many manufacturers such as SIGArms , Beretta USA , and The Beta Company also take direct Internet orders. Stay up and complete as many of your planned orders as you can afford, late into the night. It you tarry and say: “I’ll do it tomorrow”, then you will probably be disappointed to to see “Out Of Stock” showing at many vendor web sites. 
The Morning After Set your alarm clock, and start making calls to the mailorder vendors that don’t take Internet orders, starting right at 8 AM, Eastern Time. Be outside the door of your local gun shop before it opens. Bring lots of cash. 
In The Weeks Following Attend guns shows in your state. If it is possible under your state and local laws, buy used private party guns , with no paper trail. If that is not an option in your state, then buy a pre-1899 antique cartridge rifle , such as a 7mm Model 1895 Chilean Mauser. These are exempt from paperwork, in most states.) Watch auction sites such as GunBroker.com and GunAuction.com closely, for guns that are on your purchase list. Concentrate on “Buy It Now” items , since the multi-day auctions will probably be bid up to stratospheric heights, in the panic period following election day. 
What To Buy Start with your own needs, then with your children’s needs, and then with barter in mind, as follows: First Priority: Magazines and ammunition for your primary battle rifles Second Priority: Magazines and ammunition for your primary carry pistols Third Priority: Stripped AR-15 and AR-10 receivers (for later assembly) 
saig Fourth Priority: Secondary firearms, plus magazines and ammunition, to match Fifth Priority: Magazines and ammunition for planned acquisitions that will expand your battery of guns–including guns for children and grandchildren Sixth Priority: Magazines and ammunition for barter or re-sale. 
Note: Be sure to buy only either original military contract or original factory-made full capacity magazines– don’t buy aftermarket junk! 
Any extra magazines that are intended for barter should be of the types that will be in the highest demand. Examples include: AR-15/M16, M14, Mini-14, AR-10, FAL, Glock, S&W M&P, Beretta, and SIG. In particular, I predict that 33-round Glock magazines , 30-round Beretta Model 92 magazines , 100-round Beta C-MAGs , and 40-round Mag-Pul AR-15 PMAGs will all be in particularly high demand.) 
Potential Resistance In some families, a spouse might object to you making such purchases. Sit down and dispassionately show them the history of other “scare” and “ban”periods, and point out how much prices rose. (For example: stripped AR-15 lower receivers jumped from $60 each to $300 each, during the last big scare.) Tell them: “This is the equivalent of having the foreknowledge of what Dow Jones stocks will double or triple in price. It is wise to buy low and sell high.” If need be, promise your spouse that you will sell off half of what you plan to buy, after prices have doubled. That will leave the purchase cost of what you then retain, effectively at zero . 
In Closing Don’t panic, but recognize that Hitlery Clinton will probably act swiftly to restrict privately-owned firearms and accessories, using Executive Orders. Her transition team might even prepare them before she takes office. Most likely would be an import ban on magazines that can hold more than 10 cartridges, for civilians. Another likelihood is an import ban on military style firearms and/or parts sets. Another possibility is reclassifying 80% complete receivers. She might also direct the BATFE to expand the definition of “Destructive Devices” to include semi-automatic shotguns with detachable magazines. (Such as the Saiga-12, which is already import banned.) Plan accordingly. 
And regardless of the outcome of the upcoming election, you should have already spread out your guns, ammo, optics, and field gear between hidden places in several houses owned by members of your family, and in underground caches. DO NOT keep all your eggs in one basket! – JWR",0
9090,Jane Pauley to Become Anchor of CBS Show ‘Sunday Morning’ - The New York Times,"The veteran television personality Jane Pauley will replace Charles Osgood as the anchor of the highly rated CBS show “Sunday Morning. ” Mr. Osgood, who is retiring, announced the news on his last show on Sunday. Ms. Pauley’s first day in the role will be Oct. 9, and she will become only the third anchor of the show, which started in 1979. For Ms. Pauley, 65, a return to the anchor role for a morning television show represents an unexpected   comeback. And by selecting her instead of a younger    CBS is clearly trying to ease the transition from Mr. Osgood, 83, whose folksy delivery has been a mainstay on the show for more than two decades. In a statement, the president of CBS News, David Rhodes, said, “Charles Osgood is a television news legend  —   and so is Jane Pauley. ” Ms. Pauley first catapulted to fame at age 25 when she replaced Barbara Walters as an anchor of the “Today” show 40 years ago. She remained with “Today” through the late 1980s until the notoriously messy handoff in 1989, when Ms. Pauley left the show and was replaced by Deborah Norville. Ms. Pauley later was a host of NBC’s newsmagazine “Dateline” from 1992 to 2003. But for much of the next decade,   television opportunities dwindled for Ms. Pauley, though she had a daytime talk show that lasted a season and she made appearances on “Today. ” She became a CBS contributor two years ago and has filled in for Mr. Osgood on “Sunday Morning” and for Scott Pelley on the “CBS Evening News. ” She has reported stories for the Sunday morning show, including the only television interview with David Letterman in the   to his retirement last year. The transition is an important one for the network. “Sunday Morning” is a powerful ratings machine: It attracts nearly six million viewers and is by far the   Sunday morning news show. Its big viewership has helped the show that follows it, “Face the Nation,” remain the   Sunday morning public affairs show. (“Meet the Press” on NBC attracts the most viewers in the   to    bracket coveted by advertisers.) And this is the second consecutive year that CBS has had a peaceful Sunday morning handoff, something that can be rare for morning shows. (Recall the departures of Ms. Pauley or Ann Curry from “Today,” or David Gregory’s firing from “Meet the Press. ”) Last year, Bob Schieffer introduced John Dickerson on the air as the new anchor of “Face the Nation,” just as Mr. Osgood did with Ms. Pauley on Sunday. “Charles Osgood set the standard for ‘CBS Sunday Morning,’” Ms. Pauley said in a statement. “And it’s a great honor to be given the chance to further our show’s legacy of excellence. I look forward to bringing loyal viewers the kind of engaging, original reporting that has made the broadcast so irresistible for so long. ”",0
9091,"The amazing AquTru water filter, version 2.0, is now in stock: I've snagged 500 units for Natural News readers at a deep discount","Erin Brockovich: Millions of Americans' tap water posioned due to EPA standards About the author: Mike Adams (aka the "" Health Ranger "") is a best selling author (#1 best selling science book on Amazon.com) and a globally recognized scientific researcher in clean foods. He serves as the founding editor of NaturalNews.com and the lab science director of an internationally accredited (ISO 17025) analytical laboratory known as CWC Labs . There, he was awarded a Certificate of Excellence for achieving extremely high accuracy in the analysis of toxic elements in unknown water samples using ICP-MS instrumentation. Adams is also highly proficient in running liquid chromatography, ion chromatography and mass spectrometry time-of-flight analytical instrumentation. Adams is a person of color whose descendents include Africans and American Indians. He self-identifies as being of American Indian heritage , which he credits as inspiring his ""Health Ranger"" passion for protecting life and nature against the destruction caused by chemicals, heavy metals and other forms of pollution. Adams is the founder and publisher of the open source science journal Natural Science Journal , the author of numerous peer-reviewed science papers published by the journal, and the author of the world's first book that published ICP-MS heavy metals analysis results for foods, dietary supplements, pet food, spices and fast food. The book is entitled Food Forensics and is published by BenBella Books. In his laboratory research, Adams has made numerous food safety breakthroughs such as revealing rice protein products imported from Asia to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals like lead, cadmium and tungsten . Adams was the first food science researcher to document high levels of tungsten in superfoods . He also discovered over 11 ppm lead in imported mangosteen powder , and led an industry-wide voluntary agreement to limit heavy metals in rice protein products. In addition to his lab work, Adams is also the (non-paid) executive director of the non-profit Consumer Wellness Center (CWC), an organization that redirects 100% of its donations receipts to grant programs that teach children and women how to grow their own food or vastly improve their nutrition. Through the non-profit CWC, Adams also launched Nutrition Rescue , a program that donates essential vitamins to people in need. Click here to see some of the CWC success stories. With a background in science and software technology, Adams is the original founder of the email newsletter technology company known as Arial Software . Using his technical experience combined with his love for natural health, Adams developed and deployed the content management system currently driving NaturalNews.com. He also engineered the high-level statistical algorithms that power SCIENCE.naturalnews.com , a massive research resource featuring over 10 million scientific studies. Adams is well known for his incredibly popular consumer activism video blowing the lid on fake blueberries used throughout the food supply. He has also exposed ""strange fibers"" found in Chicken McNuggets , fake academic credentials of so-called health ""gurus,"" dangerous ""detox"" products imported as battery acid and sold for oral consumption, fake acai berry scams , the California raw milk raids , the vaccine research fraud revealed by industry whistleblowers and many other topics. Adams has also helped defend the rights of home gardeners and protect the medical freedom rights of parents . Adams is widely recognized to have made a remarkable global impact on issues like GMOs, vaccines, nutrition therapies, human consciousness. In addition to his activism, Adams is an accomplished musician who has released over a dozen popular songs covering a variety of activism topics.",0
9092,Actress Mayim Bialik Contradicts Anti-Israel Activist Linda Sarsour’s Claim Zionism and Feminism Don’t Mix,"The Algemeiner reports:  American Jewish actress Mayim Bialik published on Wednesday a refutation of   activist Linda Sarsour’s recently made claim that one cannot be a Zionist feminist. [“Zionism is the belief in the right of the Jewish people to have an autonomous state in Israel,” Bialik  —   a star in the CBS comedy series “The Big Bang Theory” and a distant relative of the late famous Hebrew poet Hayim Nahman Bialik  —   wrote on her GrokNation website. “I am a Zionist. Feminism is the belief that a   movement can bring about race, class and gender equality and that women deserve all of the rights and privileges afforded to men. I am a feminist. ”  She continued: “There are Zionists who are critical of certain Israeli policies and those who are not there are Zionists who are   and there are Zionists who are   and there are Zionists who fall between these extremes. The definitions of Zionism and feminism are not in conflict with each other. At all. ” Read more here.",0
9093,Gaddafi’s Last Words While Begging For Mercy: ‘What Did I Do To You?’,"Almost six years have passed since the death of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi – a death that changed Libya forever. Arguably, once a stable country, it now fights an inner disease, known as Daesh or ISIL. 
Via AnonHQ 

However, the murder of the Libyan leader was orchestrated, some say because of his plan to question the standard money system. Gaddafi also wanted to introduce actual gold in the form of money – as the African Gold Dinar. This Dinar wouldn’t be just paper money, but would represent value in the form of tangible precious metals itself, rather than within the government’s vault. Gaddafi also wanted to trade oil for gold, not the American Dollar.
Apart from Libya being the largest oil producer in the upper African region (when under Gaddafi) and wanting the returns in gold (which obliviously made the west very upset) – Gaddafi’s death makes things a bit different. If you remember his murder, then you would remember how he begged for mercy while covered in wounds and blood, and it going viral on the Internet. While these videos raced across the entire world, for all to see; this wasn’t the case for another so-called terrorist, out of respect for the burial customs of the locals. Osama bin Laden, who was a supposed open threat to the United States, who was, at the time held accountable for the 9/11 attacks, had his body taken and thrown into the ocean without the humiliating torture and degradation posed in front of the world.
According to an article published by The Guardian , a completely different story emerged from the men who were present during Gaddafi’s death. Mansur Dhao, one of the men present, who was in control of the defenses for Gaddafi, stated that Gaddafi never wanted to leave his country, nor was he running away, as it was portrayed in the blurry clip. Dhao said that Colonel Gaddafi changed locations every few days, and a few days before his death, Sirte (the place where he died) was under heavy siege. Therefore, it was unlikely for anyone to enter the city.
Apart from this, in the early hours of the morning, the defector force known as the Transitional National Council (TNC), took control of the final territory in Sirte and in an area no larger than 840 yards, Gaddafi’s loyalists were ready to break out.
Having said that, when NATO hit the convoy, they were unaware that Gaddafi was in one of those cars, and according to a NATO official, those heavy vehicles were forcing their way out of Sirte, heading to the outskirts of the city. These vehicles had heavy weapons mounted on them; the locals were fearful, and NATO aircraft fired upon them. The attack destroyed more than twelve cars, and as a reaction, the convoy was scattered into several groups, with the members of TNC following those cars.
Many people from inside those cars that were fired upon, jumped, and Gaddafi was amongst them. Heavily wounded, he went into hiding, leaving behind a trail of blood, which led TNC members to his hiding place.
Here is an interesting documentary that gives details on the events that lead to the death of Colonel Gaddafi. https://t.co/0RcP7aydtS 
— Anon.Dos (@anondos_) October 28, 2016 
There were many people present that day, and several videos of Gaddafi’s death are easily found. Fighters say that when they found Gaddafi, he was begging for them not to shoot him. Others, on the other hand say that Gaddafi’s last words were, “What did I do to you?”
Source: The Guardian , The Mirror ",0
9094,RESEARCHER FINDS LINK BETWEEN BANKERS & WIKILEAKS AFFILIATES MURDERS,"Home › POLITICS | WORLD NEWS › RESEARCHER FINDS LINK BETWEEN BANKERS & WIKILEAKS AFFILIATES MURDERS RESEARCHER FINDS LINK BETWEEN BANKERS & WIKILEAKS AFFILIATES MURDERS 0 SHARES [10/26/16] CHRISTOPHER KEMMETT – Julian Assange, founder and Editor-in-Chief of WikiLeaks, is the man responsible for the daily release of emails showing the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign to be an unprecedented machine whose tentacles and snitches reach into Wall Street, big corporations and big media . Earlier this year, WikiLeaks released emails showing that the Democratic National Committee had maliciously conspired to undermine the presidential campaign of Clinton challenger, Senator Bernie Sanders, in order to elevate Hillary Clinton to the top of the ticket. 
Now it has emerged that two of the top lawyers representing Assange, John Jones in London and Michael Ratner in New York, died within less than a month of each other this year. And, Assange’s closest confidant in London and a Director of WikiLeaks, Gavin Macfadyen, died just yesterday. 
Wall Street On Parade has carefully investigated the similarly unprecedented banker deaths over the past two and one half years. What is noteworthy about the banker deaths is that at the time of the deaths, Wall Street banks and their global brethren were under the largest investigations for criminal rigging of markets to occur in the past century. Even during the Senate investigations of the early 1930s when crooked business journalists touting fraudulent Wall Street stocks and crooked Wall Street bank execs manipulating stock prices were regularly revealed through subpoenaed documents, there was no similar rash of deaths or series of alleged suicides. (See related articles below.) 
Now there is WikiLeaks leaking emails and documents that show that the same kind of cartel-like behavior that has corrupted Wall Street to its core has also infested the top of the Democratic Party. And, amazingly, three key members of the Assange/WikiLeaks support network have died within six months of each other this year. The statistical probability of this being a natural occurrence is slim. Post navigation",0
9095,"Hashtags, Polls and Putin: Aftermath of the Vice-Presidential Debate - The New York Times","The   debate may be in the books, but the   spin goes on. Kellyanne Conway, Donald J. Trump’s campaign manager, accused Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia of having an “obsession” with Mr. Trump. For his part, Mr. Trump, who repeatedly interrupted Hillary Clinton during the first debate, said that Mr. Kaine’s constant interruptions of Mr. Pence should not have been allowed but that his running mate “won big” anyway. Mrs. Clinton’s team seized on Mr. Pence’s strategy of appearing to forget much of what Mr. Trump has said on the campaign trail and criticized Mr. Pence with a video   featuring him denying statements that his running mate has made publicly. While pundits generally agreed that Mr. Pence was the winner of the debate, he was careful on Wednesday not to take too much of the limelight, and he took to Twitter to dispel concerns that he had not sufficiently defended Mr. Trump. The early favorite for most memorable debate moment was Mr. Pence’s use of the phrase “that Mexican thing. ” In a rare moment of frustration at Mr. Kaine’s barrage of attacks on Mr. Trump’s contentious statements on Hispanic immigrants, Mr. Pence shot back, “Senator, you’ve whipped out that Mexican thing again. ” The line #ThatMexicanThing quickly became a popular hashtag on social media, where Mr. Pence was criticized for showing a lack of sensitivity. Mr. Pence went on to make the case that Mr. Trump’s focus has been on immigrants who are in the United States illegally. Recent polls of Ohio voters have shown that the Buckeye State might be slipping away from Mrs. Clinton’s grasp, but a Monmouth University survey released on Wednesday shows that the Democratic nominee still has a chance there. A poll of likely voters showed that 44 percent back Mrs. Clinton and 42 percent support Mr. Trump. Mrs. Clinton had a   advantage in August. (The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 4. 9 percentage points.) After showing signs of struggling in Ohio, it appeared that Mrs. Clinton might be giving up in the crucial swing state. However, she is making another push and plans to campaign with President Obama in Cleveland on Friday. According to the Monmouth poll, she is not doing as well as Mr. Obama did in 2012 with minority voters, so their joint appearance could help her solidify that base of support. The next pivotal moment in the race arrives on Sunday night, when Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton hold their second debate. Republicans have been on edge since Mr. Trump’s uneven first debate and his erratic behavior in the aftermath of that performance. The Times reported on Wednesday evening that Mr. Trump is slipping in several swing state polls and that members of his party could start to distance themselves from him if he falters again on Sunday out of concern that their hopes of maintaining control in Congress could be on shaky ground. Independents, in particular, have been especially turned off by Mr. Trump in the last week and there is growing concern about an exodus of female voters. Mr. Trump has heaped praise on Vladimir V. Putin for months, calling him a strong leader and a potential ally. Mr. Pence struck a different note on Tuesday night, describing the Russian president as a “small and bullying” leader who the United States should not hesitate to confront. The remarks made it appear that the Republican ticket might not be on the same page when it comes to Russian policy, and in an interview Wednesday with CNN, Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump, was careful not to shed much light on the campaign’s official line on the matter. “We have to be able to stand up to foreign leaders,” Mr. Miller said. “There’s also no reason why we can’t work with foreign leaders, for example to defeat ISIS. ” New data from Nielsen showed that the   debate drew 37 million television viewers, the smallest audience since Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman debated in 2000. Although that does not capture people who viewed the proceedings online, it paled when compared to the first presidential debate between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton. That drew 84 million viewers, according to Nielsen. Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine are both relatively   candidates who are not overly combative and their showdown lacked the fanfare that the top of the ticket has received. The most watched   debate remains the one from 2008, when Sarah Palin took on then Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. Russia appears to be taking advantage of the period of uncertainty before the American presidential election to deepen its presence in Syria and its support of President Bashar  ’s government.",0
9096,Ann Coulter: The Great Hijab Cover-Up - Breitbart,"Forget fake news the real issue is fake “hate. ”[Has there been one (1) documented hate crime committed by white people against any hue in the Rainbow Coalition since Nov. 8? That’s out of the 9, 456, 723 hate crimes alleged by America’s leading hate group, the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).  The SPLC is to “hate” what Rolling Stone is to rape. It is the biggest peddler of fantasies since Walt Disney. I’ve read through dozens of SPLC “hate crimes” and they are all lies. The Muslim girls in particular seem to be very spirited liars. Since the election, there have been vivid stories from across the nation of Trump supporters tearing off Muslim girls’ hijabs  —   at the University of Michigan (since retracted) Louisiana State University (also retracted) San Diego State University (that too was retracted) the New York City subway (again: retracted) and the University of New Mexico (no witnesses, won’t reveal attacker’s name or report the incident for investigation). The main   from all these stories is: We sure have taken in a lot of Muslims! They seem to have trouble assimilating to American laws about not committing mass murder, but the good news is, when it comes to America’s culture of victimhood, they assimilate like fish to water! This isn’t mass psychogenic illness, like when cheerleaders at the same high school all develop tics. It’s not even the Salem witch trials. At least the Salem   believed in witches. The Muslim hoaxers are lying, and they know they’re lying. Otherwise, they’d leave the country. If Muslims want to convince me that they’re living in abject fear in Trump’s America, instead of rushing to the media, somebody’s got to leave. I’ve heard endless stories about the reign of terror against Muslims, but have yet to hear of one single Muslim  —   much less a wave of Muslims  —   moving out of the United States. It’s not as if they get depressed at the thought of abandoning the old ancestral home, where their   are buried. They just got here! If any Muslim were at risk of so much as a dyspeptic look from white Americans, there’s emigration as well as immigration. But to the contrary, we can’t keep them out! They get huffy and give indignant speeches at the Democratic National Convention at the suggestion of a mere pause in Muslim immigration. The greatest fear of Muslims these days is that they won’t be home when the “Today” show calls and will miss the opportunity to regale credulous hosts with stories about their victimization at the hands of white American men (whose   areburied here). The left has gone so insane that the SPLC, the main propagator of fake hate crimes, is the media’s   expert on hate. SPLC spokesmen appear on TV and defame all the people they hate: whites, Christians, Trump supporters, cops, frat boys and so on. The SPLC is like the cult awareness groups taken over by Scientologists. Terrified parents would call for help in rescuing their kids from Scientology and be told, No, Scientology is not a cult. With the SPLC, the “hate watch” group is the hater. Unlike some toothless nobody claiming to be a member of the   KU KLUX KLAN, the SPLC’s slanders are instantly amplified by the media megaphone in somber interviews conducted by the most easily fooled people in the universe, American journalists. Breitbart, Daily Caller and others have done a great job collecting the hoax hate crimes since the election, but we need a central clearinghouse to keep up with the volume. How about someone found the Northern Poverty Law Center (NPLC) to document actual hate crimes and expose the hoaxes being spit out on an assembly line by the SPLC? Maybe the Koch brothers could get back in Trump’s good graces by funding this   service. The    NPLC ought to be in the Rolodexes of every media organization, so they can stop reporting fake news and start covering the real hate crimes currently ignored by the press. The only incidents of actual “hate” since the election have been entirely in one direction: against (mostly white) Trump supporters. This isn’t surprising given the climate of hate being spread by the media. As illustrated on the website of the NPLC (coming soon!) we aren’t dealing with a Reichstag fire designed to generate hate toward white male Trump supporters. It’s been Reichstag fire after Reichstag fire. At this point, any claim of “hate” directed at Muslims, blacks, gays or Hispanics by Trump supporters should be treated as if it’s a UFO sighting: presumed false, unless documented with irrefutable evidence. But until the NPLC is up and running, here are some tips for journalists:  —   Real hate crimes do not begin with laughably implausible scenarios. Try to use a modicum of common sense.  —   They are almost always captured on videotape or at least are seen by actual witnesses who give statements to the police. Lachrymose accounts posted on Facebook do not constitute evidence.  —   They generally result in medical treatment and arrests. The Trump Justice Department needs to create an office that will serve as a liaison with this new civil rights organization, the Northern Poverty Law Center. Because eradicating hate is Job No. 1! COPYRIGHT 2017 ANN COULTER, DISTRIBUTED BY ANDREWS MCMEEL SYNDICATION",0
9097,Comment on Obama said his daughters are lesbians? by Victor,"Posted on April 26, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 21 Comments 
Obama recently was in London, lecturing the Brits against Brexit, their upcoming referendum on leaving the European Union, which deservedly got him a stinging rebuke from London mayor Boris Johnson. 
In an op/ed for The Sun , Johnson recalls that in 2009 when Obama took over the White House, he removed a bust of Winston Churchill that had been in the Oval Office. Johnson writes: 
“Some said it was a snub to Britain. Some said it was a symbol of the part-Kenyan President’s ancestral dislike of the British empire – of which Churchill had been such a fervent defender.” 
By the way, in 2012 the Obama Administration first denied removing the bust, calling the story “100 per cent false” — that the bust is still in the White House, but simply moved to Obama’s private residence. Later, however, the Obama White House admitted that the Churchill bust in the President’s residence is a different bust, and that the original one had indeed been removed. (Source: Independent ) 
While in London, in a townhall meeting on April 23, the POS also badmouthed North Carolina on barring so-called “transgenders” from using the restroom of their fancy instead of in accordance with their biology. That means, if NC’s lunatic critics have their way, the state will be forced to let fully biological males with a penis to use a girl’s restroom. 
In the course of his hectoring on transgenders’ right to use the bathroom of their choice, Obama also extolled same-sex marriage and attributed his change of stance to his daughters, Malia and Sasha. Then he said something very curious. 
As reported and transcribed verbatim by The Huffington Post : 
The president said that he initially didn’t think the labels for same-sex couples really mattered as long as they had the same rights as heterosexuals. Sasha and Malia helped him see why that wasn’t the case. 
“I have to confess my children generally had an impact on me ,” he said during a town hall in London. “ People I loved who were in monogamous same-sex relationships explained to me what I should have understood earlier, which is it was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma, that if you’re calling it something different it means that somehow it means less in the eyes of society.” 
I found the full video of the townhall meeting of hundreds of young “useful idiots” drinking in the POS’s words. This is what Obama said on same-sex marriage, beginning at the 40:13 mark: 
“On marriage equality, I was in favor of so-called civil unions. My notion was initially that labeling those partnerships as marriage wasn’t necessary as long as people were getting the same rights, and it would disentangle them from some of the religious connotations that marriage had for lots of Americans. And that’s where I think … now, I have to confess, my children generally had an impact on me, people I loved who were in monogamous same-sex relationships explained to me what I should have understood earlier , which is it was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma, that if you’re calling it something different it means that somehow it means less in the eyes of society.” 
Brian Anderson of DownTrend.com writes: 
Maybe that’s just the worst segue ever, but right after he says his children helped him on the issue he says these people that he loves were in gay sexual relationships. He doesn’t say his daughters and other people that he loves convinced him to support gay marriage, just that his daughters did. The entire point that he’s trying to make is that Sasha and Malia were the ones that help him arrive at his opinion on the matter. 
I’ve read that thing a dozen times and I can’t come up with any other interpretation. Obama is saying that his daughters, who are in “monogamous same-sex relationships,” are the ones that convinced him to support same sex marriage. If he was talking about anyone else, he would have put that in, but he didn’t. 
What makes this really disturbing is that Obama changed his position on gay marriage in 2012. Malia would have 14 years old and Sasha only 11 . What we are left with is that Obama is claiming his young daughters, one who was pre-pubescent, were in committed gay sexual relationships. 
I found photos of Sasha Obama, 14, with a boy , allegedly her date to her high school’s homecoming last October. I could find no reports of Malia, now 17, going on a date or having a boyfriend. 
H/t FOTM ‘s Glenn47",0
9098,Refugees Will Cost Taxpayers an Estimated $4.1 Billion in FY 2017 - Breitbart,"American taxpayers will spend more than $4. 1 billion in the 2017 budget to support the 519, 018 refugees who have been resettled by the federal government in the United States since October 2009, according to a cost estimate by Breitbart News. [To put that very large number in context, $4. 1 billion can buy 10, 677 new homes for $384, 000 each, which is the average price of a new home sold in the United States in December 2016. Or it could buy 170, 124 new autos for $24, 100 each, which is the manufacturer’s suggested retail price for a 2017 Chevrolet Malibu.  Even if the Trump administration were to entirely shut down the flow of refugees into the United States in FY 2018 and beyond, the refugees who have already arrived in the country will cost at least another $3. 5 billion in 2018, and about $2 billion to $3 billion annually thereafter until FY 2022 and beyond. The annual $4. 1 billion cost of these refugees is about eight percent of “the total annual fiscal impact of first generation [immigrants to the United States] and their dependents, averaged across ” which the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, in September 2016, estimated “is a cost of $57. 4 billion. ” That report offered this summary of the characteristics of all immigrants to the United States between 1995 and 2014: “For the   period, the net cost to state and local budgets of first generation adults [who have immigrated to the United States] is, on average, about $1, 600 each,” the National Academies report found. The analysis that estimates a $4. 1 billion annual cost of refugees is based on the same methodology and data used in a November 2015 study from the   Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) which concluded that “in their first five years in the United States each refugee from the Middle East costs taxpayers $64, 370 —  12 times what the UN estimates it costs to care for one refugee in neighboring Middle Eastern countries. ” The CIS study focused on cost estimates for refugees arriving from ten Middle Eastern countries derived from the 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees contained in the Office of Refugee Resettlement’s Annual Report to Congress FY 2013  published by the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families. The ten Middle Eastern countries included in the 2015 CIS study were Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, and Yemen. Those countries accounted for 155, 865 of the 519, 018 refugees who have been resettled in the United States since FY 2010, according to the State Department’s interactive website. Breitbart used the data in that same 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees for all countries who send refugees to the United States (more than one hundred countries) and applied the same methodology CIS used to determine the costs for the Middle Eastern refugees within that group. Our analysis shows that over a five year period, American taxpayers pay $59, 251 per refugee, or $5, 119 less than the average Middle Eastern refugee over the same period of time. The 2015 CIS study limited the cost estimates to five years because the 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees data was limited to refugees who had been in the country for five years or less. The survey, then, is of refugees who were resettled in the United States between FY 2009 and FY 2013. In the Breitbart News estimate, we assumed that those costs would diminish to 50 percent of the annual average for years 1 through 5 in year 6, 25 percent in year 7, 10 percent in year 8, and zero in years 9 and beyond for each refugee. It is reasonable to assume that overall welfare usage will decline the longer a refugee is in the country. For instance, per the 2014 Annual Survey, 95 percent of refugees here for a year or less are in the SNAP (Food Stamps) program. By contrast, after 5 years of residence 60 percent of refugees are in the SNAP program —  about 4 times the national average. Leaving aside the inadequate rate at which refugees are leaving some welfare programs, in at least one significant welfare program the rate goes up with each year in the country. SSI, a cash welfare program for the disabled or elderly, is used by about 14 percent of refugees in the first year of arrival. Slightly more than 29 percent of refugee families who have been here for five years have one or more members receiving SSI, a lifetime benefit in most cases. Each year of residence brought an increase in the rate of SSI usage, as Table 1 below, taken from the Office of Refuge Resettlement’s 2014 Annual Survey of Refugees (where it is listed as Table  ) shows. Source: Office of Refugee Resettlement 2014 Annual Survey of Refugees, Table  . The November 2015 CIS study calculated a dizzying array of twelve specific federal programs which provide direct and indirect financial benefits to refugees. Table 2 below, a truncated version of the same table that appeared in the CIS study, shows the amount of money the average Middle Eastern refugee receives from each of these twelve programs over their first five years in the United States, which totals $64, 370. SOURCE (from the November 2015 CIS Study): Rates for SSI, TANF, SNAP, general assistance, and housing are from the 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees (ASR) and are  . Figures for Medicaid and lack of health insurance are also from the ASR, but reflect individual use rates. Average payments for SSI, TANF, and SNAP are from Census Bureau data. Average payments for some programs come from administrative data and other sources. Average education costs are from the National Center for Education Statistics. We estimate that 28 percent of refugees are   (1. 12 students per household). See text for additional explanation for how estimates were made. The Breitbart News estimate of a $59, 251 cost to taxpayers over five years for the average refugee resettled in the United States simply applies the actual use rates for each of these twelve programs found in the 2013 Annual Survey of refugees for all refugees, and applies it on a   basis to the calculations first used in Table 2 by CIS. To illustrate this metholodogy, the average use rate for SSI among Middle Eastern refugees was 32. 1 percent, according to the 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees. In the same table of that report, the average use rate for SSI among all refugees was 21. 1 percent, hence, the five year cost for all refugees for SSI is estimated at $3, 559, as opposed to $5, 414 for Middle Eastern refugees. Here are the use rates for all refugees by cost category used in the Breitbart News estimates, as found in the 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees: TANF, 19. 0 percent. SNAP, 74. 2 percent. General Assistance, 12. 4 percent.   Housing, 22. 8 percent. WIC, 16. 2 percent. School Lunch, 23. 9 percent. Medicaid, 56. 0 percent. Without Health Insurance, 20. 2 percent. Public Education, 28. 0 percent. Table 3 summarizes the Breitbart estimate of $4. 1 billion annual costs to taxpayers for resettled refugees in FY 2017: Table 3: FY 2017 Cost to U. S. Taxpayers of Resettled Refugees, *The cost for the first five years is estimated at $59, 251. Years 6 through 8 add an additional $8, 503 in costs, bringing the total to $67, 754. The November 2015 CIS report offered a number of caveats, including the following: For help in sorting out that dizzying array of twelve federal programs that provide financial benefits to refugees, the November 2015 CIS report offers the following (with emphasis added): State Department Expenditures. The State Department reports that 69, 926 refugee were admitted to the United States in 2013. While the State Department also helps refugees overseas, the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration (PRM) within the State Department spent $310 million on resettling refugees in the United States in 2013. This means that an average of $4, 433 was spent per refugee in 2013. These figures include costs for the “overseas processing of refugee applications,   services, and initial reception” and “housing, furnishings, clothing, food, medicine, employment, and social service referrals”. In this analysis we assume the amount spent by PRM per Middle Eastern refugee is the same as for refugees from the rest of the world. Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR). The ORR spent nearly a billion dollars in 2013, but a significant share went to help the resettlement of unaccompanied minors and their families from Central America. Expenditures on new refugees and other related groups such as   entrants and asylees were $613, 963, 000 in 2013. Asylees and   entrants are essentially eligible for the same programs as refugees. Dividing this amount by the 128, 000 individuals that ORR reports are covered by its programs (excluding unaccompanied minors) means that $4, 797 was spend per refugee by ORR in 2013. In general, ORR only provides assistance to local communities, charities, and the refugees themselves in the first year after they arrive in the country or are awarded asylum. After a year, charities and state and local social service agencies are expected to care for them. Refugees and Welfare. Unlike other new legal immigrants, refugees are eligible for all welfare programs upon arrival. Further, there are several   programs, such as Refugee Cash Assistance (RCA) and Refugee Medical Assistance (RMA) for which only refugees and other humanitarian immigrants are eligible. Refugees have the most generous access to welfare programs of any population in the country. The ORR conducts the Annual Survey of Refugees each year and the 2013 survey provides a detailed profile of the   and economic characteristics of refugees who entered the country in the prior five years, including use of many of the nation’s major welfare programs by sending region. We use information published by ORR on Middle Eastern refugees’ welfare use as the basis of our cost estimates. Welfare Use Rates. The 2013 Annual Survey of Refugees shows the following welfare use rates for Middle Eastern refugee households: 32. 1 percent receive Supplemental Security Income (SSI) 36. 7 percent receive Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF) 17. 3 percent receive General Assistance, 91. 4 percent receive the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP, also called food stamps) and 18. 7 percent live in public housing. The refugee survey also reports that 73. 1 percent of individual Middle Eastern refugees are on Medicaid or Refugee Medical Assistance. It should be kept in mind that the survey reports welfare use for all Middle Eastern refugees who arrived in the last five years, not just new arrivals. Many refugees get RMA and RCA, but then transition to Medicaid and other cash programs like TANF or SSI after the   eligibility window for RMA and RCA runs out. So, for example, use of TANF is likely lower for the first eight months than the 36. 7 percent reported above. To be sure, some refugees access cash welfare or Medicaid in the first eight months. But for those refugees who have been in the country for more than eight months the rate is higher than 36. 7 percent. The 36. 7 percent represents the use rate for all Middle Eastern refugees in the Annual Survey of Refugees who arrived in prior five years averaged together. For this reason, it is possible to estimate   costs for welfare programs based on published information from the survey, but it is not possible to estimate welfare costs for, say, the first year after arrival. It should be noted that published figures from the refugee survey provide only use rates, not payment amounts received by refugees. It is necessary to estimate payments using other data sources. Average Welfare Payments and Costs. To estimate welfare payments and costs by household we use Census Bureau data and other information. To get   costs for programs reported at the household level, we divide by four based on the assumption that average Middle Eastern refugee households receiving welfare consist of four people. This assumption is based on the Annual Survey of Refugees  …     To estimate average payments by household for SSI, SNAP, and TANF we use the   files of the 2013 to 2015 Annual Social and Economic Supplement of the Current Population Survey (ASEC CPS) collected by the Census Bureau. We match the countries listed as being part of the Middle East to the ORR list of countries from that area using the country of birth reported in the ASEC CPS. 8 The ASEC CPS shows an average payment of $13, 494 from SSI for immigrant households from the Middle East (refugee and  ) using the program. For TANF, the same data shows an average payment of $5, 061, and for SNAP it was $4, 039. 9 It should be noted that the ASEC CPS generally underestimates welfare use. 10 Because we do not adjust for this undercount, actual average payments are likely higher than that reported here. All payment figures are rounded to nearest dollar. To estimate payments from general assistance programs, we average state payment figures compiled by the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP). The average annual benefit across states for this program is $2, 885. 12 (We assume that there is only one person per refugee household receiving this program.) For the average cost of housing programs we use the Housing and Urban Development (HUD) website, which shows an average cost per unit of public or subsidized housing of $637 per month ($7, 644 per year). The Annual Survey of Refugees does not provide estimated use rates for the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) nutrition program or the free or subsidized school lunch program. For completeness, we include estimates for these small programs by assuming that the use rates for these two programs among Middle Eastern refugees is proportional to their use of SNAP  …     [T]he school lunch program and WIC add only modestly to the   average costs per individual. However, refugee use of these programs still would cost millions of dollars annually. Health Insurance Coverage. Healthcare coverage is reported at the individual level in the refugee survey, not the household level. There are three types of “coverage” that create costs for taxpayers: the Refugee Medical Assistance program, Medicaid, and those refugees who are uninsured. Costs for the RMA program are covered by ORR and are included in the expenditures for that agency reported above. For the Medicaid cost we use the average costs figure reported in the Office of the Actuary for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services annual report. In 2013, the program cost was $6, 897 per enrollee. The refugee survey reports 12. 7 percent of individual Middle Eastern refugees had no medical coverage in any of the previous 12 months. Based on information from the Kaiser Family Foundation on the   without health insurance, we estimate that uninsured refugees cost $1, 943 on average annually. Public Education. Data is not reported in the refugee survey on the share of Middle Eastern refugees who are in primary or secondary school. However, the refugee survey does show that 65. 1 percent of all refugee households who arrived in the previous five years, not just those from the Middle East, have children under age 16. The State Department also reports that 24. 1 percent of Iraqi and 33. 6 percent of Afghan refugees were   (five to 17) the two largest groups of Middle Eastern refugees for which there are statistics in fiscal year 2013. 19 Based on these figures, we estimate that 28 percent of new Middle Eastern refugees are   and enrolled in public school. This means that there is slightly more than one child in public school per Middle Eastern refugee household. The National Center for Education Statistics reports that average   expenditures in the United States are $12, 401. 20 There are certainly added expenses associated with helping refugee children in school, such as helping those who have emotional issues due having been traumatized. We do not include those costs here partly because we do not have any reliable figures for how much extra it costs to educate these children. We also do not include them because some share of these costs are paid for, at least in the first year, by ORR grants and are included above in that agency’s expenditures in the first five years. Sources familiar with the federal refugee resettlement program who have reviewed the Breitbart News estimate say that estimate probably significantly underestimates the cost of refugees to federal and state taxpayers.",0
9099,MP delighted HS2 avoids wife’s inheritance,"November 17, 2016 
As the final route for HS2 was announced, one MP was particularly gleeful: ‘I and my constituents are delighted with the proposed route, which not only avoids my safe seat but which will protect my majority for years to come. Coincidentally my wife’s parents’ modest Jacobean house and 400 acres are also unaffected’. 
The benefits are manifest, for example, a businessman in Sheffield will be able to put his racing pigeons on a train and they would reach London 30 minutes earlier than they would now. The aggregate time saved would mean he would be able to have another 5 races per year. Yes a number of homes will have to be demolished, but this is on a par with the slum clearances of the 50s & 60s. 
When asked if there was really the need for a high speed rail link over a comparatively short distance, the MP replied: ‘Who doesn’t want to see 60 trains a day travelling past the bottom of their garden at 250 miles per hour?’ pippip",0
9100,Can the G.O.P. Senate Majority Survive Donald Trump? - The New York Times,"On a Sunday morning in early June, Senator Mark Kirk rolled into an uptown Chicago bar in his wheelchair to take part in the city’s 47th annual L. G. B. T. Pride Parade, wearing a red polo shirt, charcoal khakis and the abashed   of a    man who has already assessed his long odds of blending in. He hoisted himself up and made his way into the crowd, leaning on the cane he has used since suffering a severe stroke four years ago. A few young people wearing robin’  blue Equality Illinois   approached him. They shook his hand and thanked him for being one of the few Republican senators to sponsor the Equality Act, which would extend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to prohibit discrimination against L. G. B. T. people. The encounters tended to be brief, because even in the most favorable circumstances Kirk has always been a somewhat awkward conversationalist. Crowded up against a   woman wearing a rainbow tutu, he offered: “My friend has a    granddaughter who wears nothing but tutus. It’d be good to get her one of those. Good for, er, political purposes. ” On his way out the door, Kirk found his path impeded by another   politician: Representative Tammy Duckworth, his Democratic opponent in November’s election, who lost both of her legs to a grenade as an Army helicopter pilot during the Iraq war. The two wincingly shook hands  —   “Whenever you run into your opponent,” he told me later, “there’s always that fake smile”  —   but said nothing. Out on North Broadway, where the festivities were about to begin, Kirk climbed into the gray Mustang convertible that would ferry him through the parade. Before long, Duckworth materialized nearby. The    congresswoman wore a       several beaded necklaces and a halo of flowers in her hair. “Woo hoo!” she hollered as onlookers called out her name. Meanwhile Kirk  —   a man who is palpably of, by and for the northern suburbs of Chicago  —   sat in the passenger seat of the Mustang and cast a pensive gaze at the gray clouds gathering overhead. Kirk is refreshingly unvarnished as senators go and did not bother pretending to be in the parading spirit. Less than four months before Election Day, the   senator’s own polls have him 3 points behind Duckworth. More than a year ago, Beltway odds makers were already rating Kirk as one of the likeliest to lose among the senators up for   in 2016. Illinois is a resolutely blue state that becomes even more so in a presidential cycle, when black and Hispanic turnout in the Chicago area is especially high the last Republican from the state to hold a United States Senate seat for more than one term was Charles Percy, who left office in 1985. Although Kirk was a congressman for a full decade before winning in 2010 the Senate seat once held by Barack Obama, to this day he lacks a national or even statewide profile. And all of this was before a certain real estate tycoon decided to run for president. In a more ordinary presidential election year, a vulnerable senator like Kirk would be inclined to look to the top of the ticket for campaign support. But what happens when that position is occupied by Donald Trump  —   a candidate who has proposed banning Muslim immigration, has made a seemingly endless series of statements offensive to Hispanics, Jews, blacks and women and, according to Gallup polls, currently enjoys a favorable rating (31 percent) not seen since the nadir of Jimmy Carter’s presidency? The   ticket has prompted gleeful Democrats to coalesce around a   message that will tie every Republican office seeker to the nominee. Meanwhile, Republican leaders like Speaker Paul Ryan and the 2012 presidential candidate, Mitt Romney, have gone to the extreme of repeatedly condemning the behavior of their party’s   implicitly urging Republican candidates to do whatever is necessary to avoid an Election Day apocalypse. The friction between the nominee and his party became jarringly apparent during a   meeting at the Capitol Hill Club on July 7 between Trump and 41 Republican senators. A few of them accused Trump of jeopardizing the party’s prospects in November Trump fired back with insults, labeling Kirk  —   who was not present but has publicly criticized Trump  —   a “loser. ” The meeting was especially charged given the acute vulnerability of the   Senate. The party currently holds a   majority. Of the 34 seats up for   this year, 24 are occupied by Republicans. Six of those, including Kirk’s, are in states to which the Republicans managed to lay claim in the Tea Party tsunami of 2010, but that President Obama won two years later. If Hillary Clinton wins the presidency, the Democrats need to retake only four of those six to control the Senate (because the vice president gets a Senate vote in the event of a tie). Presidential election years have increasingly brought out   nonwhite voters, so 2016 was sure to be an unpleasant one for Kirk and his Republican colleagues regardless. With Trump, who has disparaged, threatened or otherwise offended many of those same voters in the past year, their collective migraine has become a yearlong cluster headache. “I have to respect the will of the voters,” Kirk said, referring to Trump’s primary victories. “If you win the election, you won the election. ” Still, he added, “In this case, I do disagree with the decision the voters made. ” Last September, as the idea that the Trump candidacy was something more than an ephemeral novelty began to sink in, Ward Baker, the executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, sent a memo to his senior staff. “Let’s face facts,” Baker wrote. “Trump says what’s on his mind, and that’s a problem. Our candidates will have to spend full time defending him or condemning him if that continues. And that’s a place we never, ever want to be. ” Baker’s   memo, which was leaked to The Washington Post, instructed candidates to “run your own race” and to “show your independence” from the man he described as a “mis guided missile”  —   but at the same time, he cautioned, be mindful of the fact that “Trump has connected with voters on issues like trade with China and America’s broken borders. ” Even eight months before Trump effect ively claimed the nomination, Baker grasped the uniquely fraught terrain the party’s unexpected   had laid out before the Republicans who would be sharing a ticket with him in November. The connection between presidential nominees and     candidates is historically clear, and has become more so as the country has become more polarized. That’s especially the case when it comes to the Senate. With (for the most part) increasing frequency since 1913  —   the year the 17th Amendment was passed, designating that senators would be elected by popular vote rather than by state legislatures  —   voters have tended to elect Senate candidates who belong to the same party as the presidential candidate they favor. Both parties still hold close the memories of the exceptional examples of this phenomenon, the bonanza years and the catastrophes. In 1980, Ronald Reagan’s victory over Carter was the crest of a tidal wave that also gave Republicans 12 Senate seats and control over the upper chamber for the first time in almost three decades. In 1964, Barry Goldwater’s support for “extremism in the defense of liberty” cost Republicans   of both the Senate and the House. But Trump presents a much more complex weather system for his   to navigate than either of these cases. His views are not wedded to a coherent ideological movement within his party (as Goldwater’s were) nor is his unpopularity a simple judgment on his record (as Carter’s was). Instead, Trump is a sui generis figure who must be accepted or rejected on his own terms, not artfully hedged around in the way politicians are accustomed to doing. And while Trump was undoubtedly the most popular Republican primary contestant in a field of 17, it’s still not clear how many of his opponents’ supporters will vote for their party’s pick on Election Day. For an   Republican senator this fall, to back away from Trump is, by extension, to snub his millions of   loyalists, the one group of party voters that is sure to show up on Nov. 8. But to go   for Trump is to take leave of your Republican bona fides and embrace life as a Trump    —   a gamble that not a single Republican senator up for   this fall appears to have the stomach for. None of this seems to overly concern Trump. When I asked him recently whether the party’s maintaining its majority in the Senate meant anything to him, he replied: “Well, I’d like them to do that. But I don’t mind being a free agent, either. ” Trump has shown similarly little interest in helping his party’s committees build the sort of war chests typically required in a campaign year. After winning the presidential nomination on a shoestring budget and with fewer paid staff members than the average candidate for governor, he has been visibly reluctant to help build much in the way of national campaign infrastructure, sending a clear message to his fellow Republicans: This fall, you’re on your own. As Ryan Williams, a strategist with the 2012 Romney presidential campaign, told me: “Traditionally, the nominee has a robust campaign that absorbs the R. N. C. effort and works in tandem with the   campaigns. We did that with Romney in 2012. This time around, there’s a complete void at the presidential level. Trump’s trying to play a game of baseball and hasn’t put out an infield. ” In addition to Kirk, there are five Republican incumbents running in states that Obama won in 2012 whose fortunes are now lashed to those of the Trump campaign: Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire, Ron Johnson in Wisconsin, Marco Rubio in Florida, Pat Toomey in Pennsylvania and Rob Portman in Ohio. In May, Ayotte offered her “support” for Trump, but a spokeswoman quickly clarified to reporters that Ayotte “hasn’t and isn’t planning to endorse anyone this cycle. ” Johnson supplied messaging advice to the Trump campaign during the Wisconsin primary in April and declared the day after Trump vanquished Ted Cruz on May 3 that “I am going to certainly endorse the Republican nominee. ” Two weeks later, however, Johnson ratcheted down his endorsement to   “support,” warily adding that he would “be concentrating on the areas of agreement with Mr. Trump. ” Rubio, meanwhile, has remained in a state of   torment ever since his drubbing in the presidential primaries. Before announcing that he would run again for the Senate, Rubio said that he would be “honored” to help his party’s nominee, but later hedged, saying he did not expect to speak at the Republican convention on Trump’s behalf  —   and finally declaring he would not attend the convention at all. “I think that the Senate needs to fulfill its role as a check and balance on the president, no matter who it is,” he said last month. This was clearly intended to suggest that, if   he would not blindly do the bidding of a President Trump  —   a notion that has prompted belittlement from Rubio’s Democratic opponents. “What’s so funny about that premise is that Rubio’s the only Senate candidate we’re running against who has proven he’s ineffective at standing up to Donald Trump,” Sadie Weiner, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee’s communications director, told me. Toomey and Portman, for their part, have both distanced themselves from, among other things, Trump’s claim that Gonzalo Curiel, the   federal judge who is presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University, would show bias against him on account of his being “Mexican. ” But denouncing and renouncing are two different things. Come November, both Portman and Toomey may need Trump  —   or rather, Trump’s voters. As Steven Law, the chief executive of the conservative “super PAC” American Crossroads, told me: “According to research we’ve seen, there were demonstrably voters in 2012 who stayed home in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Specifically, there were white   voters who were discouraged by the perception that Romney was a wealthy plutocrat. ” As evidenced by exit polls taken early in the primary season across the Rust Belt, Trump’s message of aggrievement has especially resonated with the voters that Law says Toomey and Portman cannot afford to alienate. Even comparably comfortable   incumbents like Richard Burr of North Carolina and Roy Blunt of Missouri are ahead by narrow enough margins that one more particularly incendiary Trump statement could plausibly spell defeat in November. John McCain, whose valor as a prisoner of war Trump has mocked (“I like people who weren’t captured,” Trump told an audience in Iowa last July) this year finds himself once again struggling to avoid a primary upset at the hands of a more conservative challenger he offered his    support of the nominee in May, saying of Trump’s supporters, “I think it would be foolish to ignore them. ” To donors at a private event (which was recorded and leaked to Politico) however, McCain acknowledged, “If Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona, with over 30 percent of the vote being the Hispanic vote, no doubt that this may be the race of my life. ” Putting a brave face on it, some Republicans like Law insist that at the very least, Trump’s constituency is devoted enough to be counted on to show up to the polls in November. By contrast, they say, Clinton’s failure to earn the support of millennials (who went for her primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, by a staggering   margin) could result in a decline in   turnout that might swing some   races their way. In other words, the depth of Clinton’s support is as questionable as the breadth of Trump’s, or so goes the argument. As Law  —   whose American Crossroads has spawned an offshoot organization, One Nation, that has made large ad buys in the states with vulnerable Republican Senate seats  —   told me: “In our research, we’ve found that upward of 30 to 40 percent of voters currently have a preference but aren’t satisfied with that preference. So I think there’s risk on both sides. ” I asked Law if he thought the risks really were that comparable. After all, while Clinton’s current disapproval rate is a bleak 55 percent, Trump’s is 15 points worse. In a    Senate race, won’t the greater dislike of Trump make a difference? “At this stage of the game, I’m not sure you can say that,” Law replied. Of course, at this stage of the game, American Crossroads is investing huge amounts in such races, running ads that have plenty to say about Hillary Clinton and nothing about Donald Trump. ’u2009A handful of Republican senators, as a matter of principle or political prophylaxis or both, have completely disassociated themselves from their party’s nominee. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina has variously termed Trump a “  xenophobic religious bigot” and a “jackass. ” Jeff Flake of Arizona has urged his colleagues to withhold their endorsement of Trump “there are certain things you can’t do as a candidate,” he said on CBS’s “Face the Nation. ” Ben Sasse of Nebraska has described Trump’s attacks on Curiel as “the literal definition of racism” and has called for a   alternative. But Graham, Flake and Sasse aren’t up for   this year. Among the avowed Trump refuseniks, only Mark Kirk is. Kirk came by his opposition status belatedly. The former Naval intelligence officer is an unassuming centrist with an unfortunate knack for narrowly missing out on national attention. In April 2013, he became the second Republican senator to support   marriage, after Rob Portman (whose son is gay). Three months before that, Kirk was the first of his party’s senators to support   legislation with Senator Joe Manchin, a Democrat, after the Newtown massacre  —   but because Kirk’s standing with the National Rifle Association was already abysmal, Manchin sought out a more   Republican ally in Pat Toomey as a   for his bill. Still, Kirk is not without political acumen. He inveighed against Obamacare just enough to win in 2010, when Republicans largely succeeded in making House and Senate races into referendums on Obama’s legislative agenda. Six years later, Kirk took note of Trump’s ascent and fell in behind the presumptive nominee in March, though two different Kirk advisers described his support to me as “tepid” from the beginning. But, Kirk told me, he had trouble envisioning Trump as the kind of steady hand who could manage global crises the way President George Bush did during Kirk’s Navy days. “If it had been President Trump, I would have had problems,” he said. “Is he going to get angry? Is he going to start bombing?” Kirk saw his opening when Trump aired his views of Curiel. “After much consideration,“ Kirk said in a statement on June 7, “I have concluded that Donald Trump has not demonstrated the temperament necessary to assume the greatest office in the world. ” Since then, the senator has spent as much time denouncing Trump as he has Clinton. “I joke to Ben Sasse that if Trump wins, he’ll be my roommate at Gitmo,” he told me. Unendorsing Trump was perhaps a more politically viable option for Kirk than for his fellow endangered Republican senators. “I’m probably the only one around here who absolutely embraces the ” he said, referring to “moderate. ” And as the Crain’s Chicago Business columnist Rich Miller recently wrote, in Illinois “independent suburban women have been the deciding factor in just about every statewide race since 1990. ” Given Trump’s 70 percent disapproval rating among women over all, criticizing the nominee may prove not only useful to Kirk, but also  —   especially against a female opponent like Duckworth  —   imperative. Kirk’s campaign strategists have chosen to view Trump, in a     sort of way, as a perverse gift for their candidate. Every   outburst by Trump offers an opportunity for Kirk to hurl himself into the spotlight as a Trump denouncer. But as Duckworth’s deputy campaign manager, Matt McGrath, told me, “If the Kirk campaign is of the mind that having daily or weekly opportunities to condemn Donald Trump is going to win this election for him  —   well, good luck with that. ” The alternative is to somehow ignore the   presidential candidate in modern political history  —   an approach that every vulnerable Republican senator aside from Kirk has adopted. The preferred strategy is to keep their politics local, “talking to voters like they’re running for sheriff,” as Ward Baker, the National Republican Senatorial Committee’s executive director, put it to me. The exemplar of this “Mayberry R. F. D. ” strategy is Kelly Ayotte, New Hampshire’s   junior senator. Ayotte, like Kirk, won office in 2010 in what had recently been a swing state she now faces one of the Democratic Party’s top Senate recruits, the state’s sitting governor, Maggie Hassan. Ayotte has been a relentless presence in her state’s diners, farmer’s markets and   pageants this year. “In a close race like this one, I think that actual interaction with voters matters,” she told me in late June. We were sitting in Ayotte’s Senate office, where I had gone in hopes of finding out what it means to “support” but not “endorse” Trump. Although she entered politics as an apolitical state attorney general who had served in both Republican and Democratic administrations, Ayotte’s Senate victory in 2010 probably would not have occurred without the endorsement of Sarah Palin, who dubbed her the Granite Grizzly. Once in office, however, Ayotte quickly allied herself with establishment Republicans like McCain and Graham. Mitt Romney named her as a potential   candidate in the 2012 race, and as a   female legislator in a swing state she would very likely have fared similarly this year were the Republican nominee Rubio, Jeb Bush or someone other than Trump. When I asked the    former prosecutor to explain her position on the nominee, she offered a     sort of smile, then proceeded into a thicket of noncommittal verbiage. “Yeah, I think, um, that, I will  —   basically, the way I look at ‘support versus endorse’ is: I will be voting for him,” she began. “I obviously, when I endorse someone, I’m out campaigning, I’m endorsing and asking other people  —   people should vote their conscience in this election. That said, it doesn’t matter  —   it matters, but my point is, whoever wins, I’ll be working with them on things that’ll be good for New Hampshire and the country, and I’ll be in opposition to them on things that I think aren’t good for New Hampshire and the country. ” I asked if this meant she would not be campaigning with Trump when he showed up this fall to compete in her state. “You know,” she replied, “I’m going to be focused on getting my message out to New Hampshire voters. And that means being out there with New Hampshire voters. ” She added, “I don’t anticipate, really, campaigning with other folks. ” Ayotte’s quest to establish the appropriate distance from Trump is not purely a matter of political expedience. Since her arrival in Washington, the senator  —   who is married to an Iraq war veteran  —   has styled herself as a   specialist. In this arena, she said to me of Trump, “I have many disagreements with him,” before hastening to add, “I have more with the Democratic nominee. ” The     of Trump’s global vision  —   calls to “bomb the [expletive] out of ISIS” and to reintroduce waterboarding on the one hand, a general aversion to foreign intervention and historical alliances on the other  —   seems anathema to a    hawk like Ayotte. On these matters, her insistence to the contrary aside, the New Hampshire senator seems far more in sync with the former secretary of state than she does with the New York developer. Still, she has been willing to venture into Trump’s   zone on occasion, mocking Obama for “being politically correct about how we define our enemies” and describing his military strategy against ISIS as an electoral stunt. Ultimately, the Ayotte campaign’s objective is to avoid a   referendum altogether by advertising her practical skills as a bipartisan senator. Along these lines, Ayotte has made a point of emphasizing her support of the E. P. A. ’s Clean Power Plan, which seeks to address climate change by restricting   emissions. (When Ayotte first ran for Senate in 2010, she spoke of   climate change as an unproven theory. Since that time, she told me, “I’ve really looked at the issue and studied it further. ”) She also points to her vote for the Senate’s bipartisan   legislation in 2013  —   a position that ended her support from Palin, who called her a “ ”  —   and says that today, as she put it to me, “I want to be in the camp of solving the problem. ” Her campaign operatives also reminded me that Ayotte denounced Senator Ted Cruz last year for using the threat of a government shutdown as leverage for defunding Planned Parenthood  —   though this was really a tactical objection on her part, given that Ayotte has voted on six occasions to stop federal funding for the organization. Ayotte’s opponent, Hassan, intends to cite the incumbent’s votes against Planned Parenthood and her opposition to a hearing for Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland, as among the reasons that she is out of step with New Hampshire voters. The looming presence of Trump amounts to a bonus for Hassan. As her campaign manager, Marc Goldberg, told me, “Trump will be just one part of this race  —   though maybe a significant part. ” Speaking of Ayotte, he said, “It will definitely make her life difficult on a    basis. ” On that point, Ayotte’s supporters reluctantly agree. “If we had Rubio or Jeb at the top of the ticket, I’m sure the Democrats would try to tie our candidate in New Hampshire to policies they deem unpopular,” says the former Romney strategist Ryan Williams. “The difference is that Trump goes beyond the pale with statements he makes on a daily basis. He seems not to care what effect it has on the other candidates. He seems not to understand the responsibility that comes with the mantle. ” Fifteen years after his landslide defeat, Barry Goldwater penned an autobiography that he titled “With No Apologies. ” The Arizona senator in fact harbored a few regrets  —   among them, that he had staked out an ideological opposition to the Civil Rights Act, and that his losing candidacy (which also brought down 36 House and two Senate seats) paved the way for the   four years later of Richard Nixon, whose Watergate scandal would bring dishonor to their party. But Goldwater held himself largely blameless for the outcome of the 1964 election. It was his own party’s fault, he asserted, for demonizing a conservative vision that would, 16 years later, be validated by Reagan. “By the time the convention opened,” he wrote of his fellow Republicans, “I had been branded as a fascist, a racist, a   warmonger, a nuclear madman and the candidate who couldn’t win. ” By the time the 2016 Republican convention opens in Cleveland this month, Trump will also have been branded  —   by fellow Republicans who now revere Goldwater as a movement godfather  —   as a racist madman who cannot win. Some of them may show up to Cleveland in hopes of staging a delegate upheaval and in that way thwarting Trump’s coronation. But many other party notables, like Ayotte and Kirk, have already found excuses not to attend the convention. Trump did not seem particularly concerned that he might be shunned or subverted at the convention when he spoke to me by phone one recent afternoon. “I have a lot of support from senators,” he insisted. “And then some of them are neutral. ” New Hampshire’s junior senator fell squarely in the latter category, he acknowledged: “Kelly Ayotte has been silent, more or less. Honestly, I don’t mind that she’s silent. ” Somewhat cryptically, he added, “We can both be silent, to be honest with you. ” As for Kirk, Trump said he had reason to believe that the Illinois senator’s distaste for him was feigned, but he would not share his evidence for the record. He reminded me that he had won both Kirk’s and Ayotte’s states during the primaries and predicted that he would repeat that feat in November. If the two senators felt it wise to separate themselves from their party’s leader, then Trump would support, if not endorse, the idea. “I want them to do what they need to do,” he said of the vulnerable senators. “It’s fine with me. It won’t hurt me. I think it’ll hurt them, frankly. ”",0
9101,Border Patrol Agents Arrest Previously Deported Killer,"Border Patrol agents in southern California have arrested a previously deported, aggravated felon who had been convicted of homicide but has not served his sentence. [The agents detected two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California. After they had detained the suspects, the agents determined they were illegal aliens who had no lawful right to be present in the United States. They arrested the men and transported them to the El Centro Border Patrol Station for processing. The El Centro Station has four border patrol stations and is responsible for surveying and protecting 70 miles of the U. S.  border.  When they reached the station and conducted background checks on the two men, the search revealed that one of them was    Humberto  . Alonso is a Guatemalan national previously convicted of felony homicide in 2003. A court sentenced him to a   prison term. “This arrest of a convicted felon, demonstrates the importance of the mission of the Border Patrol,” said Assistant Chief Patrol Agent David S. Kim in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “The hard work and dedication of our agents is a shield for our communities against a threat like this. ” The U. S. Attorney’s Office is expected to prosecute   for the crime of   after removal as a convicted felon. Although agents discovered the Guatemalan national as part of routine border patrol prevention, detection, and apprehension duties television, print, and online media have recently been ablaze with reports of immigration officials’ roundup of criminal illegal aliens. Open borders advocates and complicit news organizations have used the routine operations to advance their agenda with messages of misinformation and fear. They have painted pictures of sweeping raids and government retaliation under the new presidential administration. These arrests however, are part of routine U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) operations to protect the public from criminal foreign nationals. As reported by Breitbart Texas, ICE agents targeted illegal aliens in Operation Cross Check in May 2015 because they had felony convictions. Officials arrested 2, 059 criminal aliens, and 1, 000 of them had felony convictions for voluntary manslaughter, child pornography, robbery, sexual assault, and kidnapping.   of those apprehended were known gang members, and 89 were convicted sex offenders. A roundup in December netted 71 criminal illegal aliens. These criminals had convictions for drug trafficking, burglary, fraud, driving under the influence, weapons violations, and domestic violence. Another national operation in September put 36 more criminal aliens in jail. An operation called Operation Safe Nation and Operation No Safe Haven III apprehended 17 illegal immigrants who were thought to pose a public safety threat. Officials in foreign countries issued warrants for 19 individuals arrested during the operation for suspension of committing human rights violations. Officials with the University of Texas Immigration Clinic in Austin, Texas, has used recent ICE operations in the city to spread their political messages and cause panic. One of the operators of the clinic, Denise Gillman, told the Austin   that there has been an increase in activity by ICE officials. She added, “there’s a much bigger presence than the one that’s been acknowledged by ICE. ” She also was reported to say, “they’re making their presence known, driving around immigrant neighborhoods. ” Officials in the democratic city like Councilman Gregorio Casar has made Facebook posts that state: “I believe ICE is out in public arresting people in order to retaliate against our community for standing up for our values against people like Abbott and Trump. ” Open borders advocates have continued their fake news campaign against ICE, but generating panic places communities and law enforcement officers in unnecessary danger, say ICE officials.",0
9102,"Wilbur Ross, Billionaire Investor, Is Said to Be Trump’s Commerce Pick - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump is expected to select as commerce secretary Wilbur Ross, a billionaire investor who became known as the “king of bankruptcy” for buying, restructuring and selling off steel makers and other fading industrial companies, officials on the transition team said on Thursday. After choosing national security   for some of his earliest appointments, Mr. Trump is now turning to a group of ultrawealthy conservatives to help steer administration policy. In addition to Mr. Ross, a generous contributor to his campaign, Mr. Trump is likely to choose Todd Ricketts, a Republican megadonor who is an owner of the Chicago Cubs and whose father founded TD Ameritrade, to be the deputy commerce secretary, the officials said. And on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he would name Betsy DeVos, a school choice activist and Republican   as his education secretary. Mr. Ross, 78, an economic adviser to Mr. Trump’s campaign whose fortune is estimated by Forbes to be $2. 9 billion, is aligned with Mr. Trump on trade. He says the United States must free itself from the “bondage” of “bad trade agreements,” and he has advocated threats of steep tariffs on Chinese goods. Mr. Ross, the chairman of the private equity firm WL Ross  Company, has also pressed for cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, from 35 percent, and reducing taxes and regulations on energy companies. During the general election, he hosted at least one   for Mr. Trump at his home in the Hamptons. There, Mr. Trump, who at the time was pondering his choice for a running mate, turned his deliberations into a party game, soliciting opinions from the donors in attendance. Mr. Ross also owns a waterfront estate in Palm Beach, Fla. down the road from    Mr. Trump’s club, which is expected to be his White House getaway, and where the   was spending Thanksgiving with his family. If confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Ross would succeed another wealthy campaign donor at the helm of an agency charged with promoting American commercial interests and trade around the world. Penny Pritzker, President Obama’s commerce secretary, is a billionaire entrepreneur who was an early financial backer of Mr. Obama and is an heiress to the Hyatt Hotels fortune. Unlike Mr. Trump and Mr. Ross, Ms. Pritzker has been a leading proponent of forging new   agreements. One of her top priorities was the completion of the   Partnership, a sweeping   accord that Mr. Trump has promised to scrap.",0
9103,Trump Blasts London Mayor Sadiq Khan for Saying ’No Reason to be Alarmed’ After London Attack,"President Trump tore into London’s   Mayor Sadiq Khan Sunday in the wake of a terror attack in London that left at least seven dead and dozens injured  —   after Khan told Londoners there is “no reason to be alarmed. ”[Terrorists drove a van through crowds near London Bridge Saturday night, before rampaging through a nearby market and stabbing people, before they were eventually being shot by armed police. Their identities have not yet been revealed by authorities.  Khan, who became London’s first Muslim mayor last year and has become known for making bizarre remarks about terrorism, told Londoners that there was nothing to be alarmed about as the city ramps up its police presence in the wake of the attack. “Londoners should be aware that there will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners, and all those visiting out city safe,” he said. “I want to reassure all Londoners, and all our visitors, not to be alarmed. Our city remains one of the safest in the world,” he said. President Trump, who said earlier Sunday on Twitter that “we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people,” attacked Khan for telling people not to be alarmed in the wake a major terror attack on the city, the third attack in the UK in just a few months. We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don’t get smart it will only get worse,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017,  At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ”no reason to be alarmed!”  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017,  Khan also reportedly said that London is “one of the safest global cities in the world if not the safest global cities in the world” just hours after the attack. Khan has become   in America for his politically correct statements about terrorism. In September, Khan said terrorism is “part and parcel of living in a big city” and in May last year called Trump’s views on Muslims “ignorant. ” Trump’s ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe. It risks alienating mainstream Muslims. London has proved him wrong,  —   Mayor of London (@MayorofLondon) May 10, 2016,  “London has proved him wrong,” he said. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
9104,Poll: English Patriotism Is on the Rise,"English patriotism is on the rise, with increasing numbers of people identifying as predominantly English rather than British, a survey has found. [According to the recent YouGov poll, nearly   of those questioned described themselves as English instead of British  —   a rise of 5 per cent on 2015 figures.  Last year, just 18 per cent of those surveyed said they felt only British or more British than English, but 35 per cent said they were English not British or more English than British. The number of people saying they feel equally English and British rose from 35 to 38 per cent between 2015 and 2016. Numerous polls during and after the European Union (EU) referendum showed that those who felt mostly English were more likely to vote for Brexit. Speaking to The Telegraph shortly after his election, UKIP leader Paul Nuttall described how he aimed to appeal to this renewed sense of Englishness, particularly following the devolution of other UK nations. “The next big issue that’s going to come up in British politics beyond Brexit is Englishness,” he said. Adding: “There is a value that unites that vast majority of British people away from the small metropolitan clique, and that value is patriotism. ” The former Labour cabinet minister John Denham, who now heads the University of Winchester’s Centre for English Identity and Politics, led the study. He said he found a growing correlation between identity and political behaviour. “Voters who most strongly identify as English are much more likely to reject Labour as a party and key Labour messages, like support for the EU,” Mr. Dunham explained. “Without a change in Labour’s appeal, rising English identity may make attracting key groups of voters even harder. ” On Tuesday, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn attempted to appeal to patriotism, claiming he was not “wedded” to the principle of EU free movement. However, he refused to say he would limit numbers and insisted that current levels of migration were not too high. His only solution was to say that labour reforms would “probably” reduce the incentive to come to the UK.",0
9105,"Reports: Prominent Democratic Leader, Bill de Blasio Staffer Arrested on Child Pornography Charges - Breitbart","Police arrested a prominent Democratic leader and staff member for New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on child pornography charges, according to the New York Post. [On Friday, the Post said that court documents stated that Jacob Schwartz allegedly kept thousands of photos and nearly one hundred videos on a laptop depicting horrifying acts with “young nude females between the approximate ages of 6 months and 16, engaging in sexual conduct  …     on an adult male. ”  Schwartz, 29, faces charges of “possession of a sexual performance by a child and promoting a sexual performance by a child,” according to the New York Daily News.  (Jacob Schwartz: Facebook) Schwartz previously served as president of the Manhattan Young Democrats. A   biography of Schwartz reveals he worked for Obama’s 2012   campaign: Jacob was born and raised in the heart of Greenwich Village, and was involved in political organizing from a young age. Some of his oldest memories are handing out leaflets for his father, as he campaigned for District Leader. More recently, he helped start the New Democratic Alliance in New York City, and, in 2012, worked for the Obama campaign as a Field Organizer in the Lehigh Valley. A graduate of Lehigh University with an M. S. in Energy Systems Engineering and a B. S. in Electrical Engineering, Jacob currently works for the New York City Department of Design and Construction on their Build It Back Hurricane Sandy recovery and resiliency program. He is also the founder and executive director of a climate education   called Common Climate, and previously served as Issues Assembly and Policy Director for MYD. Most mentions of Schwartz on social media were scrubbed around the time of his arrest. An archive of his deactivated Twitter account shows a photo with him and former Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook taken on August 26, 2016.  The Manhattan Young Democrats touted the event on their Twitter profile beforehand: Incredibly proud to be honoring @HillaryClinton Campaign Manager #RobbyMook at #YGID2016 https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Manhattan Young Dems (@gomyd) August 23, 2016,  According to attorney James Roth, Schwartz was released on $7, 500 bail Thursday. Schwartz works as a “computer programmer analyst in the city Department of Design and Construction,” the Post reports.",0
9106,ObamaCare is Great. We Just Need to Punish People for Not Using It,"ObamaCare is Great. We Just Need to Punish People for Not Using It October 27, 2016 
But...but... I thought we were trying to help people. 
ObamaCare visionary Jonathan ""Stupidity of the American Voter"" Gruber is back. When last we heard from the man with the same name as the Die Hard villain, he was being ushered off the scene after explaining how stupid everyone was . 
An architect of the federal healthcare law said last year that a ""lack of transparency"" and the ""stupidity of the American voter"" helped Congress approve ObamaCare. In a clip unearthed Sunday, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor Jonathan Gruber appears on a panel and discusses how the reform earned enough votes to pass. 
He suggested that many lawmakers and voters didn't know what was in the law or how its financing worked, and that this helped it win approval. ""Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,” Gruber said. ""And basically, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really, really critical for the thing to pass."" Gruber made the comment while discussing how the law was ""written in a tortured way"" to avoid a bad score from the Congressional Budget Office. He suggested that voters would have rejected ObamaCare if the penalties for going without health insurance were interpreted as taxes, either by budget analysts or the public. ""If CBO scored the [individual] mandate as taxes, the bill dies,"" Gruber said. 
Now the Gruber is back... and ready to explain why the only problem with ObamaCare is the lack of severe beatings . 
“There is no sense in which” the law “has to be fixed. The law is working as designed. However, it could work better. And I think probably the most important thing experts would agree on is that, we need a larger mandate penalty. We have individuals who are essentially free-riding on the system, they’re essentially waiting until they get sick and then getting health insurance. The whole idea of this plan, which was pioneered in Massachusetts, was that the individual mandate penalty would bring those people into the system and have them participate. The penalty right now is probably too low, and that’s something I think ideally we would fix.” 
Ideally we would penalize Gruber and everyone involved in inflicting this monstrosity on the public. But predictably Gruber's proposal is to offer up more beatings until morale improves. While pretending that anyone who isn't on ObamaCare is just a ""free rider"".",0
9107,"Un nuevo fuerte sismo de magnitud 6,1 sacude el centro de Italia - RT","Un nuevo fuerte sismo de magnitud 6,1 sacude el centro de Italia Publicado: 26 oct 2016 19:34 GMT | Última actualización: 26 oct 2016 19:54 GMT 
Un nuevo fuerte sismo de magnitud 6,1 ha sacudido el centro de Italia. Síguenos en Facebook 
Un nuevo sismo de magnitud 6,1 ha sacudido este miércoles el centro de Italia, informa el Servicio Geológico de EE.UU. ( USGS , por las siglas en inglés). 
El temblor se ha registrado a 2 kilómetros al nornoroeste de la localidad de Visso, en la región de las Marcas. El foco se ubicó a 10 kilómetros de profundidad. 
Dos horas antes la parte central de Italia fue sacudida por un sismo de magnitud 5,6, según informa GEOFON . El temblor se registró a 66 kilómetros de Perugia. El foco se ubicó a dos kilómetros de profundidad y el epicentro se situó 37 kilómetros al oeste de la localidad de Ascoli Piceno —gravemente afectada por un fenómeno similar el pasado 25 de agosto— y 132 kilómetros al nordeste de Roma, la capital del país, en donde también se ha sentido . 
Más información en breve. ",0
9108,Getty Museum in Los Angeles Evacuated after Bomb Threat,"The Getty Center museum in Los Angeles was evacuated Tuesday afternoon after an unidentified caller reportedly called in a bomb threat. [The museum’s official Twitter account sent out a message at 4:16 p. m. local time warning that it would close early due to a “threatening phone call” on the advice of the Los Angeles Police Department.  Getty Center is closing early today due to threatening phone call. Visitors are currently leaving on advice from @LAPDHQ staff to follow.  —   J. Paul Getty Museum (@GettyMuseum) April 18, 2017,  LAPD officer Tony Im told the Los Angeles Daily News that the call came in just before 3 p. m. “Somebody stated, ‘There is a bomb. Get out,’” Im said. At least one video surfaced on social media which appeared to show visitors being evacuated from the museum, which is located at 1200 Getty Center Drive. Evacuated because of a bomb threat. We are   and far away. pic. twitter.   —   Devin Altieri (@DevinAltieri) April 18, 2017,  According to KTLA, an LAPD bomb squad was sent to the museum to investigate the threat, but no device or suspect had been located as of 5:00 p. m. PT. The museum was scheduled to remain closed for the remainder of Tuesday evening.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
9109,"Despite Widespread Concerns, DOJ Spreads Election Monitors Thin","Despite Widespread Concerns, DOJ Spreads Election Monitors Thin 2013 gutting of Voting Rights Act means fewer full-access election observers will be stationed at polling places. | November 8, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Inflatable figures direct voters at the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters, Oct. 24, 2016, in San Jose, Calif. 
The 2013 gutting of the Voting Rights Act means the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) will deploy just 500 election monitors to polling places in 28 states on Tuesday—hundreds less than in 2012, and imbued with limited powers. 
The DOJ made its announcement Monday amid escalated concerns about voter intimidation and discrimination . 
“The bedrock of our democracy is the right to vote, and the Department of Justice works tirelessly to uphold that right not only on Election Day, but every day,” said Attorney General Loretta Lynch. “The department is deeply committed to the fair and unbiased application of our voting rights laws and we will work tirelessly to ensure that every eligible person that wants to do so is able to cast a ballot.” 
But the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County, Alabama v. Holder , which struck down parts of the 1965 Voting Rights Act (VRA), means that work will be curtailed as compared with previous years. 
The 500 personnel will be deployed in 67 jurisdictions across 28 states; in 2012 there were 780 monitors sent to 51 jurisdictions in 24 states. 
Not all the DOJ officials will have the full powers of election “observers.” As Reuters explains : Most of those states will receive Justice Department staff who have no statutory authority to access polling sites as a result of a 2013 Supreme Court decision that struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act, curtailing the department’s ability to deploy election observers with unfettered access to the polls. […] Courts have granted the Justice Department permission to deploy full-access observers in five states: Alaska, California, Louisiana, New York, and Alabama. But the court order for Alabama only pertains to municipal elections and it is not on the list of states where the Justice Department is deploying poll watchers this year. The Justice Department staff who are deployed to the other 24 states on Tuesday will be election “monitors”, who must rely on local and state authorities to grant them access to polling locations. 
Bloomberg notes that the DOJ was able to send observers to 13 states in 2012. 
According to the DOJ, the agency’s Civil Rights Division will monitor the election on the ground in the following 67 jurisdictions: Bethel Census Area, Alaska;",0
9110,Why So Many Business Leaders Are Tiptoeing Around Donald Trump - The New York Times,"In conversations over the last several months with chief executives and other business leaders, the discussion invariably turns to the presidential election. And with few exceptions, at some point, most of the executives say something critical, even derogatory, about Donald Trump  —   but it is quickly followed by, “I could never say that on the record. ” Almost as quickly, I ask why. The answer is almost universal: fear. Which brings us to Reid Hoffman, the   of LinkedIn and celebrated venture capital investor who had one of the first stakes in both Facebook and Airbnb. Unlike many of his peers, Mr. Hoffman has taken to publicly denouncing Mr. Trump. Last week, he pledged to donate $5 million to a veterans’ group if Mr. Trump released his tax returns before the last presidential debate in October. And now he has gone so far as to release a card game, “Trumped Up Cards: The World’s Biggest Deck” that pokes fun at Mr. Trump. The website that sells the game describes it as “a multiplayer card game where players need really big hands to win. ” The game, which is modeled after “Apples to Apples” or “Cards Against Humanity,” includes a free pass called, “Play the women card” and uses the tagline: “This is a game, democracy isn’t. ” The box, in tiny print, says, “Made in China, just like   ties, dress shirts, suits, cuff links, eyeglasses, pens, lamps, mirrors, salad bowls, body soap and teddy bears. ” But Mr. Hoffman said he almost didn’t make his political views  —   and the card game  —   so public because he worried, as did his family and friends (who originally counseled him against it) that he might become a target for Mr. Trump and his Twitter account  —   or worse. “People are fearful that, especially in a circumstance where he might be in a position of extreme power as a potential presidential candidate, that that would be used in a retaliatory way, that would be used in vengeful way,” Mr. Hoffman told me in an interview. “Everyone gets worried about being attacked, and part of the logic and mechanics of bullies is that they cause people to be fearful that they’ll be singled out and attacked. ” Mr. Hoffman continued: “It’s the same thing like on school grounds, when people won’t go help the kid who is being bullied because they’re worried that the bully will focus on them. ” Mr. Hoffman articulated a view that is often whispered within the business community  —   among those who are voting against Mr. Trump  —   but rarely spoken aloud. I have talked to some of the top executives of the Fortune 500 companies in recent months, and I’d be   to name one who didn’t at least roll his or her eyes when Mr. Trump’s name was mentioned. Technology companies are afraid that Mr. Trump might criticize their approach to privacy, as he did with Apple. Wall Street banks worry he might seek to break them up. Health care companies are nervous that he might attack them over pricing. Multinationals are worried about trade. All of these are valid issues on the campaign trail  —   but with Mr. Trump, unlike other politicians, the criticism seems more personal and vitriolic. “I’ve had a whole bunch of those kinds of concerns from people around me,” Mr. Hoffman said. “People who have legitimate concerns about, ‘Would LinkedIn become a target for Trump’s ire and attacks? Would he make Second Amendment jokes about your friends and family? ’” That is not to say that all chief executives have remained silent this election season. A new survey I wrote about several weeks ago in this column showed just how influential those political positions can be, even if they are simply a signal to others. Chief executives like Howard Schultz of Starbucks, who has endorsed Hillary Clinton, have said positive things about the candidate they support  —   without going negative on the other candidate. However, only a handful of executives  —   mostly retired ones or entrepreneurs who work for themselves (think Mark Cuban, who has come out against Mr. Trump, or Kenneth Langone, who has castigated Mrs. Clinton) or those who seem to have been granted a special status (think Warren Buffett, a Trump foe) have been openly critical of either side. Mr. Hoffman said he had a theory for the silence. “There’s two sets of things that cause people to be quiet,” he said. “One is there’s a culture in America that business leadership is to be apolitical. It’s like Michael Jordan’s comment, ‘Republicans buy Nikes too. ’” (Mr. Jordan was quoted as saying that in “Second Coming,” the 1995 Sam Smith book about the athlete, about why he sought to avoid taking political positions publicly. Mr. Smith cited one of Mr. Jordan’s friends as the source.) Another reason for reticence in the business community, Mr. Hoffman said: “It’s fear for themselves, or fear they’re attentive to bringing their communities into it. ” While these undercurrents are always there during big elections, they seem more pronounced than usual during this ferociously contentious cycle. “I feel sympathetic to the folks, compassionate to the folks who fall silent in that fear,” said Mr. Hoffman, who then proceeded to issue a call to arms. “I think the only thing I would say is that precisely when you feel that fear, it’s precisely the time where if you aspire to be a courageous leader, that fear is a signal to you that you should step forward. ” After all, if those who can afford to make their voices heard do not do so, who will? “If you are in a position of power and in a position of being able to make a difference and you are feeling fearful, think what everyone else is feeling,” Mr. Hoffman said. All these sentiments dovetail with the reactions Mr. Hoffman said he had received about his card game. “I’ve had a number of Republicans actually think it was terrifically funny,” he said, explaining that he had asked some of them to provide promotional quotes about the game. “I’m hopeful maybe in the next week or two I might be able to persuade a couple of them, but thus far all of my requests to my friends for public quotes have been demurred  —   maybe out of fear of retaliation. ”",0
9111,Trump swept to victory by fans of poor quality 80s action films,"Trump swept to victory by fans of poor quality 80s action films 09-11-16 MEN who love the films of Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal are responsible for Trump’s election victory, it has emerged. An unusually high voter turnout among people whose favourite films are Missing in Action , Death Wish 2 or Lone Wolf McQuade is believed to have sealed America’s fate. Trump voter Wayne Hayes said: “I believe masculine 80s action films, featuring a foreign baddie and one sex scene shot in silhouette, are the pinnacle of cinema and a template for how to live. “I particularly like it if they have a paranoid theme, like Invasion USA . I’ve even written a script called Blood Hunter II: Midnight Revenge Attack about a former POW killing gang members with his metal hand. “He has a dog called Maverick that wears an eye patch.” He added: “They should show Under Siege in schools, because if you’re a chef on a big boat and it’s attacked by terrorists, you need to be able to save the sexy woman.” 
Share:",0
9112,Concern Mounts as Over 250 Earthquakes Hit Border - Breitbart,"What originally seemed an isolated group of 100 small earthquakes on New Year’s Eve has now grown to “more than 250 earthquakes,” and apprehension is running high. [On January 1 Breitbart News reported 100 earthquakes hit in the area of Brawley, CA. ABC 7 reported that the largest of the quakes was about 3. 9 magnitude. They also reported that scientists said larger quakes in the region were possible, and that “the shaking [could] continue for several days. ”  Seismologist Lucy Jones said there was an outbreak of quakes in the same region in 2012, and that the 2012 outbreak was larger. Map of today’s quakes (pink) with quakes in much bigger 2012 swarm. From Caltech pic. twitter.   —   Dr. Lucy Jones (@DrLucyJones) January 1, 2017,  The New Year’s Eve earthquakes occurred roughly 30 miles from the San Andreas Fault, and were not expected to cause large quakes. But the additional 150 quakes since Saturday have people on edge, including some scientists. CBS San Francisco reports that the movement and shifting related to the quakes is now concerning. Scientists say the “seismically active” area “is the region that connects the San Andreas and Imperial faults,” and that “both faults can produce devastating earthquakes. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com,    ",0
9113,The Most Unhealthy Jobs in America,"Prev post Page 1 of 4 Next 
There are many jobs that are commonly understood to be dangerous to your health. Many people know the risk of these positions and continue to do their jobs diligently nonetheless. After all, we all have to make a living, and many people love what they do. 
However, a recent study may cause us to rethink some of the things we thought we knew about which jobs are safe and which are not. It could also cause some to rethink their career goals. These researchers did their due diligence, and through a very scientific process, put together a list of the most unhealthy jobs in America. 
While many on the list would surprise no one– nuclear medicine technologist, for example– there are some that may surprise even the people in the positions. Possibly the most shocking on the list was their number one most unhealthy career in America: dentists, dental surgeons and dental assistants. 
Other surprises on the list include flight attendant, veterinarian and podiatrist. While many of these may not seem to make sense at first, after a closer look, one begins to understand the thinking and the process behind the rankings. For some, it includes the unusual amount of time spent sitting down. For others, factors like possible exposure to infectious disease explain their place on the list. Unfortunately for dentists, they hit a double-whammy on those factors plus several other aspects of the job that are viewed as unhealthy. 
The list also includes several of the old hits like chemical plant and systems operator, radiologist and derrick operators. However, even the order of some of these and the dangerous attributes attributed to them can be surprising. 
Perhaps I shouldn’t admit this, but there were even some on the list that were surprising simply because of their existence. One of those was histotechnologist; I didn’t even know that was a thing. In case you are more or equally uneducated as I, a histotechnologist is part of a medical laboratory team that prepares tissue for analysis and diagnosis of disease. If you did know that, you probably are a histotechnologist. 
The information used in determining this list comes from the Occupational Informational Network, or O*Net. O*Net is a U.S. Department of Labor database that contains detailed information about hundreds of careers and occupations. It provides a host of useful facts for job seekers, human resources professionals, students and researchers. 
In order to analyze occupations by the possible impact they could have on workers’ health, the researchers used O*Net measures of six different health risks and averaged them together. The types of risk include: Exposure to contaminants Exposure to disease and infection Exposure to hazardous conditions Risk of minor burns, cuts, bites and stings Time spent sitting ",0
9114,ABC News: Trump’s Executive Order Could Mean Deportation for 11 Million Illegals - Breitbart,"ABC News reports that the illegal immigrant population in the United States could face deportation as a result of the executive order President Donald Trump signed on Wednesday, according to legal experts. A 2014 Pew Research Center study estimated the number of illegals in the U. S. to be at least 11 million. [From Julia Jacobo and Lauren Pearle at ABC News:  The order delineates several categories of undocumented immigrants who are priority for removal from the United States including those who have been “charged with any criminal offense” or those who have “committed acts that constitute as a chargeable offense. ” On the campaign trail, Trump has vacillated several times on the issue, at first indicating that all undocumented immigrants would be sent back” if they’ve done well they’re going out and they’re coming back in legally. ” Then he tempered his remarks to focus on undocumented immigrants who committed crimes. But Trump’s executive order appears to extend beyond this. “Many aliens who illegally enter the United States and those who overstay or otherwise violate the terms of their visas present a significant threat to national security and public safety,” the order states. “This is particularly so for aliens who engage in criminal conduct in the United States. ” Anyone who came to the U. S. illegally  —   that is without passing through border inspection committed a criminal misdemeanor and could fall into the priority removal category, legal experts tell ABC News. Read the rest here. ",0
9115,Donald Trump Signs Bills Assisting Law Enforcement: ‘We Are Behind You 100 Percent’,"President Donald Trump signed two bills on Friday assisting law enforcement officers, vowing to back the community “100 percent. ”[“We are here today to reaffirm our unbreakable support for the American heroes who keep our streets, our homes, and our citizens safe, and they’ve been doing an amazing job under very adverse conditions,” Trump said during a signing ceremony at the White House.  Trump signed the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act, a bill to help streamline benefits for disabled officers and the families of fallen officers. “For too long, injured officers have suffered, and the children of fallen officers have put their dreams of college on hold while bureaucracy delayed crucial benefits, made it impossible for their families,” Trump said. “No longer. It’s unacceptable, and it’s going to end today. ” Trump also signed the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act, a bill allowing federal grants to help military veterans transition to careers in law enforcement. “America is proud of our veterans, and I think I can say a double proud or a triple proud,” he said. Referring to his decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, Trump joked that the two bills he signed Friday were “slightly less controversial than yesterday. ” Several members of the law enforcement community joined Trump in the Diplomatic Reception Room for the signing ceremony, including representatives from the Fraternal Order of Police and the National Sheriffs’ Association. Law enforcement officers from Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio, California, and Virginia were also present. “When a home is threatened, when danger visits our doorstep, when innocent lives are on the line, Americans turn to their courageous officers of law enforcement because we know they are here to serve and to protect us all,” Trump said, thanking them.",0
9116,Who Decides Who Counts as Native American? - The New York Times,"In the fall of 2012, a    fisherman and carver named Terry St. Germain decided to enroll his five young children as members of the Nooksack, a federally recognized Native American tribe with some 2, 000 members, centered in the northwestern corner of Washington State. He’d enrolled his two older daughters, from a previous relationship, when they were babies, but hadn’t yet filed the paperwork to make his younger children  —   all of whom, including a set of twins, were under 7  —   official members. He saw no reason to worry about a bureaucratic endorsement of what he knew to be true. “My kids, they love being Native,” he told me. St. Germain was a teenager when he enrolled in the tribe. For decades, he used tribal fishing rights to harvest salmon and sea urchin and Dungeness crab alongside his cousins. He had dozens of family members who were also Nooksack. His mother, according to family lore, was directly descended from a   Nooksack chief known as Matsqui George. His brother, Rudy, was the secretary of the Nooksack tribal council, which oversaw membership decisions. The process, he figured, would be so straightforward that his kids would be certified Nooksacks in time for Christmas, when the tribe gives parents a small stipend for buying gifts: “I thought it was a    situation. ” But after a few months, the applications had still not gone through. When Rudy asked why, at a tribal council meeting, the chairman, Bob Kelly, called in the enrollment department. They told Rudy that they had found a problem with the paperwork. There were missing documents ancestors seemed to be incorrectly identified. They didn’t think Terry’s children’s claims to tribal membership could be substantiated. At the time, Rudy and Kelly were friends, allies on the council. At the long oval table where they met to discuss Nooksack business, Rudy always sat at Kelly’s right. But the debate over whether Rudy’s family qualified as Nooksack tore them apart. Today, more than four years later, they no longer speak. Rudy and his extended family refer to Kelly as a monster and a dictator he calls them pond scum and con artists. They agree on almost nothing, but both remember the day when things fell apart the same way. “If my nephew isn’t Nooksack,” Rudy said in the council chambers, “then neither am I. ” To Rudy, the words were an expression of shock. “It’s fighting words,” he said, to tell someone they’re not really part of their tribe. At stake were not just his family’s jobs and homes and treaty rights but also who they were and where they belonged. “I’ll still be who I am, but I won’t have proof,” Rudy said. “I’ll be labeled a  . So yeah, I take this very personally. ” To Kelly, the words were an admission of guilt, implicating not just the St. Germains but also hundreds of tribal members to whom they were related. As chairman, he felt that he had a sacred duty: to protect the tribe from invasion by a group of people that, he would eventually argue, weren’t even Native Americans. “I’m in a war,” he told me later, sketching family trees on the back of a copy of the tribe’s constitution. “This is our culture, not a game. ” The St. Germains’ rejected application proved to be a turning point for the Nooksack. Separately, the family and the council began combing through Nooksack history, which, like that of many tribes in the United States, is complicated by government efforts to extinguish, assimilate and relocate the tribe, and by a dearth of historical documents. An international border drawn across historically Nooksack lands only adds to the confusion. There were some records and even some living memories of the ancestors whose Nooksack heritage was being called into doubt. But no one could agree on what the records meant. In January 2013, Kelly announced that, after searching through files at the Bureau of Indian Affairs office in nearby Everett, he had reason to doubt the legitimacy of more than 300 enrolled Nooksacks related to the St. Germains, all of whom claimed to descend from a woman named Annie George, born in 1875. In February, he canceled the constitutionally required council meeting, saying it would be “improper” to convene when Rudy St. Germain and another council member, Rudy’s cousin Michelle Roberts, were not eligible to be part of the tribe they’d been elected to lead. A week later, he called an executive session of the council but demanded that St. Germain and Roberts remain outside while the rest of the council voted on whether to “initiate involuntary disenrollment” for them and 304 other Nooksacks, including 37 elders. The resolution passed unanimously. “It hurt me,” Terry St. Germain said later. Even harder was watching the effect on his brother, Rudy. “It took the wind right out of him. ” Two days after the meeting, the tribal council began sending out letters notifying affected members that unless they could provide proof of their legitimacy, they would be disenrolled in 30 days. Word and shock spread quickly through the small,   reservation. The disenrollees, now calling themselves “the Nooksack 306,” hired a lawyer and vowed to contest their expulsion. “I told ’em, ‘I know where I belong no matter what you say,’’u2009” an    woman who, in her youth, had been punished for “speaking Indian” at school, said. “’u2009‘You can’t make me believe that I’m not. ’’u2009” The Nooksacks who want the 306 out of the tribe say they are standing up for their very identity, fighting for the integrity of a tribe taken over by outsiders. “We’re ready to die for this,” Kelly would later say. “And I think we will, before this is over. ” Outside the lands legally known as “Indian Country,” “membership” and “enrollment” are such blandly bureaucratic words that it’s easy to lose sight of how much they matter there. To the 566 federally recognized tribal nations, the ability to determine who is and isn’t part of a tribe is an essential element of what makes tribes sovereign entities. To individuals, membership means citizenship and all the emotional ties and treaty rights that come with it. To be disenrolled is to lose that citizenship: to become stateless. It can also mean the loss of a broader identity, because recognition by a tribe is the most accepted way to prove you are Indian  —   not just Nooksack but Native American at all. Efforts to define Native American identity date from the earliest days of the colonies. Before the arrival of white settlers, tribal boundaries were generally fluid intermarriages and alliances were common. But as the new government’s desire to expand into Indian Territory grew, so, too, did the interest in defining who was and who wasn’t a “real Indian. ” Those definitions shifted as the colonial government’s goals did. “Mixed blood” Indians, for example, were added to rolls in hopes that assimilated Indians would be more likely to cede their land later, after land claims were established, more restrictive definitions were adopted. In the 19th century, the government began relying heavily on blood quantum, or “degree of Indian blood,” wagering that, over generations of intermarriage, tribes would be diluted to the point that earlier treaties would not have to be honored. “’u2009‘As long as grass grows or water runs’  —   a phrase that was often used in treaties with American Indians  —   is a relatively permanent term for a contract,” the Ojibwe author David Treuer wrote in a 2011   for The Times. “’u2009‘As long as the blood flows’ seemed measurably shorter. ” Even for those early rolls, though, determining blood quantum was tricky it was not a measure that tribal people used or something they kept track of. Government agents compiling base rolls in the 1800s sometimes simply guessed at the percentage of Indian blood at the time, anthropologists used feet and hair width as a “scientific” test of blood degree in indigenous tribes. Many traditionalist Indians, known as “irreconcilables” or “blanket Indians,” were so suspicious of the government that they refused to be enrolled at all, making all their descendants unenrollable as well. In 1988 the historian Kent Carter coined a   term for the millions who claim Indian ancestry but who, for a variety of reasons, don’t sort neatly into today’s official boxes: people with mixed tribal heritage people whose ancestors were denied recognition by early government agents or died before registration was complete people whose tribes, in the face of the federal government’s attempts to extinguish them, didn’t maintain the cohesion that same government would later require for recognition. Carter called them the “outalucks. ” Contemporary Indian identity is refracted through a tangled accumulation of   and   understandings of biology and race, as well as several centuries’ worth of conflicting federal policies. The Constitution uses the word “Indian” twice but never bothers to define it. A congressional survey in 1978 found that, in addition to the different requirements used by tribes and individual states, federal legislation defined Native Americans in at least 33 ways. In 2005, one frustrated judge, quoting an earlier decision, described the legal definitions of   as “’u2009‘a complex patchwork of federal, state and tribal law,’ which is better explained by history than by logic. ” Given the web of criteria, courts are sometimes called upon to decide whether individuals, or even tribes, are “authentically” Indian. This has led to weighing things like whether   128ths constitutes a “significant degree” of Indian blood (a federal court ruled in 2009 that it did) whether someone who was “Indian in an anthropological or   sense” was also Indian for the purposes of criminal jurisdiction if his tribe isn’t federally recognized (the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decided he was not) and whether behaviors like eating fast food and driving cars show that a tribe’s culture had been abandoned and its land rights “extinguished” (in 1991, a Canadian court said that they did the ruling was later overturned). Modern Native Americans  —   who in 2017 are still issued cards by the federal government certifying their “Degree of Indian Blood”  —   are used to, if not necessarily comfortable with, the need to “prove” their identities in ways that may seem strange to people of other ethnicities. Tribes set their own membership requirements, but in order to be recognized by the federal government, they must also prove their historical continuity and have generally hewed to the methods it has established. Tribes have on occasion been warned that federal recognition, and thus their   rights, can disappear if their membership becomes unclear. When, in 1994, the Blackfeet Nation considered doing away with its   requirement, a Bureau of Indian Affairs official warned that a tribe that “diluted” its relationship with its members might find that “it has ‘ ’ its sovereignty away. ” Today, most tribes use direct descent from tribal members listed on historical rolls and blood quantum. For a 2003 book, “Real Indians: Identity and the Survival of Native America,” the Cherokee scholar Eva Marie Garroutte interviewed Native people about what it felt like to be defined in this way. Many said they saw blood quantum as a helpful guidepost and a guard against fraud or against people who identify as Indian without cultural understanding. Others regarded it as odd, even offensive. An Ojibwe man joked that he is also “part white, but I don’t have the papers to prove it. ” A    woman replied, “I don’t like being talked about in a vocabulary usually reserved for dogs and horses. ” Lately, though, old debates about identity have taken a harsh new direction. Loss of tribal acceptance, which was once rare and seldom permanent, has become increasingly common over the last two decades. David Wilkins, a professor of American Indian studies at the University of Minnesota who has followed the phenomenon since the   says there has been a surge in disenrollment that involves between 5, 000 and 9, 000 people in 79 tribes across 20 states. Even the dead have been disenrolled and, in some cases, exhumed from their graves, against tradition and taboo, to have their DNA tested. The ejection of tribal members is most prevalent in small tribes with casinos on their land “per capita” profit shares go further when split fewer ways. Many of the most famous cases have been in California: Following the opening of a new tribal casino in 2003, the Chukchansi, in Coarsegold, disenrolled more than half of approximately 1, 600 tribal members, and battles among factions eventually led to an armed takeover of the casino. But disenrollment also happens where casino money isn’t a major factor (the Nooksack have one casino and another recently closed, but don’t make enough money from gaming to issue per capita payments) or isn’t a factor at all, as in tribes where factions hope to consolidate political power or settle grudges or simply believe that people were mistakenly let in. Robert Williams, chairman of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program at the University of Arizona, told me that some tribes have recently begun to hire membership consultants to help trim their rolls. “It’s almost become an industry in some parts of Indian Country,” he said. The National Native American Bar Association issued a resolution in 2015 denouncing loss of membership without due process, while the Association of American Indian Physicians warned that such loss of identity could cause serious grief and depression. In general, though, the voices against disenrollment have been few. A 1978 Supreme Court decision, Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, held that, due to its sovereignty, a tribe cannot be sued for discrimination for accepting the children of male members who married outside the tribe but not those of female members who did. It has been widely interpreted as giving tribes the right to determine their membership requirements, even if individual rights are compromised. The Bureau of Indian Affairs, out of respect for sovereignty, has repeatedly declined to intervene in internal membership disputes. Native leaders, leery of inviting scrutiny that could undermine tribal sovereignty, have been reluctant to speak out. “They tend to view any interference in such matters as an intrusion of the thin end of an infinitely expandable wedge against which they must exercise constant vigilance,” writes Garroutte. Ron Allen, the chairman of the Jamestown S’Klallam  —   a Western Washington tribe that disenrolled six members for insufficient blood quantum  —   says that “the topic is rising” and eliciting strong emotions, but it’s not appropriate to tell other tribes what to do: “It would be like Oregon saying to Washington, ‘You’re not managing your affairs properly. ’’u2009” Of the sweeping lands that historically made up Nooksack territory  —   it once stretched from the glaciated heights of Mt. Baker to the rocky shores of Puget Sound  —   the tribe now owns about 2, 500 acres, bought from private owners in the last 50 years. The reservation is centered in Deming, an unincorporated town of a few hundred people, with pockets of tribal housing scattered beyond it. Most Nooksack tribal members do not live on the reservation many of them, or their ancestors, followed opportunities in the more developed southern Sound or in other parts of the country. Adelina   64, lives across the Sound, closer to the Olympic Mountains. A   of Annie George, the common ancestor who unites the Nooksack disenrollees, and a cousin of Rudy and Terry St. Germain’s mother, she was among the first of the 306 accepted as Nooksack decades ago. One afternoon as we sat on her porch watching ships come and go from Seattle, she showed me the letter the tribe sent her in 1983, announcing her new membership. Overhead, a bald eagle wheeled inside, her husband, a painter, made sketches for a portrait of Annie George. He was working from an old, grainy photograph that he wasn’t sure depicted George. A relative found it in a shed, and the features were indistinct. “Once you title something,” he said, laughing, “it is what you say it is. ” After she got her letter of acceptance,   recalled, she was quick to tell her family, and then to write back to the enrollment director: “We were all jubilant, laughing, full of joy, jumping, screaming, crying, and the greatest overwhelming feeling of belonging somewhere. ” She was proud, she wrote, to finally know where she came from, “and prouder still to be a Nooksack Indian. ”   didn’t set out to be a member of the Nooksack tribe. She grew up well south of Nooksack lands, following her parents as they sought work in the fields, orchards and canneries of Washington State. Her father was Filipino and her mother was Indian, raised on a Shxway reserve in British Columbia. Her mother always said she was part Shxway, a Canadian band within the Stolo nation, through her grandfather, and part Nooksack, through her grandmother Annie George. Annie George’s three daughters  —    ’s grandmother and her two aunts  —   all married Filipino farmworkers. The family spoke Halkomelem, a native language that was widely spoken in what is now British Columbia but also in the Nooksack River valley until the   century it eventually largely replaced the original Nooksack language, Lhechalosem. As a child,   would sometimes drive north with her mother to visit family, and they would stop off in Nooksack territory to visit a man they called Uncle Louis. In 1983,   her mother and one of her   decided they wanted to learn more about their heritage. They went to the Bureau of Indian Affairs office in Everett, Wash. and then to the Nooksack enrollment office in Deming, to work on a family tree.  ’s mother told the enrollment director that her grandmother’s name was Annie George, and that her grandmother’s siblings had been named Louis, Amanda, Frank and William. Annie George wasn’t on the family trees the tribe had, and she wasn’t listed on any of the censuses it used, but Louis George was on a Nooksack tribal census from 1942. In a probate document, they found Annie’s name: Four interviewees described her as Louis’s half sister. The enrollment director encouraged the women to apply for membership, and they did. Within a month, the council sent them word that they had been accepted.   was the 777th enrolled member of the Nooksack tribe. Many of her relatives quickly followed. (Some also enrolled, separately, as Shxway.) As more houses became available, more members of the three families moved to reservation lands. Before long, the descendants of Annie George became an influential voting bloc, and their members were being elected to council seats and hired to run tribal offices. While some elders welcomed them, others were skeptical. The sisters had never lived on Nooksack land. Some elders had no memory of them others remembered them visiting but thought of them as Shxway. Kelly heard, indirectly, that elders in British Columbia didn’t remember the sisters’ being born there, but rather, showing up suddenly as young children  —   the beginning of his suspicions that, though they “had teachings,” the sisters weren’t Annie’s real daughters at all but   children she had taken in. Roberts showed me copies of two of the sisters’ birth certificates, reissued later in their lives, listing Annie and her husband as their parents. Other members of the tribe remembered knowing some of the 306 further south in the 1950s, when their families were doing agricultural work at the time, they said, the families identified as Filipino. They certainly hadn’t been around in the 1960s or ’70s, when the tribe was writing its constitution  —   when, as Kelly put it, the council “took a look around at who was here when they passed it, and they wrote their criteria for that, based on who was here  —   this is who Nooksack’s going to be. ” The debate continued into the 1990s, when the tribe did an enrollment audit of one of the three families descended from Annie’s daughters, the Rabangs. They were ultimately found to be enrollable, but not before an ugly confrontation. In 2000, after a number of Rabangs were arrested for smuggling marijuana into the United States from Canada, some elders told The Associated Press that “a clan of outsiders masquerading as Nooksacks” was “controlling tribal government. ” Bob Kelly now calls   and the other first enrollees from her extended family “Trojan horses. ” The Nooksack, as is the case with many tribes, have not always been known by their modern name. Rather, Nooksack, which is also rendered Noxwsá7aq, was the name of one of many villages scattered along what is now called the Nooksack River. When white settlers arrived in the   century, they applied the name of the village to all the people in the valley. Noxwsá7aq translates to “always bracken fern roots,” on which people of the village are said to have subsisted during a time of famine. One tribal member told me that she thinks the name captures something of what it means to be Nooksack. It makes her feel like a survivor. That’s a fair description of Nooksack history, especially in the last few hundred years. For centuries, the people fished their own river valley but also traveled regularly, including to what is now Canada’s Fraser River, to fish for salmon or gather shellfish. They intermarried and formed alliances with their neighbors on both sides of what is now an international border. When white settlers arrived and introduced new diseases, many of the Nooksack died. By some counts their numbers plummeted to 450 from perhaps 1, 200. In the 1855 Treaty of Point Elliot, in which Coast Salish tribes ceded their lands to the federal government in exchange for small reservations and the right to continue fishing, hunting and gathering, the Nooksack received no reservation. Instead, as settlers moved onto their lands, they were told to go live with the Lummi, in their new reservation by the coast. Most refused. Of those who remained, some filed homestead claims on their own lands others scattered in search of a livelihood. For the next hundred years, as far as the federal government was concerned, the tribe essentially ceased to exist. This is not an unusual story. The federal government used the law as “a mighty, pulverizing engine to break up the tribal mass,” as Teddy Roosevelt said to Congress in 1901. He was referring to the General Allotment Act, under which tribally owned land was carved into small parcels and handed out to individuals. It was a huge blow to the stability and sovereignty of tribes: Within 20 years, Native people lost ownership of 90 million acres. It was also the beginning of the government’s reliance on blood quantum to determine Indian status. Those deemed “ ” or less were regarded as more responsible and given more freedom to handle their land. Even many “progressive” reformers saw assimilation into white society as the best way to transform tribal members into citizens. “Kill the Indian in the student so we can save the man!” went the famous slogan of a superintendent at one of the 500 boarding schools that Native children, forcibly separated from their families, were made to attend. Some Nooksack people, unrecognized by the federal government, stayed on their lands and continued to operate as a tribe. In the 1920s, they joined other Northwest tribes to sue the federal government for lands lost in the 1930s, even though they weren’t considered eligible to participate, they voted to accept the Indian Reorganization Act, in which the government backed away from its assimilationist policies and instead encouraged tribes to be   and  . (A decade later the United States ended its    relationships with tribes and returned to promoting assimilation, before changing its policies and pushing   again.) In the 1960s, a committee of Nooksacks opened a bid for federal recognition. They gained title to one acre of land in Deming, the first Nooksack Reservation, in 1970, and full federal recognition in 1973. Like many tribes, they adopted a constitution based on a model that the Bureau of Indian Affairs developed during the reorganization period in the 1930s. The new constitution restricted Nooksack membership to recipients of early land allotments, recipients of a 1965 government settlement or people who appeared on a 1942 tribal census. Their direct descendants could also be enrolled, provided they had “at least   ( ) degree Indian blood. ” The Nooksack weren’t alone in seeing   applicants turn up after the tribe was officially recognized. Ron Allen, the tribal chairman of the Jamestown S’Klallam, told me it was common, in the last decades of the 20th century, for the “  communities” of northwestern tribes to be surprised by a “wave” of people who started coming back to places their families once left. He credits the political advancement of tribes, which made members of the broader society feel that it was “O. K. to be Indian. ” Tribes generally welcomed the new arrivals, he said, but still, “it was like, ‘Where are all these Indians coming from? ’’u2009” The most outspoken critics of disenrollment call it a form of genocide. Others don’t go quite so far but still view the practice as an outgrowth of policies designed to suppress Native American identity  —   “to control us, to assimilate us, and ultimately, to extinguish us,” as John McCoy, a Washington State senator and member of the Tulalip Tribes, neighbors to the Nooksack, wrote in an   for the Indian Country Media Network earlier this year. Robert Williams, of the University of Arizona, argues that disenrollment is a remnant of “colonialism and good   American racism, with Indians left to deal with the mess. ” In a 2015 tweet, Sherman Alexie, the Spokane and Coeur d’Alene author, put it even more emphatically: “Dear Indian tribes who disenroll members, you should be ashamed of your colonial and capitalistic bullshit. ” The first person to reply to Alexie’s tweet  —   thanking him for speaking out when others were silent  —   was Gabe Galanda, a member of the Round Valley Indian tribes in California and the lawyer whom the Nooksack 306 hired to represent them. The next replies came from some of Galanda’s other clients: former members of the Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde, who were disenrolled in 2014. Grand Ronde was formed in 1857 when the federal government forced at least 27 tribes and bands to leave their homelands, which ranged from California to Washington, and move to a reservation in Oregon. The 86 Grand Ronde disenrollees descend from a man known as Chief Tumulth, who signed one of the treaties that created the reservation. Decades after they enrolled, tribal officials noted that Chief Tumulth failed to appear on the official base roll, made the year it was founded. It was true: He was hanged the year before, by a lieutenant of the U. S. Army. I thought of this last spring as I watched   leaf through old letters and family trees, newspaper clippings and documents. “We didn’t make the laws,” she said. “We just got stuck in the middle. ” After the first disenrollment letters went out to Nooksack members, Galanda appealed to tribal courts and the Department of the Interior and managed to delay the disenrollment hearings. Meanwhile, the 306 tried to make sense of what documents they could find to illuminate their past. They had no birth certificate for Annie, so they turned to old censuses and to   church records kept by the Archdiocese of Vancouver, marking the sacraments of birth, marriage and death. They found that Annie’s birth mother, Marie Siamat, was buried in December 1875, two days after giving birth to Annie, and that her father (variously recorded as Chief Matsqui, George Kot kro itmentwh, George Roelkwemeldon, George Tekwomclko, George Matsqui and so on) remarried a woman named Madeline Jobe. Indian censuses taken during Annie’s childhood repeatedly recorded her living with George and Madeline. Michelle Robert’s grandmother remembers her mother, Annie, referring to Madeline as the woman who raised her and as “Mother. ” The 306 think this is compelling evidence Madeline adopted Annie. The council remains unconvinced. Kelly says that citing Madeline as an ancestor  —   their only tie to recognized base rolls  —   was a blatant lie. If Madeline didn’t count, the family responded, they should still qualify for membership under Section H of the Nooksack constitution, which allows the enrollment of “persons who possess at least ¼ Indian blood and who can prove Nooksack ancestry to any degree. ” Records indicate that Matsqui was considered a Nooksack village even after the Canadian border was established to the south, and Matsqui George was a chief of the village. In a U. S. census from 1910, Louis George indicated that both his parents, Madeline and Matsqui George, were Nooksacks from Washington, and that he was a   Nooksack. Besides, the 306 like to point out, Kelly’s own family was adopted by the Nooksacks it is originally from a different Canadian tribe. Kelly suggested that the 306 disenroll themselves and reapply under Section H. But he soon called for a referendum to remove Section H from the Nooksack constitution. He said later that this change was unrelated to the 306 and was instead a   tightening of loose enrollment laws that could have let “almost anybody” in. The amendment passed with 61 percent support. As part of their defense, the 306 produced letters from anthropologists. One cited not just the requirements for Nooksack membership provided in tribal code but “historical documents, family oral history and   concepts of identity, affiliation and membership within anthropology regarding the social organization of the Coast Salish peoples. ” But for some tribal members, this only served to undermine his case. “It’s not a club,” a woman named Mary Brewer, who recently gave up her membership in the Lummi tribe to enroll as a Nooksack, told me. “My mom has about 10 different tribes in her ancestry, and she meets the requirements for only two. ” Their family lost title to 80 acres on the Yakima reservation because they didn’t have high enough blood quantum to be enrolled there they were sorry to lose the land, she said, but respected the rules by which modern tribes operate. Brewer’s mother, Diane, said she had two grandchildren whose blood quantum is  . “We’ve been telling them, better marry Native or else it’ll die out,” she said. “The 306 say, ‘Disenrollment isn’t traditional,’’u2009” Mary said. “Well, enrollment was never traditional!” It is, however, the way things work now. “It’s not, ‘this guy took care of me, and that’s how we did it in the olden days,’’u2009” Brewer continued. “If you don’t have documentation, then you’re not Indian. ” In more than 30 years of membership, Annie’s descendants became interwoven in the life of the tribe. They married other Nooksacks and had kids those kids had kids. But once the disenrollment process began, people chose sides. “It was just like a light switch,” Elizabeth Oshiro, one of the 306, told me. People she knew for years “all of a sudden had a different heart. ” With the hearings repeatedly delayed as lawsuits made their way through the tribal court system, both sides formed Facebook groups to argue their cases and regularly debated or taunted each other online. (Their competing slogans were “We Belong” and “We Are Nooksack. ”) “While some people challenge the idea of tribal enrollment, referring to it as ‘Western thinking’ and an imposed system on American Indians,” posted Katrice Romero, the tribe’s housing director, “that tribal enrollment number is what holds the United States government accountable to the American Indian people and its trust responsibility to tribes a responsibility that my ancestors fought, struggled and sacrificed for. ” On the reservation, Michelle Roberts found that people who babysat for her as a child or attended her wedding would no longer make eye contact with her. “The most important thing isn’t friendship,” says Diane Brewer, who no longer speaks to her former best friend, one of the 306. “The most important thing is the tribe. ” In the summer of 2013, Roberts was fired from her job as the   manager at the Nooksack River Casino. Later, when she tried to count the number of disenrollees and their allies who lost tribal jobs, she got to 58. At first, Kelly told me he wouldn’t comment on personnel decisions but later said, “We got rid of all them a long time ago. ” Rudy St. Germain was fired from his job as the casino’s landscaping manager and had to move his two boys into a relative’s house when he couldn’t make rent. “Those were dark days,” he told me. Today he works in a   plant. Roberts and St. Germain couldn’t find resolution in the council. Kelly began insisting that meetings be held over the phone. He’d received threats, he said, and it wasn’t safe to meet in person. When St. Germain and Roberts spoke, no one seemed to be able to hear them. I asked Kelly whether he muted them. He shrugged and said: “Probably. I muted a lot of people. ” (He says they weren’t supposed to be on the call in the first place.) The following winter, Kelly scheduled the first   council meetings in months on the Friday, Saturday and Monday of Martin Luther King Jr. Day weekend the Nooksack constitution allows for council members to be removed from office if they miss three monthly council meetings in a row. St. Germain and Roberts, who were out of town, tried to reach the council by phone or email. At the third meeting, the council declared their seats empty and appointed two new members to replace them. “It was the only way we could get them off council,” Kelly told me later. Rudy said, “I was lost for words. ” By that time, Kelly was calling the 306 scam artists. “Nobody stepped forward and claimed them!” he told me repeatedly. “You don’t show up and just insert yourself into someone else’s family tree. ” With an election looming and four of eight council seats expiring, the council asked the tribal court judge to keep pending disenrollees from voting. After the judge refused, the council declined to schedule the elections. The incumbents remained in office, but some argued that, without an elected quorum, the tribe had no viable government. Several lawsuits, including one called Kelly v. Kelly, brought by a group that included the chairman’s sons, were filed to force elections, but amid litigation, the council abruptly fired the tribe’s judge. The council also barred Galanda from practicing in the tribe’s courts, saying he’d behaved unethically by citing an opinion he wrote while serving as a judge for another tribe the court began to return all of his filings unopened. An appellate court directed the chief of police to arrest and imprison the court clerk if she continued to reject filings when the chief of police refused, the appellate court held him in contempt, began levying a fine of $1, 000 a day and wondered, in its ruling, if “at Nooksack, the rule of law is dead. ” (The council contends that, because the courts are under the jurisdiction of the council, these fines and rulings are meaningless.) Two of the remaining council members whose seats did not expire and who have resisted disenrollment (one is the mother of Kelly’s sons and is now married to one of the 306) were targeted with petitions calling for their recall. One of the recalls succeeded. The charge was treason. In July, some of the disenrollees and their allies scheduled what they called a general council meeting. To avoid the tribal police, they met on the grounds of an old logging show. Several people showed me text messages they received from tribal employees who said they’d been warned that they would be fired if they attended. Later, thinking Kelly might consider the meeting a kind of coup, I asked him what he thought of it. He shrugged. “It was meaningless,” he said. “It’s not real. It’s  . ” George Adams, who taught Lhechalosem language classes for the tribe until he was fired early last year (he’s such a fervent supporter of the 306 that he likes to call himself “307”) called the meeting to order he spoke in Lhechalosem, though he is considered the only remaining fluent speaker. (He learned the language by studying old recordings a quarter century after the last native speaker died.) Adams charged four witnesses with committing the proceedings to memory in order to later share what happened. “Remember these names,” he told the crowd, “because this is how we survived for thousands of years. ” People rose to speak. “My enrollment number is six, so there you go,” said one man, by way of introduction. Another said, “I’m 71 years old, and I’m kind of ashamed to call myself a Nooksack right now. Years ago, our people never asked, ‘Where you from?’ They welcomed you to their table. ” A woman asked how the decisions of this council could be considered valid when there were so few people, around 200, present. People began to speak of shutting down the tribe altogether, to force the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which had consistently declined to intervene, to call new elections. Adams asked for a vote. The crowd decided that the four expired seats on the tribal council were vacant, that everything the government had done since the canceled elections was invalid and that they should vote in four new officers  —   none of them disenrollees  —   from their own ranks. “This has to do with 10 generations from now,” one of the newly elected officers said. He described the   scenario: for lots of people to be cut off from the tribal community, “to be just a person roaming around, trying to figure it out for themselves. ” The new treasurer, Bernadine Roberts, a short,   woman (“Stand up please,” Adams told her. “Oh! You are standing! ”) who enrolled three years after the tribe was officially recognized, told me that until she moved to the reservation from Seattle, she “was one of those urban Indians that didn’t know much. ” She gave a brief acceptance speech about what it meant to her to reconnect to her family’s past. “My grandmother said we were going home, and I didn’t know what she was talking about,” she said. “But I know now. ” In July, after the meeting at the logging show, some of the Nooksack 306 joined in the intertribal Canoe Journey, an annual event in which hundreds of members from dozens of Northwest tribes spend weeks paddling the coast to and from one another’s lands for meals, dancing and ceremonies. They named their canoes  —     with seating for 15  —   for Annie’s daughters, and shared them with people of the Shxway band. Some Nooksacks told me this was ridiculous: the sharing with the Shxway, the names, participating at all. The Nooksack, they said, are known for racing narrow, fast war canoes, not paddling wide traveling canoes. Near the end of the journey, the canoes crossed Puget Sound and came to shore on a sandy beach in Seattle. George Adams, in the center canoe, stood and addressed two elders from the Muckleshoot tribe, which was hosting that day. “We are all one,” he said, “carrying on the tradition of knowing who you are and where you come from. ” The following month, the 306 celebrated what they saw as a hopeful precedent when the Grand Ronde Tribal Court of Appeals overturned the disenrollment of Chief Tumulth’s descendants, holding that it was unfair to subject tribal members to “such an extreme sanction” after accepting them for nearly three decades. Elsewhere, a few tribes have rejected disenrollment altogether. The Federated Indians of Graton Rancheria in California amended their constitution to ban disenrollment in 2013. The Spokane tribe of Washington did the same in 2015, as part of more than two dozen constitutional changes meant to better reflect the historical complexity of the tribe. But the Nooksack dispute dragged on. In October, the Bureau of Indian Affairs informed Kelly that it would not recognize any actions of the tribal council because it failed to hold elections in March 2016, stressing that it wasn’t telling the tribe who counted as a member but simply responding to the “exceedingly rare situation” of a council’s lacking a quorum. The tribe scheduled new elections and certified the results of a referendum to disenroll the 306. But the bureau would not recognize the results: by excluding pending disenrollees from voting, the tribe had violated its constitution and the rulings of its court of appeals. So when the 306 received letters informing them that their   disenrollment hearings had finally been scheduled to take place on the phone in November, they weren’t sure what to do. Some, including Rudy St. Germain, refused to participate on the grounds that the hearings were illegitimate. Others scheduled their appointments, then called in to tell the council they didn’t recognize its authority. Michelle Roberts called from Canada, where she was staying with Shxway friends. “Annie George was Nooksack because her father was Matsqui George, and he was Nooksack,” she said. “We are all Nooksack. I am Nooksack. I can’t say that more and mean it more. ” A voice came on the line. It was Bob Solomon, who holds one of the expired council seats and is a descendant of Madeline Jobe: “I have never heard anybody say that you were adopted by Madeline Jobe. You are not my relative through Madeline. ” “Yes, we are,” Roberts said, her voice rising. “The document proves it, my grandmother proves it, the oral history proves it. ” “That’s your story,” he said. “That’s not mine. ” A week later, the day before Thanksgiving, Kelly announced that the tribe had removed the names of “  who had been erroneously enrolled in the Tribe” from its membership list. Those who called and those who didn’t, all were gone. “It’s finally over,” he wrote. But of course it wasn’t over. The departments of Housing and Urban Development and Health and Human Services, which enforce the government’s treaty responsibilities to provide housing and health care to the tribe, did not recognize the disenrollment of the 306 and maintained they were still entitled to their services. In late December, the Bureau of Indian Affairs warned that the tribe’s failure to hold valid elections put all its federal funding at risk. There were now two sides offering two competing realities, each telling the other it was illegitimate. The 306 would be another chapter in the long, strange history of who decides who is  —   and who isn’t  —   an Indian.",0
9117,MasterCard Tests Credit Cards with Embedded Fingerprint Reader - Breitbart,"MasterCard is currently testing a credit card with a fingerprint scanner embedded within it, creating an extra layer of biometric authentication to keep the accounts of their customers as safe as possible. [Convenience and security are the two key benefits of the new system that MasterCard have highlighted. While contactless payment technology offers speed, no authentication is usually needed. PIN numbers are more secure, but they take a greater amount of time, can be forgotten, and can easily be seen if the keypad is not obscured from prying eyes. The fingerprint system provides the best of both worlds at least in MasterCard’s opinion.  Previous iterations of biometric cards required a separate fingerprint scanner, limiting their usefulness, as the special equipment needed to be provided by the store, which only a small minority did. This new generation of cards only needs to be inserted into the standard terminal, with the fingerprint authentication bypassing the need to enter a PIN number. A MasterCard spokesperson did say that “If the finger is too greasy or sweaty and the biometric doesn’t go through, the cardholder would experience a small delay and then asked to put in their PIN to complete the transaction,” which is a small price to pay for the benefits. Contactless payment technology will be implemented in future versions “adding to the simplicity and convenience at the checkout. ” However, to enroll their fingerprint on the system, customers must visit their bank and register their prints there. Usually, bankcard users are mailed their card, not requiring the extra journey to visit their local branch. MasterCard is “exploring ways to make remote registration possible” at this moment in time, but remote registration may open vulnerabilities in the security system. Karsten Nohl, chief scientist at Berlin’s Security Research Labs, also raised concerns about how secure the system may be. “All I need is a glass or something you have touched in the past,” he told the BBC. If the information is stolen, “you only have nine fingerprint changes before you run out of options. ” Nohl was however cautiously optimistic despite this, saying that it is “better than what we have the moment”: With the combination of chip and PIN, the PIN is the weaker element. Using a fingerprint gets rid of that  …     Fingerprints have helped us avoid using terrible passwords, and even the most gullible person is not going to cut off their finger if [a criminal] asks nicely. This is not the first time MasterCard has experimented with biometrics to increase security and ease for their customers. Last year, they launched MasterCard Identity Check, colloquially known as “selfie pay,” where users would be able to authenticate online transactions by snapping a quick photo of themselves using the camera on their phone or tablet. Given that the fingerprint verification can only be used in store, customers could use the two systems in tandem for their different shopping needs. Full consumer rollout is expected at the end of this year, after two successful trials in South Africa further trials in Europe and East Asia are likely to occur as well, to fully check the functionality of the system. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
9118,Speaker Paul Ryan’s Approval Rating Plummets as He Fails to Deliver for President Trump - Breitbart,"A Wall Street   News poll released Monday found growing disapproval of Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. [Forty percent of Americans hold an unfavorable view of Ryan, compared to only 22% who view him positively, according to the poll. The numbers represent a major decline in popularity since February, when Ryan’s net favorability was only one percentage point negative. The same drop in support is mirrored among Republican poll respondents, with net favorability falling from   to 23 in the same period.  Ryan’s drop in popularity was more significant than that among the   low rating for Congress as a whole. The percentage of those with a favorable view of congressional performance fell from 29 to 20 since February. The drop among Republicans was more significant, falling to a mere 31% from the high 40s. This outpouring of disapproval comes after Speaker Ryan spearheaded the abortive effort to repeal and replace Obamacare with his own “American Health Care Act. ” The bill had to be withdrawn for lack of support and drew criticism from across the spectrum of Republican politics. The perception of Ryan’s ability to deliver legislative victories in the House took a major hit in the aftermath of his health care bill’s demise, with some members of Congress calling for his replacement. Other legislative initiatives have stalled under Ryan’s leadership. He has repeatedly stated that tax reform will likely to be possible only after the precarious health care situation is untangled. At the moment, the House is embroiled in a struggle to pass a budget to keep the government running, with contention over the funding of President Donald Trump’s signature border wall apparently stalling this often routine measure. As Congressional Republicans approach the     mark of the Trump presidency, Speaker Ryan is unable to point to any major legislative accomplishment. Negotiations are ongoing to revive the momentum for implementing the GOP’s agenda, but the Wall Street   News poll suggests the electorate is losing confidence in the Republican leadership’s ability to do so.",0
9119,Chris Evans on Trump Presidency: ’I Feel Rage. I Feel Fury’,"Captain America star Chris Evans shared his feelings about Donald Trump’s presidency in a   interview this week, explaining that he still finds the Republican billionaire’s political rise “unbelievable. ”[“I feel rage. I feel fury,” the    actor told Esquire for the magazine’s April cover story.  “It’s unbelievable. People were just so desperate to hear someone say that someone is to blame,” he added. “They were just so happy to hear that someone was angry. Hear someone say that Washington sucks. They just want something new without actually understanding. I mean, guys like Steve Bannon —  Steve Bannon! —  this man has no place in politics. ” Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —   has been an outspoken critic of Trump on social media. The actor has criticized the president’s executive orders on immigration, and last year accused him of “energizing lies. ” Shortly after the election, Evans called for an end to the Electoral College, which secured Trump’s victory even as Clinton won the popular vote. Evans told Esquire that he is aware it may not be smart for him, from a business perspective, to be so outspoken about his political beliefs. “Look, I’m in a business where you’ve got to sell tickets. But, my God, I would not be able to look at myself in the mirror if I felt strongly about something and didn’t speak up,” he told the magazine. “I think it’s about how you speak up. We’re allowed to disagree. If I state my case and people don’t want to go see my movies as a result, I’m okay with that. ” Still, the actor acknowledged the possibility that people could be turned off to differing opinions if rhetoric becomes too heated, explaining that instead of yelling about one’s views, it is now a “time for calm. ” “Because not everyone who voted for Trump is going to be some horrible bigot,” he said. “There are a lot of people in that middle those are the people you can’t lose your credibility with. If you’re trying to change minds, by spewing too much rhetoric you can easily become white noise. ” Elsewhere in the long interview, Evans revealed that he may hang up the Captain America shield after his upcoming appearances in Avengers: Infinity War and its planned sequel, which will shoot    beginning in April. Read Evans’ full interview with Esquire here.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
9120,John Oliver’s Smear Tactics Exposed As Establishment Propaganda,John Oliver’s Smear Tactics Exposed As Establishment Propaganda  ,0
9121,Dylann Roof Found Guilty in Charleston Church Massacre - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   Dylann S. Roof, a   young white supremacist who killed nine black parishioners last year when he opened fire during a   assault on Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, was found guilty by a federal jury here on Thursday. Mr. Roof, 22, stood, his hands at his side and his face emotionless, as a clerk read the verdict aloud in Federal District Court, where he had been charged with 33 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death. Mr. Roof, whose lawyers conceded his guilt, will face the same jurors when they gather on Jan. 3 to begin a more suspenseful phase of his trial to decide whether he will be sentenced to death or life in prison without parole. The jury deliberated for only about two hours on Thursday afternoon, and as a clerk began to read the guilty verdicts, one after the next, a few women in the courtroom nodded with satisfaction. After the court adjourned, the two adult survivors of the attack, Felicia Sanders and Polly Sheppard, shared a long embrace. “I wasn’t expecting anything less,” Ms. Sanders told reporters later. “I knew it was going to be guilty, guilty, guilty, all the way through. ” Ms. Sanders’s husband, Tyrone, called Mr. Roof “pure evil” as he held his wife’s hand. “My thoughts were if I could get to him, what would I do,” said Mr. Sanders, whose son died in the attack. “But the Lord kept me from charging. ” The outcome seemed a foregone conclusion from the first minutes of the trial, which began on Dec. 7 and included a swift acknowledgment from the chief defense lawyer, David I. Bruck, that Mr. Roof was responsible for the “astonishing, horrible attack” on June 17, 2015. Mr. Roof had chillingly confessed to investigators nearly 18 months earlier and revealed his purpose in a blatantly racist manifesto that he published online. His choice of targets seemed intensely premeditated  —   he scouted the church half a dozen times  —   although he also researched other black churches and a festival elsewhere in South Carolina before settling on Charleston because, he wrote, it is the “most historic city in my state. ” Prosecutors and defense lawyers agreed on the basic contours of Mr. Roof’s march toward racial animosity. He belonged to no hate groups and acted alone in Charleston, but they said he had been an avid consumer of racist materials online. “You can easily give him way too much credit for thinking of this stuff if you don’t see where it came from,” Mr. Bruck said of Mr. Roof, who had declared in his writings that he had not been “raised in a racist home or environment. ” In a   closing argument, an assistant United States attorney, Nathan S. Williams, depicted Mr. Roof as “a man of hatred, a man who’s proven to be a coward and a man of immense racial ignorance. ” The prosecutor’s voice often rose in outrage, and the jurors were again shown photographs of the carnage Mr. Roof left behind: blood, bodies, and   tables. “He must be held accountable for each and every action he took in that church,” Mr. Williams urged. Mr. Roof has said he intends to represent himself during the penalty phase, so Mr. Bruck, as he has done throughout the trial, did his best on Thursday to suggest that his client was unstable, and thus not fully accountable. Mr. Bruck, who called no witnesses, peppered his closing argument with words like “abnormal,” “delusional,” and “suicidal. ” Mr. Roof told the F. B. I. in a confession shortly after being arrested that he had saved ammunition to kill himself if, as he expected, he confronted the police when he left Emanuel. The Wednesday night assault on the oldest A. M. E. congregation in the South began less than an hour after Mr. Roof entered through an unlocked side door and took a seat at a weekly Bible study meeting. The congregants, including the church’s pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, were studying the parable of the sower. When the congregants closed their eyes for a familiar benediction, the sound of gunfire roared through the fellowship hall. When they looked up, they saw Mr. Roof holding a semiautomatic pistol he had bought about two months earlier and concealed in a pack on his waist. Mr. Pinckney was the first wounded, and the churchgoers began diving below the room’s circular tables. Mr. Roof kept firing, striking the victims at least 60 times. One photo showed a table bearing an opened Bible, a study sheet and an empty magazine. It was one of the most unfathomable racial attacks in decades, and it upended the notion of a postracial America that some had imagined after the election of the country’s first black president. But fears of street violence eased when family members of five victims appeared at Mr. Roof’s bond hearing less than 48 hours after the killings and expressed forgiveness for the accused. President Obama flew here for Mr. Pinckney’s memorial service and delivered a eulogy in the form of an indignant and sorrowful meditation on race. This elegant port city where half of all slaves disembarked and the Civil War began soon assumed a mantle of racial healing, although some in the community found the good feelings a superficial papering over of inequities in education, law enforcement and poverty. The victims of the attack at Mother Emanuel, as the church is known, were Mr. Pinckney, Cynthia Hurd, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lee Lance, the Rev. DePayne Middleton Doctor, Tywanza Sanders, the Rev. Daniel Lee Simmons Sr. the Rev. Sharonda   and Myra Thompson. The three survivors were Ms. Sanders, Ms. Sheppard and Ms. Sanders’s    granddaughter. During turns on the witness stand, Ms. Sanders and Ms. Sheppard described the havoc that turned a house of worship into a   scene. Ms. Sheppard told jurors that Mr. Roof had approached her and asked whether she was wounded. She was not. “I’m going to leave you to tell the story,” Mr. Roof replied, according to Ms. Sheppard. Mr. Roof was arrested the next morning in Shelby, N. C. where F. B. I. agents questioned him for about two hours and began to piece together his descent into racist thinking and how, over the course of six months, he planned his assault. But before Mr. Roof spoke of his beliefs, which he had detailed in a handwritten journal and an online manifesto, he admitted to the attack. “I did it,” Mr. Roof said. The confession served as the centerpiece of the prosecution’s case. Prosecutors also introduced an array of technical evidence, such as phone records and GPS data, to demonstrate Mr. Roof’s premeditation and document his views on race. He wrote that he mounted the attack in Charleston because no one else would take a stand against what he perceived as an epidemic of    crime and the relegation of white Americans to   status. He called himself a white nationalist, as well as a white supremacist, and said he subscribed to ideologies advanced by Klansmen and Nazis. Mr. Roof wore a jacket bearing patches of the   flags of South Africa and Rhodesia and posed in photographs with the Confederate battle flag. In a consequence that he surely did not anticipate, that flag was removed from the grounds of the South Carolina State House in response to the church killings. The decision to try Mr. Roof was a subject of some dispute because he had offered to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. Ms. Sanders and Ms. Sheppard both supported such an agreement, as did many family members of the victims. But they welcomed the verdict on Thursday, even as they girded for the next round. “We were overjoyed that the jury saw fit to give us this triumph,” said the Rev. Sharon Risher, Ms. Lance’s eldest daughter. “It gives us an opportunity to start the healing process and we just thank God. ”",0
9122,Obama Urges Britain to Remain in the E.U. - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   President Obama has called on the British people not to vote for an exit from the European Union, writing in an opinion article published upon his arrival in London late Thursday night that “the European Union doesn’t moderate British influence  —   it magnifies it. ” In the article in The Telegraph, Mr. Obama, making a case he has made numerous times before in Washington, wrote that the United States would prefer Britain to remain a full member of the European Union. Britons will vote on June 23 in a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the bloc. The last such referendum was in 1975, and Britons voted by nearly two to one to stay. But the vote is expected to be closer in June, and some prominent British advocates of quitting the European Union have criticized Mr. Obama’s intervention. London’s mayor, Boris Johnson, one of the public leaders of the campaign for Britain’s exit, has accused Mr. Obama of hypocrisy because the United States does not share sovereignty with its neighbors the way Britain now does with the European Union. In the article, Mr. Obama responded directly to that criticism, asserting that the challenges facing Europe are not different from the ones facing the United States. “And in today’s world, even as we all cherish our sovereignty, the nations who wield their influence most effectively are the nations that do it through the collective action that today’s challenges demand,” the president wrote. Mr. Obama starts the first of four days in Europe on Friday by paying homage to one of its most enduring institutions, making his first visit to Windsor Castle to attend a royal lunch with Queen Elizabeth II a day after her 90th birthday. But he arrives with a grim warning that he will deliver in a series of meetings with several political leaders: Europe is in danger of being pulled apart by threats to its security and economy that can be overcome only by greater cooperation and a unity that appears increasingly elusive. In the article, Mr. Obama praised the creation of what he called “international institutions and initiatives” to promote peace and democracy, including the European Union and NATO. “Today, we face tests to this order  —   terrorism and aggression migration and economic headwinds  —   challenges that can only be met if the United States and the United Kingdom can rely on one another, on our special relationship, and on the partnerships that lead to progress,” Mr. Obama wrote. Terrorist attacks like the ones in Brussels and Paris have exposed shortcomings in the gathering and sharing of intelligence that have left Europe vulnerable and scared. War in Syria, where the most recent   appears to be failing, has produced a flood of migrants that is causing political and economic turmoil in Europe. The   aggression in Ukraine has raised new questions about the effectiveness of the NATO alliance. And the vote in June threatens to cleave Britain from the European Union, potentially stalling one of the world’s most successful economic powerhouses. “Because of a host of issues  —   from migration to sluggish economic growth to the terrorist threat  —   the European Union today faces challenges from populism and other threats to its ” said Charles Kupchan, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama for European issues. “The E. U. is one of the great accomplishments of the   War II era. It has succeeded in helping remove war from Europe, and we are concerned about the health and vitality of that experiment. ” Mr. Obama traveled to Britain after a series of meetings in Saudi Arabia, where he said Thursday that the United States would continue to enhance security cooperation with its allies in the Persian Gulf, while encouraging them to carry out domestic reforms and bolster their ability to defend themselves. During those meetings, he discussed a variety of issues with the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council  —   Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait and Oman  —   including the civil wars in Yemen, Syria and Libya, military and economic cooperation, and the fight against terrorist groups like the Islamic State. But Mr. Obama left without announcing any concrete plans or initiatives on any of those matters. In a meeting planned for Friday afternoon with Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain, Mr. Obama will urge his counterpart to increase intelligence sharing and cooperation among European countries so that they can better counter terrorist threats, including attacks by the Islamic State and Al Qaeda, aides to the president said. On Sunday, Mr. Obama will discuss the Syrian migration crisis with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. Benjamin J. Rhodes, the president’s deputy national security adviser, said Mr. Obama would applaud Ms. Merkel for her efforts to absorb Syrian refugees, even at great political cost. And he will pledge United States support for the recent deal that the European Union made with Turkey to accept Syrian migrants. Then on Monday, the president will meet with the leaders of Britain, France, Germany and Italy. Among the messages for the group will be his contention that they must take more responsibility for their own security. That will be a familiar refrain to Mr. Obama’s colleagues, who will recall that he made a similar  —   if more blunt  —   observation in a recent article in The Atlantic in which he accused some European allies of being “free riders” who rely on help from the United States instead of investing in their own militaries. “There’s this greater sense of unraveling, if you will, of the European project,” said Heather Conley, a former State Department official and the senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. That concern is likely to be set aside during Mr. Obama’s visit with the queen, and during his dinner on Friday night with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace.",0
9123,"Now Hiring: Under de Blasio, New York’s Government Grows to Record Level - The New York Times","New York City is undergoing a rare explosion in city government: More people now work for the city  —   287, 002   employees as of July  —   than at any other point in its modern history, with thousands more scheduled to join them. The projected growth finds few parallels in other major American metropolises most, like New York, trimmed their numbers after the financial crash of 2008. Some have rehired, though not at the level that New York has under Mayor Bill de Blasio. But behind all the job growth is a complicated set of factors that explain the possible benefits and costs to the city, the mayor and his supporters. Unions will see new jobs for their members, but the city will see future pension costs rise. And even if the city fails to fill all its projected job openings, there is a benefit: An unfilled job can be taken off the budget, enabling the de Blasio administration to claim   savings from the absence of thousands of workers who were not hired. Every major agency is growing under Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, but some expansions seem to stand out: His latest budget would have the Sanitation Department’s number of civilian employees increasing by a third since 2014 the Department of Citywide Administrative Services’ by 20 percent and the city information technology department’s by more than 50 percent. The growth in   staffing has worried some budget experts, who fear a lack of fiscal discipline at City Hall, and greater pension obligations down the road. “Every hire is $100, 000 a year, in cost of compensation,” said Carol Kellerman, the executive director of the nonpartisan Citizens Budget Commission. “If they didn’t hire any of the people who were planned for 2017, that’s a billion dollars. ” Indeed, the administration, while hiring at a breakneck pace, may be projecting a higher number of city jobs than it intends to fill, a shrewd, if not entirely transparent, maneuver that budget experts say will allow city agencies to find savings by choosing not to fill surplus jobs. In   the city said in budget documents that it anticipated 320, 569   and   equivalent positions by the end of the month. But by the month’s end, the city had still left 7, 000 positions unfilled, nearly all of them   postings. “Any head count that an agency doesn’t reach, that’s authorized, of course I’m going to bank it of course I’m going to make it savings,” Dean Fuleihan, the head of the mayor’s Office of Management and Budget, said in an interview. He acknowledged that any unfilled positions may be cut entirely when the budget is adjusted in November. “It is a big number, I’m not denying that, and my instinct is, I’m pretty sure you’ll see that adjusted down,” Mr. Fuleihan said. (City Hall officials later disputed the notion that the count was intentionally inflated to take savings later.) The discrepancy has been greeted with some raised eyebrows among the city’s budget watchers. “The difference between the last projection and actual number has grown substantially under Mayor de Blasio,” said Doug Turetsky, the chief of staff for the city’s Independent Budget Office. “It can create a   savings, a kind of    fiscal cushion. ” Even if the city writes down some of its planned hiring this year, the most recent head count of 287, 002, recorded at the end of June, is still a record. The number exceeds the city’s previous peak, recorded before the financial crash of 2008, and rivals the population of entire cities, including Pittsburgh and Cincinnati. No two cities are alike, and New York’s government performs many of the tasks that in other areas are handled by the local counties. But the swift growth in its work force  —   up from 271, 767   workers in July 2014 and driven by spending on new teachers, correction officers and a police force expansion  —   appears to be unique among large cities. In Chicago, for example, there has been little change over the past three years in the number of city workers, which has hovered around 34, 000 after dropping from more than 40, 000 before the crash. The city work force in Los Angeles was 46, 237 as of June, down 3, 000 workers from its recent peak, in 2009. The Houston city government has employed roughly the same number of people, around 22, 000, for several years. Phoenix has steadily cut jobs since 2008. “Will the   days of the city ever return? No, and they shouldn’t,” Ed Zuercher, the Phoenix city manager, said in a statement, adding that the city was stronger because of “the sacrifices that were made. ” Ron Galperin, the Los Angeles comptroller, said the city’s “dedicated employees are doing more with less. ” City Hall officials pointed to other cities, including Washington, Seattle and San Antonio, where the size of the municipal work force in 2015 was larger than before the recession. Mr. de Blasio’s administration has called for even more hiring by the middle of next year, with another 10, 000 workers to be added to the rolls, according to the most recent budget. The expansion has cheered the leadership of the city’s municipal unions. They did not rally behind Mr. de Blasio until after his 2013 primary win, but have since been won over by his   policies, which have also included the settling of outstanding contracts. The unions have been major donors to Mr. de Blasio’s political causes, including the   nonprofit Campaign for One New York and the 2014 effort to elect State Senate Democrats.   for those efforts is now under investigation by state and federal prosecutors. The United Federation of Teachers has grown by roughly 5, 700 members since Mr. de Blasio took office, replenishing ranks that had been reduced by 7 percent during the recession. Though the number of teachers still lags behind that of 2008, the union has made up the difference with teaching assistants known as paraprofessionals, whose ranks have swelled under Mr. de Blasio. District Council 37’s membership also grew as agencies piled on the nonuniformed employees, particularly at the Police and Sanitation Departments, and began using city workers to perform information technology tasks that had been previously handled by outside contractors. About 300 positions were added to replace those contractors, a move that City Hall officials expect to save money over five years by lowering contracting costs. The union had roughly 125, 000 members in its latest count, according to a spokesman, about 3, 200 more than it did before Mr. de Blasio took office. The Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, a frequent antagonist of the mayor’s, has grown along with the New York Police Department. Mr. Fuleihan said the city’s current $82. 1 billion budget included some overestimation in order to dampen the blow of unanticipated events that have, in recent years, had huge effects on the budget: the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks the 2008 stock market crash and Hurricane Sandy in 2012. “You build against that happening,” he said. “We are a very rapidly growing city with new demands,” he said. “We believe that we’re being thoughtful about this. ” Mr. Fuleihan pointed to the billion dollars set aside in reserves and pension obligations that are set to be amortized by 2032, while observing the mayor’s agenda to address income inequality. City Hall officials highlighted the endorsements of its budgeting practices expressed by ratings agencies. “We put forward dramatic expansion,” Mr. Fuleihan said. “And we’re going to be constantly modifying that, to the extent that we can. ”",0
9124,Democrats Implode,"By Nick Kollerstrom on November 4, 2016 Terror on the Tube — Nov 3, 2016 This just keeps getting better and better. Are we are ready for IMPACT on 9/11? It will be unforgettable. Yes this is a 9/11 date – 9 th November, when the results come out. The world will change. November: NYPD BLOWS WHISTLE ON HILLARY EMAILS: CHILD SEX CRIMES & EXPLOITATION https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLAe3UeddUI The FBI is investigating a huge Clinton DC sex network, according to insider claims. The NYPD may have evidence ‘to put Hillary Clinton and her crew away for life.’ Clinton herself and associates are linked to money laundering, sex crimes with minors including children, obstruction of justice & perjury – for a start! The Clinton Foundation has now been connected to a massive child-trafficing and sex ring operating within Washington DC. Having it all come out six days before the election, does that not look like Divine Providence? Top NYPD officer: what’s in the emails is staggering and it turned my stomach. There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape. New York police are so angry and fed up about this, that there is no possibility of the FBI backing down on either of the TWO ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS they now have on Hillary Clinton. More here: http://www.abeldanger.net/2016/11/nypd-hillary-clinton-child-sex-scandal.html#more NYPD sources say, files on Weiner’s newly found laptop which he shared with his wife Huma Abedin, show evidence of a political pedophile ring operating within Washington, involving members of Congress as well as numerous top Clinton aides and insiders. According to reports , a folder on Weiner’s laptop named “life insurance” contains explicit evidence that both Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin helped run and cover-up a Washington pedophile sex ring. And this is coming out on Fox News! – This case is ‘not going to go away any time soon’ and will likely lead to ‘an indightment.’ Media hacks in all the Western media have been supporting Hillary, and how do they feel now? ONLY ONE US newspaper has supported Trump, and how do all the others feel now? Media hacks see Trump getting tens of thousands of people turning out to hear him, while Hillary whom they support can barely get a hundred, indeed she can’t even show up now because of the angry voices – do they realise how wrong they’s been? The Clinton crime family seem to be making plans to flee the country and may have transferred 1.8 billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to Quater Central Bank https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNdaFFcnpfY – Quatar does not have an extradition treaty with the US so they’d be ‘safe from Trump’ therere. Governor of South Carolina says she has changed her mind, will support Trump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNdaFFcnpfY All five of Hillary’s closest people are currently under investigation. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3889994/Influence-peddling-acting-Putin-s-ally-hiding-classified-secrets-sexting-FIVE-separate-FBI-cases-probing-virtually-one-Clinton-s-inner-circle-families.html Hillary cancels public appearance due to a large crown chanting ‘Lock her up!’ (Pompano Beach Ampitheatre, November 1st.) To remind ourselves, this is has been a campaign of one man, scoffed, vilified and ridiculed by the entire Western media, against the establishment. If you need reminding of how any positive coverage of his campaign has been forbidden, watch this. During a visit to Detroit, he was blessed and given a prayer shawl by a black Bishop. Listen to how, during this wonderful ceremony, Reuters orders to cut the filming!",0
9125,"Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did…Here’s 6 Huge Lies From The Debate","Home / News / Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did…Here’s 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did…Here’s 6 Huge Lies From The Debate fisher 4 mins ago News Comments Off on Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did…Here’s 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did…Here’s 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Clinton stood before millions of Americans last night and told numerous lies, then said things like “Google it”, suggesting we fact check her…so we did and found 6 major lies, plus others. FACT CHECK #1 – Hillary Clinton claimed that Planned Parenthood “provides cancer screenings” and therefore should not be de-funded, in spite of controversy about abortion. Fact-Check: MOSTLY FALSE This is a repeated claim deployed in defense of Planned Parenthood, but it is not true, at least as regards breast cancer. As the left-leaning Washington Post ’s fact-checker wrote in 2015: When Democratic lawmakers or other supporters assert that Planned Parenthood “provides” mammograms, this is highly misleading language because it could be interpreted to mean that the group directly administers the X-rays. The group does not “provide” mammograms. Rather, the situation is similar to other clinics where patients are referred to a licensed facility that can provide biopsies, X-rays or other specialized services. It is slightly more accurate to say that women have “access” to mammograms via Planned Parenthood, though it’s still slippery language. FACT CHECK #2 – Hillary Clinton responded to a question about Supreme Court and gun rights by saying, “I support the Second Amendment.” Fact-Check: FALSE When Clinton made this statement she was responding to a question about the District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) decision: a decision dealing with the foundations of the Second Amendment; the very roots of what it protects. In the Heller ruling, SCOTUS reaffirmed that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms. This decision has become a bulwark against leftists who have spent decades in academia, politics and journalism trying to persuade Americans that the Second Amendment protects a collective right. (If collective, the left could tie gun ownership to service in the militia and bar gun ownership for anyone save those who serve in the militia or today’s military or police forces.) So Heller is crucial. In fact, it is so crucial that it is not be a stretch to say the entire Second Amendment rests on it. Yet Hillary disagrees the Heller ruling. Her spokesman Josh Schwerin said Hillary believes Heller was “ wrongly decided .” So how can a woman who does not believe in an “individual” right to keep and bear arms support the Second Amendment? She can’t. Incidentally, Clinton made this point evident during the debate when she said her disagreement with the Heller decision was the way the SCOTUS applied the Second Amendment in that case. For those of you who may not know, Heller centered on Washington DC’s gun ban–which was subsequently struck down via the SCOTUS decision. To oppose the application of the Second Amendment in Heller is to oppose the fact that a gun ban was overturned. That is not supporting the Second Amendment. FACT CHECK #3 – Hillary Clinton said during the third presidential debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday that she “will not add a penny to the debt” if elected president. Fact-Check: FALSE Indeed, Hillary Clinton’s claim is not even close to true. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget predicts that under Clinton’s policies , the debt would increase by $9 trillion over a decade. “Clinton’s plan would increase both spending and revenue,” the Washington, D.C.-based independent non-profit’s analyst said . “Under our preliminary updated central estimate, she would increase primary spending by $1.65 trillion over the next decade, including about $500 billion of spending on college education, $300 billion each on paid family leave and infrastructure, and significant new health-related spending.” FACT CHECK #4 – Hillary Clinton claimed that “33,000 people a year…die from guns.” Fact-Check: FALSE This is a claim Clinton often makes to make gun violence appear to be raging out of control; to justify the government stepping in with more rules and regulations to keep the American people safe. However, a Fact-Check shows Clinton’s claim is not only false, but is exaggerated by 66 percent. She is using figures from 2013, and reporting them in a way that distorts what really happened with guns that year. Clinton first began making this claim in November 2015, repeated it in April 2016, and has since repeated it again and again. In April Breitbart News highlighted the method Clinton used to swell the numbers: In 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported 11,208 firearm-related homicides in the United States. An additional 505 accidental firearm-related deaths occurred in the US–a figure that pales in comparison to the 38,851 deaths by accidental poisoning or the 30,208 deaths caused by falls. So Clinton and gun control proponents who think like her increase these figures by adding in suicides. In this way, 11,713 firearm-related deaths–homicides and accidental deaths–quickly become 32,888 “gun violence” deaths in 2013 and an impetus for gun control. FACT CHECK #5 – Hillary Clinton praised President Obama ’s economic performance, adding: “He has cut the deficit by two-thirds.” Fact-Check: FALSE This repeated Democratic canard relies on fraudulent accounting that only starts more than halfway through Obama ’s first year in office, after the $862 billion stimulus, the massive omnibus spending bill (“porkulus”), and the deployment of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), which was signed by Obama ’s predecessor but for which he voted. As Breitbart News noted when President Obama claimed in January to have cut the deficit by “almost three-quarters”: This is pure fiction. Obama has doubled the national debt, and it’s not because he cut the deficit. Rather, he spent staggering amounts of money in his first months in office–which he assigns, dishonestly, to the previous fiscal year, under George W. Bush. He “cut” (i.e. spent more gradually) from that spending, but only under protest, after Republicans took the House in 2010. The truth is that Obama vastly expanded the deficit in a doomed and ill-conceived experiment in Keynesian stimulus spending, much of which was wasted on priorities that helped Obama ’s political supporters — especially the public sector unions — but did little for the economy. FACT CHECK #6 – Hillary Clinton said “We at the Clinton Foundation spend ninety percent — ninety percent — of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs of people around the world and in our own country.” Fact-Check: FALSE Indeed, Clinton’s “ninety percent” claim is false according to her troubled charity’s own t ax filings . Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute , Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large, and author of Clinton Cash said the Clinton Foundation has spent as little as six percent of its total income on actual charitable endeavors. “If you actually look at the numbers of their filings and 990s, that’s what it indicates,” Schweizer said last month in an interview with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Breitbart News Daily . “The Clinton Foundation will say, ‘We assisted or facilitated in 100,000 kids getting immunizations.’ Well, okay, what does that mean? And they don’t really tell you. They don’t really explain to you how it works.” “So the number is absolutely correct, that six percent goes to other charities,” Schweizer continued. “The other 94 percent is in this stew of marketing, and management, and travel expenses, and sort of all these obscure things, that it’s really hard to dissect what is the end result of that 94 percent being spent.” What’s more? Political analyst Sean Davis, the co-founder of The Federalist and a former adviser to Sen. Tom Coburn and Gov. Rick Perry, examined the Clinton Foundation’s 2013 tax filings and found that “ Hillary Clinton’s non-profit spent more on office supplies and rent than it did on charitable grants.” “The Clinton Foundation spent nearly $8.5 million–10 percent of all 2013 expenditures–on travel,” Davis contends . “Nearly $4.8 million–5.6 percent of all expenditures–was spent on office supplies.” (Source: Check out over 20 more Fact Checks at Breitbart) So there you have it, folks. It was hard to narrow it down to just 6, but these were among the biggest lies of the night. ",0
9126,Is Russia Hiding The Existence Of An Advanced Underwater Civilization Called 'The Swimmers'?,"Peculiar supernatural activity which is suspected to involve alien creatures has been occurring in the vicinity of Russian submarines ever since the days of the Soviet Union. However, it appears as though the Russian authorities are very keen to keep whatever is going on under wraps and all files on the subject have been sealed. Now, two researchers named Paul Stonehill, and Phillip Mantle is determined to get to the bottom of these mysterious occurrences.


Russian military commanders speak out about underwater alien lifeforms 

In the course of their research, these two men have examined the veil of secrecy surrounding some extraordinary claims relating to underwater extra-terrestrial activity by eliciting a huge amount of eye-witness testimony. They say that these bizarre incidents have involved UFOs duping aircraft into the sea, encounters with underwater creatures which are believed to be of extra-terrestrial origin and highly unusual objects found under the later.

Perhaps the most stunning of the claims comes from Major General V. Demyanenko, a Russian commander of the Military Diver Service. The Major claimed that he and his crew encountered a race of humanoid aliens who were nicknamed ‘the Swimmers’. These creatures are said to be approximately three meters in height, who garb themselves in silvery suits and spherical helmets and live in the icy waters surrounding the Russian territory of Siberia. When Soviet Navy divers attempted to capture one of these creatures for investigation, they were apparently flung to the surface of the water by a powerful source . 


Stonehill and Mantle have also documented several other bizarre encounters. In 1965, the crew of the steamship Raduga witnessed an enormous fireball shooting up from the depths of the Red Sea. The crew also noted an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of the fireball and the gigantic pillar of water it thrust into the air upon ejection. They have also collected data from the Russian chief of the Pacific fleet’s intelligence department, Admiral V.A. Domislovsky who claimed to have an object of approximately 900m in length in the ocean. They have also examined claims made by other former Russian military commanders about underwater alien activity surrounding the infamous Bermuda Triangle.

Mr. Mantle said that this is not the first time that multiple witnesses have attempted to speak out about the highly unusual activity that they have witnessed underneath Earth’s ocean. However, any attempts to speak out previously have tended to result in their silencing and public ridicule.

Disclose TV 
SOURCE ",0
9127,Comment on Will the Cost of a “Self-Driving Taxi” Really Be Sixty-Seven Cents ($0.67) a Mile? McKinsey’s Mysterious Footnote 17 by JTMcPhee,"by Lambert Strether 
By Lambert Strether of Corrente . 
The FT’s Izabella Kaminska (“ The autoignition temperature of manual cars is much higher than Fahrenheit 451 “) brings McKinsey’s report on self-driving cars to our attention (“An Integrated Perspective on the Future of Mobility,” PDF ). Bloomberg, writing on the report , put the key fact-like price comparison in the deck: 
Autonomous taxis one-quarter the price of New York cab ride 
And then quoted the following eye-popping fact-like dollars-and-cents figure: 
The self-driving vehicles being pioneered by Tesla Motors Inc., Alphabet Inc.’s Google and others are poised to dramatically lower the cost of taxis, potentially making them cheaper than buses or subways, according to a joint report by Bloomberg New Energy Finance and McKinsey & Co. Having no driver to pay could reduce taxi prices to 67 cents a mile by 2025 , less than a quarter of the cost in Manhattan today, the report found. 
(The word “could” seems to be doing rather a lot of work in the second sentence.) But how were those figures “found”? On what basis did McKinsey, the “the trusted advisor and counselor to many of the world’s most influential businesses and institutions” , come to its conclusions? 
And here, readers, I went wrong. I thought I would try to understand the business ratios and income statements of today’s taxi industry ( NAICS code 4853 ; income statement from Yellow Cab of Missoula, MT[ 1]) and use those as a baseline to evaluate McKinsey’s analysis. That was a time-consuming mistake, and here is why. 
Let’s look at the report, starting by having searched the PDF on “67.” Here is the source for Bloomberg’s quote, Exhibit 10: 
I’ve helpfully highlighted the “67”; interestingly, a PDF search reveals that this is the only place where “67” appears. There is, for example, no table or equation showing the calculations through which McKinsey arrived at that figure.[2] Nevertheless, we look for some explanation, and the best I can find is in the text adjacent to Exhibit 10, on pages 23 and 25. (I’ve pasted a snippet from page 23 in at the top of page 25, and helpfully highlighted some of the text, and footnote 17): 
Now, the $0.67 figure in Exhibit 10 applies only to the case of an “individual use” self-driving taxi (the chart says “self-driven,” but the caption is correct). That is, Jane Coder calls up a self-driving taxi to get to work, and when she’s done with her commute, the freed-up taxi responds to a call from Joe Coder to go home, and so on. The taxi is not shared. This use case is described in the paragraph marked “[1]”. Here is that paragraph: 
For many drivers ride-hailing would nonetheless become the economic alternative. An on-demand, self-driving vehicle could also replace most current shared-mobility business models such as car sharing, carpooling, and ride-hailing: it could drive itself to the next customer, to a designated parking space, or back to the point of origin. 
Do you see any calculations there — indeed, any numbers at all — that would justify the $0.67 figure? No? (Notice also that “could” and “would” are working hard in this paragraph, too.) 
We move on to the paragraph marked [2]: 
If a private consumer were open to sharing a ride with another traveler, the economics become even more attractive: on average, using a self-driving, electric, pooled taxi could be 30–60 percent cheaper per mile than a private vehicle, depending on the number of people sharing the ride. By 2025, a private car would cost $0.43/mile, whereas a consumer could use a self-driving, pooled taxi for as little as $0.17/mile–$0.29/mile 17 . 
Here at least we see claims with numbers in them, but none of them are relevant to the “individual use self-driving taxi” case, and so the $0.67 figure remains a mystery, as yet unexplained. We move on to the paragraph marked [3]: 
Compared with public transport, it appears that in various US cities public transport remains about as twice as cheap as human-driven taxi pooling with a cost of $0.64/mile in 2015. 
The same applies; the $0.67 figure remains inexplicable. But wait! There’s that footnote 17 in the paragraph marked “[2]”: 
Costs are estimated the total cost of ownership, assuming 70,000 miles driven annually[3], average driver salaries, 10 percent overhead costs and a 10 percent required rate of return on invested capital for the fleet operator. We assume a utilization factor of 50 percent for taxis and 70 percent for pooled cars. This does not take into account a price premium for any additional journey time required to pick up multiple passengers. 
(I’ve helpfully underlined the weasel words, along with words that make me ask “How do you know that?”) Do you see a source for any of this? No? Why would that be? (Contrast footnote 17, in the left column, to footnotes 18, 19, and 20 in the right column, all of which provide sources. 
Wishing to give McKinsey the benefit of the doubt, I looked for their editorial policies, which I found on page 64, on the About page. In relevant part: 
So this really is the best part, isn’t it? 
The information contained in this publication is derived from carefully selected sources we believe are reasonable. 
Well, I should hope so! (“Trusted advisor and counsellor,” et cetera et cetera.) So that’s alright then! Although one could wish that the “reasonable” and “carefully selected” sources were named.[4] 
* * * 
So, I’ve managed to emulate the classic bad New Yorker article; I followed the ornithologists into the swamp, because when they said they heard the call of a rare bird, I believed them. But they didn’t find the bird! So, we still don’t know where McKinsey got its sixty-seven cents ($0.67) a mile figure for its “self-driving taxi” use case. (What the Bloomberg reporter thought they were doing when they repeated it is another question.) And we don’t know know why its “report” didn’t provide an explanation for it. Explanations that occur to me: 
1. An editorial disaster . Nobody checked footnote 17 to add the sourcing the for sixty-seven cents ($0.67) a mile figure. This strikes me as unlikely, given the level of attention given to the reports design. 
2. A public relations scam . McKinsey simply made up the sixty-seven cents ($0.67) a mile figure out of whole cloth. This strikes me as unlikely, given the whole “trusted advisor” schtick. 
3. A bait and switch . The source of the calculations for sixty-seven cents ($0.67) a mile figure is internal and proprietary, and McKinsey won’t reveal anything until you engage them. This strikes me as unlikely, dittoez. 
‘Tis a puzzlement! 
NOTES 
[1] I don’t want to whinge about this, but when I was a sprat, twenty years ago, and I wanted industry ratios and company reports, I’d go down to the Boston Public Library’s Business Branch , display my library card, and get the information for free . Google was awfully good at displaying results from “industry research” firms that demand a fee , but not so good with, er, “free stuff.” Am I looking for stats in all the wrong places? 
[2] Why 67? Why not 65? Or 70? I’d hate to think McKinsey guilty of spurious precision. 
[3] New York’s Taxicab Factbook estimates that the average cab travels 70,000 miles per year. 
[4] There’s also “We do not guarantee its accuracy or completeness and nothing in this document shall be construed to be a representation of such a guarantee,” but I assume Bud from Legal insisted that go in, and I don’t hold it against them. 
APPENDIX 
I like this too. From page 49: 
And the text: 
Within the mobility sector itself, an on-demand self-driving taxi could replace most current shared-mobility business models. Adding a self-driving component to car-sharing operations, ridehailing services, and taxi services makes the business models indistinguishable. 
Indeed it “could”! Exactly in the way the wizards of Unseen University nailing magic broomsticks under Sam Vimes’s horse-drawn coach made it “indistinguishable” from an airborne, supersonic vehicle! 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
9129,"‘I Inherited a Mess,’ Trump Says, Defending His Performance - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump on Thursday dismissed reports about his associates’ contacts with Russia last year and vigorously defended his performance in his first four weeks in office, in a contentious news conference that showcased his unconventional and unconstrained presidency. At a hastily organized White House event  —   ostensibly to announce a new nominee for labor secretary, R. Alexander Acosta  —   Mr. Trump engaged in an extended attack on the news media and insisted that his new administration was not a chaotic operation but a “  machine. ” Any challenges, he said, were not his fault. “To be honest, I inherited a mess,” he said. In addition to his cabinet announcement, the president revealed that he had asked the Justice Department to investigate government leaks and said he would sign an executive order next week restricting travel to the United States. He promised to produce by March a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, followed by another plan to overhaul the tax system. But his   news conference was dominated by an extraordinarily raw and angry defense of both his administration and his character. At times abrupt, often rambling, characteristically boastful yet seemingly pained at the portrayals of him, Mr. Trump kept summoning the spirit of his successful campaign after a month of grinding governance to remind his audience, again, that he won. For a president who has already lost a court battle, fired an acting attorney general and a national security adviser, and lost a cabinet nomination fight, Mr. Trump was eager to demonstrate that he was still in command. He attacked judges for blocking his original travel order and Democrats for obstructing his nominations. He denied being   even when no one accused him of it. With the latest Pew Research Center poll showing that just 39 percent of Americans approve of the job he is doing, Mr. Trump at one point plaintively pleaded for understanding. “The tone is such hatred,” he said, referring to the commentary about him on cable television. “I’m really not a bad person. ” Mr. Trump disputed any contention that the White House was out of control or not fully functional, and boasted of a flurry of actions intended to create jobs, curb regulations and crack down on illegal immigration. “There has never been a presidency that has done so much in such a short period of time,” he said. “And we haven’t even started the big work yet. That starts early next week. ” The enactment of a temporary ban on refugees and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, he maintained, was “perfect,” despite widespread confusion and subsequent court rulings blocking it. “We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban,” he said. “But we had a bad court. ” Mr. Trump offered his first account of his decision to fire Michael T. Flynn, his national security adviser, for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and others in the White House about the contents of a conversation with Russia’s ambassador in December. He said he was not bothered that Mr. Flynn had talked with the ambassador about American sanctions on Russia before arriving at the White House. “I didn’t direct him,” he said, “but I would have directed him, because that’s his job. ” The problem, he said, was that Mr. Flynn had told Mr. Pence that sanctions did not come up during the conversation, an assertion belied by a transcript of the call, which had been monitored by American intelligence agencies. “The thing is he didn’t tell our vice president properly, and then he said he didn’t remember,” Mr. Trump said. “So either way, it wasn’t very satisfactory to me. ” But he said reports that his campaign aides and other associates had contacts with Russia were “a joke” and “fake news put out by the media. ” The New York Times reported this week that phone records and intercepted calls showed repeated contacts between some of his associates and Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election. “Russia is a ruse,” Mr. Trump said. “I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does. ” However, Mr. Trump said, all the pressure on Russia may ruin any future negotiations with President Vladimir V. Putin. “Putin probably assumes that he can’t make a deal with me anymore because politically, it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal,” he said. Like presidents before him, Mr. Trump was peeved at a series of leaks, including about Mr. Flynn’s call and his own conversations with foreign leaders. In addition to requesting the Justice Department investigation, he confirmed that he might assign a New York billionaire, Stephen A. Feinberg, to conduct a broad review of the intelligence agencies. “He’s offered his services, and you know, it’s something we may take advantage of,” Mr. Trump said. But he added that it might not be necessary because “we are going to be able to straighten it out very easily on its own. ” Mr. Trump returned again and again to his contest with Hillary Clinton, replaying key events from the 2016 campaign and reviving his favorite attacks. He repeated a claim that Mrs. Clinton gave Russia access to American nuclear fuel supplies. “I’ve done nothing for Russia,” he said. “Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium. ” The State Department did sign off on the purchase of a Canadian company by a Russian state firm that gave Russia control of   of America’s uranium production capacity, as did eight other agencies. But Mrs. Clinton was not in a position to approve or reject the deal when she was secretary of state, and it is not known if she was briefed on the matter. Mr. Trump spent much of the conference berating reporters and their news organizations. Clearly exasperated by coverage of him, he said he did not watch CNN but then gave a detailed critique of one of its shows. He cited specific articles in The Times and The Wall Street Journal that he called “fake,” even harking back to one from last year’s campaign. “The press is out of control,” he said. “The level of dishonesty is out of control. ” He added later, “The public doesn’t believe you people anymore. ” The acrimony grew so sharp at one point that CNN’s Jim Acosta felt the need to tell Mr. Trump, “Just for the record, we don’t hate you. ” But that did not assuage him. At one point, he called on Jake Turx, an   Jewish reporter from Ami Magazine. “Are you a friendly reporter?” he asked. “I haven’t seen anybody in my community accuse either yourself or anyone on your staff of being ” Mr. Turx said. But, citing bomb threats against Jewish centers, he said, “What we haven’t really heard being addressed is an uptick in   and how the government is planning to take care of it. ” Mr. Trump bristled, taking it as a suggestion that he was   even though the reporter specifically said the opposite. “I am the least   person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” Mr. Trump said. Mr. Turx protested that he was not suggesting otherwise. “Quiet, quiet, quiet,” Mr. Trump said. “See? He lied. He was going to get up and ask a very straight, simple question. ” Instead, Mr. Trump said, the question was “repulsive” and “very insulting. ” He later accused Democrats of posing as supporters and holding up offensive signs at his rallies to smear him. When April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks asked whether he would meet with the Congressional Black Caucus to discuss his urban agenda, Mr. Trump again seemed piqued. “Do you want to set up the meeting?” he challenged her. “Are they friends of yours?” “I’m just a reporter,” said Ms. Ryan, who is  . “Well, then, set up the meeting,” Mr. Trump said. That exchange and others included claims that were false or disputed. Mr. Trump told Ms. Ryan that he had planned a meeting with Representative Elijah E. Cummings, an   Democrat from Maryland, but that Mr. Cummings had said: “It might be bad for me politically. I can’t have that meeting. ” Mr. Cummings later denied that. “I have no idea why President Trump would make up a story about me like he did today,” he said. “I was actually looking forward to meeting with the president about the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs. ” Similarly, Mr. Trump asserted that his Electoral College victory was the largest since Ronald Reagan’s. But he won fewer Electoral College votes than three of the four presidents since Reagan: Barack Obama, Bill Clinton and George Bush. When a reporter pointed that out, Mr. Trump brushed it off. “I was given that information,” he said.",0
9130,Navy Petty Officer Joins DAPL Protest With Upside Down Flag – “Our Greatest Enemies Are Right Here”,"By Claire Bernish U.S. Navy veteran, Petty Officer 1st Class Kash Jackson, came to North Dakota with one imperative in mind — to uphold the... ",0
9131,THE ENTIRE CLINTON FAMILY COULD GO TO JAIL: HUGE SECRET REVEALED ABOUT THE CLINTON FOUNDATION - USAPoliticsNow,"THE ENTIRE CLINTON FAMILY COULD GO TO JAIL: HUGE SECRET REVEALED ABOUT THE CLINTON FOUNDATION 
“Basically what IRS just revealed is that Clinton Foundation is one huge Ponzi Scheme!!! 
This is insane! Practically not just Hillary, but whole Clinton family is going to jail! 
Just 5.7 percent of the Clinton Foundation’s massive 2014 budget actually went to charitable grants, according to the tax-exempt organization’s IRS filings. The rest went to salaries and employee benefits, fundraising and “other expenses.” The Clinton Foundation spent a hair under $91.3 million in 2014, the organization’s IRS filings show. But less than $5.2 million of that went to charitable grants. 
That number pales in comparison to the $34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits. Another $50.4 million was marked as “other expenses,” while the remaining almost $851K was marked as “professional fundraising expenses.” 
Despite taking in an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40 percent less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more “other expenses” in 2014. 
Sean Davis at The Federalist notes, “the bulk of the charitable work lauded by the Clinton Foundation’s boosters — the distribution of drugs to impoverished people in developing countries — is no longer even performed by the Clinton Foundation. Those activities were spun off in 2010 and are now managed by the Clinton Health Access Initiative, a completely separate non-profit organization.” (RELATED: Clinton Foundation Deceived IRS On Tax Exemption From The Start) 
As first reported by The Daily Caller, the IRS launched an investigation into the Clinton Foundation this past July after 64 House Republicans called the foundation a “lawless ‘pay-to-play’ enterprise that has been operating under a cloak of philanthropy for years and should be investigated” in a letter to the IRS, FBI and Federal Trade Commission (FTC). 
These Clintons are nastier than El Chapo Guzman family members! 
But El Chapo never portrait himself as some huge persona, Clintons are with a mask of Mother Theresa but with heart and soul of a Russian mobster! 
If you agree, please share and comment below. 
",0
9132,Freeing Yourself From Overwhelm,"By Jacob Devaney / upliftconnect.com 
Overwhelm is a constant state of being for many of us, but it doesn’t need to be. Most of us are under a deluge of responsibilities like running errands, responding to emails, keeping up with house-chores, hurrying to meetings, and more. Though this is normal in our modern lives, our nervous system struggles to keep up. If we don’t make a conscious effort to relieve this kind of stress, our adrenals get depleted, and sometimes we get sick. Luckily overwhelm is not about how much is going on in your life, it is all about how you manage things. Let’s dissect overwhelm from a neurological perspective and explore ways to reduce its impact on our lives. 
When life’s circumstances overwhelm our ability to cope or integrate, our nervous system goes into a stress response. It doesn’t need to be a life-threatening incident for the nervous system to trigger a fight, flight or collapse response. The interesting thing is that it is purely subjective. It can be as simple as a “perceived threat”, like being embarrassed in public, imagining that you will get fired for being late, or having a squirrel run in front of your car. Regardless of how big or small the incident is, our system can go into overwhelm, causing our brain to release all the stress hormones that accompany it. 
It can be as simple as a “perceived threat” like imagining that you will get fired for being late. Self Awareness to the Rescue 
We pride ourselves in being busy. Many of us feel like something is wrong if we are tired, or feeling lazy and want to lay on the couch and stare at a wall. Actually, this is the parasympathetic, restorative nervous system that is inviting us to step out of our constant ‘go-go-go’ state so that we can unwind. Laying in the grass and looking at the clouds is actually much better for us than being on a couch staring at a wall, but we rarely make a conscious decision to do so. Instead, we collapse right in the middle of cleaning our house and then beat ourselves up for being lazy. 
Humans have a very different way of coping with stress than all other primates. In order to conquer fire (a trait that has allowed humans to climb to the top of the food chain), we had to develop regions of the brain that suppress our fear so that we can overcome it. The stress hormones associated with fear are still released even if we don’t indulge them. Animals instantly discharge these hormones, but humans need to do this consciously. In other words, we have to make a choice to actively engage in practices that reset our nervous system. As we have explored in How to Relieve Stress Stored in our Bodies , this process can be a whole lot of fun and very rewarding on many levels. 
In any dark time, there is a tendency to veer toward fainting over how much is wrong or unmended in the world. Do not focus on that. Do not make yourself ill with overwhelm. -Clarissa Estes 
Humans have a very different way of coping with stress than all other primates. Information Overwhelm 
We live in a time of extreme bombardment of information, along with a desire to wake up socially and address the many problems facing the world. There is no effective solution when we come from a constant state of overwhelm. Being relaxed and clear-minded is the only way to approach these seemingly insurmountable issues. This research is well documented in the Uplift article Will Humanity Choose Love or Fear? Is the information you are reading an immediate threat to your survival… Probably not. 
Information overload occurs when a person is exposed to more information than the brain can process at one time. – Lucy Jo Palladino , Ph.D Hemispheric Disconnect 
The right hemisphere of our brains is great for creativity and spirituality, it is where we go when we ponder the eternal nature of things, yet it doesn’t comprehend time sequencing. Understanding this is paramount to taking the reigns on our overwhelm and positioning us to have greater coping skills. This unconscious, biologically-wired, stress response is explored in Get to Know Your Amygdala . 
The right hemisphere processes experience differently from the left – non-verbally through body sensations, visual images, emotions, and holistically – it processes the gestalt of someone’s face or energy globally, all at once, rather than in a linear data bit by data bit mode. The right hemisphere is where we get our “gut” intuitive sense of things and the gestalt of things as a whole. The right hemisphere is the seat of the social and personal self. The right hemisphere regulates the sub-cortical limbic system and is dominant for social-emotional processing. -Linda Graham 
We live in a time of extreme bombardment of information. How Do We Get Past Overwhelm? 
Step One is as simple as recognizing that you are operating from a state of overwhelm. Self-awareness breaks us out of unconscious patterning, and this is central to the practice of mindfulness. Learning to check in with one’s self by pausing is also a great way to develop emotional intelligence. 
Step Two is to take a few deep breathes after recognizing that you are overwhelmed. This also works if you are angry, sad, or reacting out of fear. Since the emotional response is rooted in the right hemisphere, it always feels immediate. By breathing you are helping your mind integrate the threat level into time synchronisation, which is a left-brain process that will help relax your nervous system. 
Step Three is to remind yourself that you are safe, and to develop strategies to call on this sense of safety when needed. This is known as resourcing one’s self, and there are healthy ways of doing it, as well as unhealthy ways. Hint: reaching for a cigarette, or indulging in television, drugs, or junk-food is not as effective as 5 minutes of stretching, mindful breathing, or taking a moment to connect with nature. 
Step Four is to help your body let go of any stress hormones that may have been released into your system at the first moment of panic/overwhelm. Shake like a dog, jump up and down or do some psoas stretches to discharge the nervous system and help you reset your physical body as well as your emotional body. 
Self-awareness breaks us out of unconscious patterning. 
Overwhelm has a whole lot to do with our perceptions. We   expand our mental-emotional container to be able to integrate larger and larger amounts of information without succumbing to overwhelm in the first place. The steps above will help you deal with overwhelm when it hits you, but a daily mindfulness practice will help you reduce the instances when you are thrown into overwhelm. The ability to respond without reacting, to observe without indulging, will help you increase success in your life on many levels. It will also be a valuable skill in rapidly changing times! 
Jacob Devaney - Founder and director of Culture Collective, creative activist, musician, and producer. 0.0 ·",0
9133,"Chicago ‘Hits Back,’ Strips Trump of Honorary Street Designation","Chicago ‘Hits Back,’ Strips Trump of Honorary Street Designation Fran Spielman, Chicago Sun-Times, October 25, 2016 
Chicago aldermen on Tuesday hit Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump where it hurts–in his formidable ego–for using a spike in homicides and shootings to paint a “distorted caricature” of the city. 
The City Council’s Transportation Committee unanimously agreed to strip Trump of a recognition he covets: “Trump Plaza,” the honorary designation for the east side of Wabash Avenue between Illinois Street and the Chicago River, outside the 96-story Trump International Hotel & Tower. 
“We can actually use his own words against him: ‘When you hit us, we hit back,’ ” said Transportation Committee Chairman Anthony Beale (9th). 
“You’ve hit Chicago numerous times. . . . When you hit Chicago, Chicago hits back.” 
{snip} 
As for the honorary street designation, one of the Trump Plaza signs already has been stolen. So only one more needs to be removed. That will be done post-haste, if the full City Council approves the punishment, thanks to a so-called “pending passage” letter that Beale promised to sign. 
Reilly said Trump no longer deserves the honor after making political hay at Chicago’s expense in a way that has damaged the city’s reputation on the global stage. 
Trump’s decision to portray Chicago as a “war zone” that needs stop-and-frisk during the first presidential debate was the final straw. 
“He was comparing us to a war-torn, third-world country. That was a set of comments that didn’t just insult me. It insulted anyone who loves this great city,” Reilly said. 
{snip}",0
9134,Yemen Sees U.S. Strikes as Evidence of Hidden Hand Behind Saudi Air War - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For the United States, it was simple retaliation: Rebels in Yemen had fired missiles at an American warship twice in four days, and so the United States hit back, destroying rebel radar facilities with missiles. But for the rebels and many others in Yemen, the predawn strikes on Thursday were just the first public evidence of what they have long believed: that the United States has been waging an extended campaign in the country, the hidden hand behind Saudi Arabia’s punishing air war. For the Obama administration, the missile strikes also highlighted the risks of a balancing strategy it has tried to pursue in Yemen since a bitter sectarian war engulfed the country two years ago. The United States has not formally joined the   coalition that intervened in support of Yemen’s deposed government  —   and has tried to push the warring factions toward a peace deal  —   but it has refueled coalition bombers, trained Saudi pilots and provided intelligence to the bombing campaign. A year and a half of bombing  —   along with the deaths of thousands of Yemeni civilians  —   has stoked anger in Yemen not only toward the Saudis, but also toward their perceived patrons in Washington. This week’s attacks on the Mason, an American destroyer, and the Pentagon’s response show how rapidly the United States can go from being an uneasy supporting player to an active participant in a chaotic civil war. “The Americans have been patronizing and directing the war from the very beginning,” said Brig. Gen. Sharaf Luqman, a spokesman for the rebel alliance. Yemen’s conflict started in 2014, when Shiite rebels from the north, the Houthis, seized the capital, Sana, and sent the government into exile. They now control much of the country’s north and west, along with army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh. An international military coalition led by Saudi Arabia began a bombing campaign in March 2015 in an effort to restore the government of Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, the exiled president. The Obama administration gave its immediate support to the campaign  —   despite skepticism about whether the coalition would be able to dislodge the Houthis from Sana  —   in part because it needed Saudi support for the nuclear deal it was negotiating with the kingdom’s archenemy, Iran. That support has come under greater scrutiny amid reports that coalition forces have been striking residential areas, markets, medical facilities and weddings. On Saturday, an attack on a funeral reception in Sana killed more than 100 people. The United States has also kept warships in the region to guard a sea lane through which four million barrels of oil pass each day. There, in the narrow strait at the mouth of the Red Sea, the dizzying mix of warships, cargo vessels and insurgent forces this week yielded precisely what the Obama administration had spent 18 months trying to avoid. The American strikes, launched at   territory, came after two unsuccessful missile attacks on the Mason in four days, the Pentagon said Thursday, and were intended solely to protect American forces and other shipping in Bab el Mandeb, the strait separating Yemen from Eritrea and Djibouti. More attacks would invite further retaliation, Peter Cook, the Pentagon spokesman, said Thursday. American and allied warships will continue to patrol the strait, he said, but “we don’t seek a wider role in the conflict. ” That may be the case, but the United States now finds itself facing a dangerous situation in a narrow stretch of water where even small incidents run the risk of inciting a broader conflict. After the American strikes, Iran said it was sending two warships to the strait, presumably to support the Houthis, an indigenous Shiite group with loose connections to Iran. Saudi Arabia has portrayed the Houthis as an Iranian proxy force and has said that it needed to intervene in Yemen to protect Saudi national security by preventing the rise of a belligerent militia on its southern border. Foreign diplomats and analysts say Iran’s ties to the Houthis are murkier, although Iran has provided the group with some military support. Michael Knights, a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who studies Yemen, said most of the arms used by the   alliance were “legacy matériel,” meaning that they were in the country before the conflict started. Yemen has for a long time been awash in arms, and much of the rebels’ armory came from the Yemeni Army. But as the conflict has gone on, there has been more evidence of Iranian military support, he said. Along the   border, rebels have begun using   missiles,   rockets and sniper rifles of the same type used by   militias in Iraq and Lebanon. Pentagon officials could not say whether it was Houthi rebels themselves who had launched the missiles at the Mason or whether they had been fired by allied military units loyal to Yemen’s former president, Mr. Saleh, who are fighting alongside the insurgents. But Mr. Cook said Thursday that the main issue was the threat to American forces and that the retaliatory strikes had disabled the radar installations that had targeted the Mason. “These targets were chosen based on our assessment that they were involved in missile launches in recent days, and they were struck in order to defend our ships and their crews and to protect freedom of navigation through a waterway that is vitally important to international commerce,” Mr. Cook told reporters. Gerald M. Feierstein, a former ambassador to Yemen who was the State Department’s   diplomat for the Middle East until May, said the rebels most likely acquired the   missiles in the past few months, probably from Iran. “This is a relatively new phenomenon,” Mr. Feierstein said, acknowledging that it was unclear whether the decision to launch them at an American warship had been made by senior Houthi leaders or a rogue commander. On Oct. 1, the Houthis claimed a successful attack on a vessel being used by the United Arab Emirates. While that strike  —   and the two attacks on the Mason this week  —   killed no one, they raised the specter that the chaos in Yemen would increasingly threaten international navigation. “That is why these missile strikes are so significant,” said Mr. Knights, the analyst. “It might be the indication that the Houthis have said, ‘You know what, if we get nothing from the West, then we have nothing to lose. ’” According to the United Nations, more than 4, 000 civilians have been killed in Yemen since the bombing campaign began. Even though the Obama administration provides extensive support for the military coalition, the administration’s public position is that it is not a party to the conflict, a stance that rings hollow for many Yemenis. “In Yemen, this is seen as a U. S. bombing campaign,” said Senator Christopher S. Murphy, the Connecticut Democrat and critic of the war who led an effort in the Senate last month to block a $1. 15 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia. Mr. Murphy said that the White House should use its leverage over the Saudis, and use the threat of dialing back some of this support to try to rein in a campaign that has been widely condemned as reckless. “The Saudis have to know that they can’t conduct this campaign without U. S. support,” he said.",0
9135,Most Embarrassing Mom Liz Cheney Dresses Daughter Up As ‘Hillary’s Emails’ For Halloween (IMAGES),"  
It was recently noted that superhero costumes were far outpacing princess ones as children’s Halloween outfits of choice this year . But what would be dead last? Probably the hackneyed political groan-inducer dreamed up by Liz Cheney for her daughter. 
For inexplicable reasons, Liz Cheney – daughter of America’s most detestable former vice president, Dick – decided to staple a bunch of pieces of office scrap paper onto her daughter and send her to school as “Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails.” Ugh. 
On social media, proud mom Liz even boasted about the costume. Trick or treat? Our daughter Gracie went to school in the scariest of Halloween costumes: Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails. #HappyHalloween pic.twitter.com/Gs33p78FJT 
— Liz Cheney (@Liz_Cheney) October 31, 2016 
It’s hard to imagine a less “cool” thing to go as than the living embodiment of a manufactured right-wing scandal that only aging conservatives cared about in the first place. Teens, whom already lean heavily liberal, probably won’t spontaneously become registered Republicans because a classmate showed up covered in paper. Making matters worse, the costume’s gimmick isn’t even obvious. Kids will have to go up to Gracie and ask “So what are you supposed to be?” And she will have to respond, time and again, “I’m Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails. Those things your grandfather was yelling about at the family reunion and quite literally nobody else is interested in.” 
And because irony died and was buried in a shallow grave this year, Liz Cheney didn’t bother to justify her own father’s carelessness with emails. Forget the 33,000 emails, the Bush Administration “lost” or “deleted” over 22 million. Guess whose emails “disappeared” most often? 
Most troubling, researchers found a suspicious pattern in the White House email system blackouts, including periods when there were no emails available from the office of Vice President Dick Cheney. “That the vice president’s office, widely characterized as the most powerful vice president in history, should have no archived emails in its accounts for scores of days—especially days when there was discussion of whether to invade Iraq—beggared the imagination,” says Thomas Blanton, director of the Washington-based National Security Archive. 
I guess stapling 22 million emails to her daughter would be a bit impractical, though. Maybe they should have stuck with a superhero costume. 
Featured image via Twitter",0
9136,Trump THREATENS Press In Closed-Door Meeting; Here Are The Terrifying Things He Said – New Century Times,"
In something that could’ve been scripted by George Orwell, President-elect Donald Trump just has pretty much every major media personality and/or outlet over to Trump Tower for a closed-door meeting. 
The NY Post stated : 
“The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC’s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC’s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, 
Also, CBS’ Norah O’Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News’ Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC’s Phil Griffin and CNN’s Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett.” 
Before the meeting, everyone was speculating as to what was going on. Why is Trump colluding with the media? Is he trying to control the conversation and form some sort of state sponsored media? 
Well, speculate no further. Trump called everyone to his tower to scold them like the Henry the 8th he is very much turning out to be. 
According to one source who confided in the NY Post : 
“It was like a f–ing firing squad…Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said ‘I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed.” 
Adding: 
“The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down.” 
It was basically Trump throwing a hissy fit and talking down to everyone in the media to tell them how very awful they are to him. Even though they were pretty soft on him throughout the course of his campaign, often given him an open forum and hours of free airtime to tout his craziness. 
Another source said: 
“The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks.” 
Further: 
“Trump kept saying, ‘We’re in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.’ He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars…Trump didn’t say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate – which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room.” 
Some of the media did try to get a word in edgewise, but it was pretty much all for naught. Trump was there to scold and not get a lesson from the media in freedom of the press and speech. 
NY Post reported a source saying: 
“[CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question, ‘How do you propose we the media work with you?’ Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked ‘How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.” 
According to Kellyanne Conway, however, it all went really well. Yet, it’s hard to believe a word that comes out of the Trump camp, because they will say only what they want people to hear, and most of the time there’s barely a sliver of the truth involved. 
No word as to who the source is that spoke to the NY Post . 
It’s pretty clear Trump wants to control the narrative of the press, why else would he have so many big news names over to his palace tower? He wanted to scold them and likely tell them how they should be operating, and we should all be very, very mortified that he even had them over in the first place. 
After all, if you control the press, you control what the people hear. If you control what the people hear, you can tell them anything you want, even if it’s not in their best interests. It’s horrifying, to say the least, absolutely Hitler-esque, if we’re going to be honest. 
The press need to be counted on to hold Trump accountable for everything that he says or does, and if they don’t someone needs to hold the press accountable as well. This is a scary time we’re entering into and hopefully the Constitution will not be shredded and honesty with accountability will prevail. 
Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images ",0
9137,Is This The MOST Irish Thing Ever? HSE Cover Up Child Abuse!,"0 Add Comment 
AFTER obstructing the publication of two separate reports into the Grace case, surrounding the sexual and physical abuse of a disabled person in a Waterford foster home between 1989 and 2009, the HSE then tried to get a whistleblower fired. WWN’s Viral Team got to thinking, this is about the most Irish thing you’re going to read about all year! 
The classic move by any Irish institution that gets a whiff of a child being abused in any way, shape or form, is to cover up any evidence which could see someone held responsible for the abuse itself or the subsequent covering up of the abuse, and we have to say the HSE has absolutely nailed it! 
Using parliamentary privilege Fine Gael TD John Deasy spoke of how HSE officials sought to have the whistleblower fired, a whistleblower who had tried to alert people to abuse in a Waterford foster care home which was in receipt of HSE funding. What. A. Classic. Irish. Move. 
It’s possibly even more Irish than eating Tayto and watching Glenroe on a Sunday and knowing you had school the next day! 
After a psychological report on Grace was sent to the whistleblower by a new HSE disability coordinator in the region after years of being refused access to it, the head of the HSE in the south east at the time, who stands accused of mishandling Grace’s case, tried to have the whistleblower fired. The only thing more Irish than trying to silence someone who wants justice for the most vulnerable in our society is probably relocating a priest or 10 to a new parish while wearing your GAA jersey, LOL!!! 
With a full inquiry set to be launched in the coming weeks, you can bet there’s a distinct possibility that things could get ‘eating a snackbox after being in Copper Face Jacks all night’ levels of Irish if the publication of the inquiry is delayed a few years only to result in no one being held to account for what they have done.",0
9138,Brother of Clinton’s Campaign Chair is an Active Foreign Agent on the Saudi Arabian Payroll,"Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Brother of Clinton’s Campaign Chair is an Active Foreign Agent on the Saudi Arabian Payroll Brother of Clinton’s Campaign Chair is an Active Foreign Agent on the Saudi Arabian Payroll Claire Bernish October 26, 2016 Leave a comment 
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. 
According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the “ Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,” and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers’ lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia’s hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta’s lobbying efforts “raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.” 
“The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for ‘insulting Islam,’” Alternet reported . “Since then, Tony Podesta’s fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia’s advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.” 
Notably, the Saudis’ reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta’s status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks’ publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
“Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
“I do want to push back a bit (it’s my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we’ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won’t. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.” 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
“Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can’t give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.” 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign’s image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
“Where do we draw the line though?” 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
“If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary’s time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary’s past campaigns specifically. 
“Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
“As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I’m just offering this up as a middle ground.” 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
“Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?” 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta’s specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year’s end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
“Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,” Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . “That spans both what you’d call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.” 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn’t rigged — it’s performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Share Social Trending",0
9139,Steve King Says Civilization Can’t Be Restored With ‘Somebody Else’s Babies’ - The New York Times,"Representative Steve King, a Republican from Iowa who has a history of making inflammatory statements viewed by many as insensitive or outright racist, was roundly criticized on Sunday for his apparent endorsement of white nationalism. Mr. King made the remark on Twitter when he shared a story by the Voice of Europe website about the   Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who wants to end Muslim immigration and ban the Quran and who has called Moroccan immigrants “scum. ” Critics said that Mr. King echoed the principles of white nationalism, the belief that national identity is linked to the white race and its superiority to other races.   white nationalists emerged as a small but vocal group during the candidacy of Donald J. Trump, celebrating his promises to crack down on illegal immigration and ban Muslims from entering the United States, as well as heralding his presidential victory as a chance to preserve white culture. David Duke, the white nationalist and former Ku Klux Klansman who called Mr. Trump “by far the best candidate” during the campaign, celebrated Mr. King’s comments. But many people quickly condemned Mr. King. “You, Congressman, are simply a bigot,” one person replied. Another person wrote, “You know that you were ‘somebody else’s baby’ too, right? Or do you not understand how this works?” Representative Carlos Curbelo, Republican of Florida, responded from his personal Twitter account, asking Mr. King to explain himself. Representative Ted Lieu, a California Democrat who was born in Taiwan, shared a photo of his sons on Twitter. And Miriam Amer, the executive director of the Iowa chapter of the Council on   Relations, called on Republican Party leaders in the state and nationwide to repudiate the message. “This racist tweet crosses the line from   politics to   white supremacist advocacy,” she said in a statement. A representative for Mr. King did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Mr. King, who was elected to Congress in 2002, questioned what nonwhites have contributed to civilization at a panel discussion in July about the racial makeup of the Republican Party. “I’d ask you to go back through history and figure out where are these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you are talking about,” he said. “Where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization?” The month before, he tried to block an effort to put Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill. In 2013, Mr. King said that for every successful child of undocumented immigrants, there were 100 others who were drug mules with “calves the size of cantaloupes” from hauling marijuana.",0
9140,U.N. Attacks Poland For Anti-Abortion Laws,"GENEVA (AP)  —   The United States and other countries criticized Poland at the U. N.’s Human Rights Council on Tuesday for new laws that are seen as limiting the independence of the judiciary and public media. [Several Western nations also criticized Poland for its restrictive abortion laws, calling on the mostly Roman Catholic nation to give women the right to safe and legal abortions. And they highlighted a rising xenophobic atmosphere that has resulted in more crimes against foreigners.  The European Union has voiced concern about the Polish government since the conservative Law and Justice party assumed power in 2015 and moved quickly to consolidate power by limiting the independence of the Constitutional Tribunal and public media. The debate Tuesday in Geneva marked the first time that the country’s recent record was reviewed by the world human rights forum. All U. N. members face such periodic reviews. The U. S. representative at the session, Sheila Leonard, said her country was concerned about the developments in Poland. “We remain deeply concerned about judicial independence,” Leonard said. “We are also concerned about the continued discrimination and incidents targeting minorities in Poland, including homophobic, xenophobic and   speech and acts. ” Polish officials defended their record, saying the changes Law and Justice introduced were in line with European norms. The leading Polish representative, Renata Szczech, an undersecretary of state at Poland’s Foreign Ministry, reported that the government has reduced childhood poverty levels dramatically with new cash bonuses for families. Several delegates said they recognized the reduction in childhood poverty and urged Warsaw to show improvements in the other areas. Turkey’s delegate expressed concerns over an   mood in Poland, while Russia’s delegate criticized a recent spate of vandal attacks on memorials to Soviet soldier who died in World War II.",0
9141,Новый уровень патриотизма,"Политика 
Дмитрий Анатольевич Медведев знаком российскому обществу не как целомудренный политик, а как человек, ставящий превыше всего здоровье и хорошее настроение. Но на днях людям открылась другая грань главы правительства – в его душе, оказывается, затаился ярый патриот-кофеман, жаждущий всеми силами вырваться наружу. 
Никто бы не обратил внимания, что Дмитрий Анатольевич 16 ноября зарядился дозой здоровья и отправился на подписание соглашений по результатам заседания Евразийского межправительственного совета,   Глава правительства предложил переименовать кофе «американо» в «русиано». 
А началось все с белорусов. Российский премьер не смог удержаться и не похвалить белорусских коллег за конструктивное поведение во время заседания. Белорусский премьер Андрей Кобяков в ответ на похвалу ответил, что его адекватное поведение вызвано чашечкой кофе (вполне возможно, что если бы Кобяков выпил пару чашек кофе, то с легкостью нашел бы лекарство от рака, поборол на планете голод и наладил бы связи с внеземными цивилизациями). Медведев заметил, что слово «американо» звучит неполиткорректно, и предложил изменить название напитка, отвечающего за конструктивное поведение. Уже через секунду тишину нарушило славное, мелодичное, а главное – крайне патриотичное слово «русиано». Ну, звучит же! 
И никого не волнует, что словом «американо» изначально был назван способ приготовления кофе. Да и придумали его вовсе не американцы, а итальянцы для окупировавших их страну военных из США. 
Только представьте, теперь, желая заказать в кафе бодрящий напиток, вам не придется вспоминать это ужасное слово, пропитанное духом капитализма, буржуазии и хорошей жизни. Ведь есть новая исконно русская замена, которая олицетворяет всю могучесть и силу русской речи. Русиано – вместо тысячи слов… 
Русиано затмило собой все достижения совета и стало главным событием дня. Пользователи сети начали гадать, сколько же спирта будет входить в новый напиток и будет ли в нем сам кофе. Между тем, всплыли новые подробности – предложение о переименовании «американо» внес Медведев, а вот «отцом» русиано является армянский премьер. 
Но запущенный механизм было уже не остановить. Одно екатеринбургское кафе мгновенно отреагировало на идею переименования кофе. В баре с обнадеживающим названием «Огонек» не только появилось русиано, но и исчезли все англоязычные позиции в меню. Виски Jack Daniels переименовали в «Жора Денисов», а стейк New York — в «Воронеж». Забавно, что из всех российских городов организаторы решили, что именно Воронеж имеет больше всего сходств с Нью-Йорком. Гордый Manhattan превратился в «Марьину рощу», а Bronx отныне величают «Бирюлево». 
Странно только, что чувство патриотизма у отечественных политиков однобокое. Они прославляют импортозамещение и не любят американские названия, но это не мешает им носить айфоны и приобретать недвижимость в Америке.",0
9142,Obama’s Musings on False Narratives and Fake Stories,"Tweet Widget by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
So-called “fake news” has Obama shook up – probably because he and other presidents want to keep their monopoly on false narratives. “The ruling class, which Obama so faithfully serves, has lost control of the social and political narrative, without which it cannot ‘protect’ its wealth, privilege and power. It is a crisis of legitimacy, rooted in the crisis of capitalism, itself.” Obama’s Musings on False Narratives and Fake Stories by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“ People no longer believe the fake “news” and bogus narratives issued by the ruling class and its corporate and military misinformation specialists.” 
President Obama traveled to Berlin last week to browbeat Europeans on why they should continue to play junior partners in Washington’s quest for full spectrum global domination, but kept returning to his post-election obsession: the existential threat posed by “fake news” on social media. It was as if the realization had just dawned on the lame duck president, that his own powers to create “facts” and manufacture “news” out of thin air would soon be gone. Without the Clintons in the White House to continue the neoliberal project, history might conclude that the First Black President’s only enduring legacy was...that he was the first Black president. 
It’s a question of who gets to decide what’s “fake” or not. Obama fears that what he calls “fake” news begets fake history, which begets the fall of western civilization as the rulers would like people to imagine it. Fake news is a grave danger “in an age where there’s so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television,” according to Obama . “If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won’t know what to protect,” he told the Germans. 
It was a magic kind of moment. The legendarily cool and collected Obama had just let out the secret: the ruling class, which he so faithfully serves, has lost control of the social and political narrative, without which it cannot “protect” its wealth, privilege and power. 
“ When the people come to believe that the president’s narrative is a bunch of ‘propaganda,’ then future Obamas will no longer be able to protect the Lords of Capital from the pitchforkers.” 
Was the world’s most powerful individual (until January 20) in despair over Facebook’s failure to erase three or four fictitious, yet ultimately inconsequential, stories from its pages? Of course not. Obama’s problem -- and capitalism’s crisis-- is that people no longer believe the fake “news” and bogus narratives issued by the ruling class and its corporate and military misinformation specialists. “If we are not serious about facts and what’s true and what’s not, and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their phones, if we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems,” said Obama. 
This is the man that told the nation’s assembled bankers, a year after the Greet Meltdown of 2008, “My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks."" When the people come to believe that the president and the corporate media’s narrative -- that the system can be fixed with a little tinkering -- is a bunch of “propaganda,” rather than “serious argument,” then future Obamas will no longer be able to protect the Lords of Capital from the pitchforkers. 
Losing control of the narrative is what happened after Michael Brown’s murder in Ferguson, Missouri, when Black youth stopped listening to Obama’s fictitious sermon that racism is not endemic in America, a fake history that candidate Obama had successfully dispensed in his “A More Perfect Union” speech in Philadelphia, in 2008. 
Obama’s targeted handful of phony social media articles generally favored Donald Trump. But the 
biggest “fake news” of the recent campaign, promulgated by virtually the entirety of the ruling class ensconced in Hillary Clinton’s Supersized Tent, was that the Russians were scheming to despoil and disrupt the U.S. elections -- crimes Americans commit all by themselves every cycle through massive voter purges and other racist conspiracies. To Clinton and Obama’s horror, this McCarthyite deluge of fake anti-Russian news failed to sway the very “Middle Americans” that were thought to be the most belligerent, warlike constituency of all. 
“The root of the crisis lies in the inability of late stage capitalism to offer anything that will stem the steady decline in the mass of people’s living standards and economic security.” 
The Big Tent -- Wall Street, the national security establishment, and their media – have lost all credibility with the public, and Obama was still shaken by the realization when he traveled to Berlin. Donald Trump and his crowd’s credibility – their ability to weave a believable narrative – was nonexistent from the start among half the country, and will shrink even more over time. 
The root of the crisis of credibility, which is really a systemic crisis of legitimacy, lies in the inability of late stage capitalism to offer anything that will stem the steady decline in the mass of people’s living standards and economic security. So deep is the decay, every amelioration of public pain would require the dismantling of capitalist structures of power, which is unacceptable to the rulers. 
On the most basic level, the U.S. does not have universal health care because capital has entrenched itself in all aspects of health care delivery. The rulers cannot provide affordable housing because Wall Street has financialized the nation’s land and dwellings. Good jobs at living wages are impossible, as long as corporations are empowered to maintain their carefully crafted international supply chain for manufactured goods – the foundation of corporate globalization. Black America cannot break free of the Mass Black Incarceration State until Black people eject the police, as presently constituted, from their communities, which will also require ejecting the corporate collaborators of the Black Misleadership Class from positions of power. There can be no peace -- and no peace “dividend” for Americans – while predatory corporations and cartels dictate U.S. foreign policy. The cycle of decline and repression will continue until corporate power is broken and the banks are nationalized. 
The rulers offer nothing, because the system is no longer capable of providing relief to the working and “superfluous” classes (that means most Black folks). They can only spin tales of fantasy and distraction – fake stories and phony narratives. 
American “Exceptionalism” is “Manifest Destiny” with Native American genocide and Black slavery blotted out. It is the falsest narrative of all, tailored for imperial conquest and an “end of history” — meaning, the end of everyone’s narrative except the imperialist. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
9143,New Mothers Derailed by Drugs Find Support in New Hampshire Home - The New York Times,"ROCHESTER, N. H.  —   The young women, soon to be mothers, gathered around a big kitchen table, chatting excitedly about due dates and baby names and even morning sickness. But these were not typical expectant mothers. They had used opioids, mostly heroin and fentanyl. Many had been incarcerated. Few had families they could turn to for help, and the fathers of their babies were out of the picture. Most of these women  —   tough, sassy, vulnerable  —   were destined to go through their pregnancies in a shelter, jail or even on the street, fending for themselves as they had often done before. Instead, here they were last week, in the cozy kitchen of a classic 1856 New England farmhouse where the aroma of   cornbread filled the air. Set before them was a comfort lunch of tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. It was opening day at Hope on Haven Hill, a private house that its owner, Dr. Colene Arnold, had moved her own family out of so these women could move in. “This place is crazy pretty,” said an   Ariel Robbins Perkins, 24, who is 12 weeks pregnant and arrived here straight from jail. (The New York Times conducted a Facebook Live interview with Ariel that day.) Hope on Haven Hill, financed by $480, 000 in federal funds and more than $150, 000 in private donations, provides a safe, supportive environment where eight women who are either pregnant or newly postpartum can live while receiving comprehensive treatment and counseling for substance use disorders. Their days will be highly structured, with group therapy, private counseling, childbirth classes, life skills coaching, recovery support services and enrichment programs. Medicaid will reimburse Hope on Haven Hill for the services. Because opioid users are vulnerable to relapsing after they deliver, the women can stay at Hope on Haven Hill for up to a year after giving birth. If they have other children under 5, those children can live here, too. This is part of Haven Hill’s philosophy of keeping mothers and babies together and alleviating the widespread fear among pregnant drug users that if they seek help, their children will be taken away. New Hampshire has two other small facilities for pregnant women with substance use issues. But as the opioid epidemic has worsened, both have long waiting lists. The need is growing, as evidenced by the sharp rise in the number of babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, in which the newborn suffers withdrawal from the mother’s drug use. In 2000, the syndrome was diagnosed in 1. 5 babies per 1, 000 births in New Hampshire by 2012, that rate had soared to 15 babies per 1, 000 births, said Dr. Bonny L. Whalen, a newborn pediatrician at Children’s Hospital at   Medical Center in Lebanon, N. H. The rate now, she said, is even higher. New Hampshire’s rate is almost triple the national average, but it is still a major problem across the country. As of 2012, the federal government says, one baby was born suffering from opioid withdrawal every 25 minutes. That national rate, too, is higher now. The federal government said last week that opioid deaths had continued to surge in 2015 and for the first time in the nation’s history surpassed the number of deaths from gun homicides. Emma Lee, a tiny infant born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, was the first baby to arrive at Hope on Haven Hill on opening day last week. She had spent all 32 days of her life in a neonatal intensive care unit because her mother, Amanda, 31, who was homeless for the first six months of her pregnancy, had used heroin for most of that time and then went on methadone. At birth, babies like Emma Lee suddenly lose their opioid supply. Some go into withdrawal and require methadone or morphine to control their symptoms until they can be weaned off. “Her withdrawals were pretty severe,” said Amanda, who did not want her last name used, as she cradled Emma Lee in their sunny bedroom at Hope on Haven Hill. While in the hospital, the baby had difficulty eating. Her hands and legs shook with tremors. “It was really hard as a mom to see your new baby go through that,” Amanda said. “I know for myself, I know what it feels like to withdraw, and it’s pretty terrible to imagine a tiny helpless baby going through that. ” Hope on Haven Hill does not accept active drug users. Most of the women have only recently stopped using opioids  —   in New Hampshire these days, that usually means heroin and fentanyl. But they cannot detox, because going through withdrawal causes dehydration and increases the risk of miscarriage or of the mother’s   with opioids to stave off the painful effects of withdrawal. So most of these women are on some kind of medication assisted treatment, either methadone or buprenorphine, which is marketed as Suboxone or Subutex. Erica Vallee, 24, who is five months pregnant, is among those at Hope on Haven Hill on Subutex. She has used heroin since she was 18 and has been in and out of rehab and jail. She says becoming pregnant was “the only thing” that made her stop using illegal drugs. But like others here, she is afraid of relapsing. “I can’t be left alone because I don’t trust myself,” she said as she scrubbed the dishes in the kitchen sink after lunch. The hope is that the stable, nurturing environment of Haven Hill will provide enough support and encouragement for these women to maintain their sobriety. Dr. Arnold, who owns the Haven Hill house, planned the program with Kerry Norton, a prenatal nurse with whom she worked at a nearby women’s health center. About two years ago, the health center started seeing more and more pregnant women with addiction issues who were not being treated for one reason or another. “They didn’t have prenatal care,” said Dr. Arnold, an obstetrician and gynecologist. “They’d show up at the birth center and deliver and have nothing, and their child would be taken out of their custody and they’d be out on the street again. ” Among those who showed up at the health center was Abi Lizotte. She was homeless, pregnant and had been using heroin for at least six years, after her older sister had died from an overdose. Ms. Norton, whose own son had overdosed around this same time, took an interest in her, but Ms. Lizotte skipped appointments and Ms. Norton could not find a treatment program that would take her. “I’m an educated nurse who knows the system, and I couldn’t navigate it,” Ms. Norton recalled. “I thought, ‘What is everyone else doing?’ And it blew my mind when I realized what everyone else was doing, which was dying. ” In June 2015, after a lengthy and exhaustive struggle, Ms. Norton got Ms. Lizotte  —   by this point eight months pregnant  —   into treatment in Nashua. That night, Ms. Norton, an insomniac, went home and took to Facebook, where she asked if anyone knew Ellen DeGeneres or Oprah Winfrey or anyone rich enough to establish a treatment program for pregnant women derailed by drugs. Dr. Arnold, a fellow insomniac, wrote back: “I don’t know Ellen and I don’t know Oprah, but I have this house and I’ve wanted to do this same thing for three years now. ” The two started brainstorming and conceived the plan for Hope on Haven Hill. They credit Ms. Lizotte, now 24, sober and the mother of a healthy boy, as their inspiration. Since then, they have overcome mounds of red tape, secured the home’s financing and achieved nonprofit charitable status. In September, Dr. Arnold moved her family  —   her husband, two children, two dogs and a cat  —   to a smaller home while workers renovated the Haven Hill house to meet the building codes for a residential center. Workers refinished the   pine floors, and volunteers came in with buckets of paint as new furniture, beds and linens arrived. After a   ceremony last week, Timothy Rourke, the chairman of the New Hampshire Governor’s Commission on Alcohol and Drug Abuse, said in an interview that while there was much to celebrate, it was important to remember that the state is in the middle of a crisis. “We’re still looking at a death rate that is way too high and wait lists that are way too long, and many people are asking for help that doesn’t come fast enough,” he said. “Hope on Haven Hill should be a call for all of us to do better. ” Its doors barely open, Hope on Haven Hill already has a lengthy waiting list of its own.",0
9144,Trump to Hold Rally in Pennsylvania Night of White House Correspondents’ Dinner - Breitbart,"President Trump announced Saturday afternoon that he will be holding a rally that happens to be the same night as the White House Correspondents’ Dinner. [Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017,   “Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!” Trump wrote on Twitter. The announcement comes after Trump made the decision to skip the annual dinner in February, breaking with the tradition presidents in recent years have set by attending the event. The rally will be held April 29 in Harrisburg, the same day as Trump marks the 100th day of his presidency, Politico reported. A senior White House official said the decision to hold the rally that day had more to do with how Trump planned to spend the hours of the 100th day than the correspondents’ dinner. “The media is trying to make this about them when  —   respectfully it has nothing to do with you guys,” said the official. “It’s about focusing on the people. ” No White House staff will attend the dinner either as a show of solidarity with Trump, and outlets such as Vanity Fair, TIME, People, Bloomberg, and the New Yorker have canceled their parties. Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein will headline the event in Trump’s place to present journalism awards.",0
9145,"Germany: Moslem Pulls Over Bike to Masturbate at White Girls, Police Say He Did Nothing Wrong","Germany: Moslem Pulls Over Bike to Masturbate at White Girls, Police Say He Did Nothing Wrong 
Andrew Anglin Daily Stormer October 27, 2016 
Everyone in the Western world must ask themselves the question: what do I love most about diversity? 
For me, it’s a very, very difficult question to answer. 
But when it comes right down to it, I have to say that I think the greatest benefit of diversity is the vibrancy. 
Since Wednesday is the sex Gangster (27) of Longerich is a permanent topic of conversation in social networks. Now heâs taken! 
That same evening he was arrested by police in Longerich and brought in for questioning. 
According EXPRESS information he should be a Persian, which is reported in a [] camp. He is said to have at least three cases exposed and masturbating in front of women. Two of the women (28, 41) have filed a complaint. 
… 
After questioning the man was released. âInvestigation against him were initiated. But since there are no grounds for detention, he was after the interrogation go again,” said a police spokesman. 
It’s disgusting that a full 2/3rds of German women will file a complaint against a diverse vibrant who is doing absolutely nothing by expressing his rich cultural heritage in the form of a unique historical tradition which reflects his incredible cultural identity. 
I long for the day when German Nazism finally ends, and these White sluts learn to shut their filthy infidel whore mouths.",0
9146,Michael Keaton: Trump Policies ‘Recruiting Tool’ for ISIS,"Actor Michael Keaton took to Twitter Monday and slammed President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program, calling it “another recruitment tool” for ISIS. [Big thank you to Trump for handing ISIS ANOTHER recruiting tool. Nice job Birther Boy!  —   Michael Keaton (@MichaelKeaton) January 30, 2017,   The Academy Award nominated actor also said there is “no end in sight” for the Trump administration’s “mayhem. ” This administration creates Mayhem with no end in sight.  —   Michael Keaton (@MichaelKeaton) January 30, 2017,  Keaton also encouraged his social media followers to be ready to “speak out” against President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. “Keep the resistance WELL THOUGHT OUT AND SPECIFIC and prepare to speak out if necessary on Supreme Court nominee! !” the Spotlight star wrote on Twitter. Keep the resistance WELL THOUGHT OUT AND SPECIFIC and prepare to speak out if necessary on Supreme Court nominee!!  —   Michael Keaton (@MichaelKeaton) January 30, 2017,  Keaton’s scathing critique of the administration’s policies follows   protests in New York City on Sunday and a slew of searing speeches aimed at the President during the SAG Awards. President Trump announced via Twitter on Monday that he’s set to name his United States Supreme Court nominee. “I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P. M. (W. H.),” Trump wrote. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
9147,Hillary’s Silent Plan to Destroy America,"

Hillary’s secret agenda is not so secret. In short, she plans to destroy America’s borders. She will be fulfilling the globalist agenda of making America an open country. An open country whose resources are ripe for the picking.
Listen to Dave Hodges describe how America will take its final breath as a nation if Clinton is elected.

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.

Click on the image to begin the download process
This Movie Reveals the Greatest Threats to the American People- If the movie did not make it to your neighborhood, you can order your copy of the DVD. Order your copy by clicking here. 


 
",0
9148,New ‘Conservative Media Network’ Sends Out Casting Calls — Trump Whistles With Hands In Pockets,"  
A casting call obtained by Fox News on Wednesday was apparently sent out by an “up-and-coming conservative media network currently in development.” 
According to the casting call, the upstart network is searching the U.S. for hosts, reporters, and right-wing well-spoken contributors. 
The notice stresses that on-air talent “must be knowledgeable about conservative viewpoints, current events, and the presidential election,” adding applicants must also “look upscale and intelligent,” and should be “outspoken and energetic.” 
The network is holding auditions at a secret New York City studio on November 7, just before election day. 
And while the casting call does not disclose the identity of the mystery employer, it does suggest that the network’s first programming will be streamed online. Coincidentally, the Trump campaign has just set up it’s online Facebook live feed, where his aides have been broadcasting Trump events and counter news programming. 
Vanity Fair was the first to report in June that Trump was thinking about starting his own media network. 
In September, the Financial Times reported that Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner started making inquiries into launching a new media company after the election to capitalize on his father-in-law’s political movement. 
However, Trump has openly dismissed the idea, and told the Washington Post last month: 
“I want to win the presidency, and I want to make America great again. It’s very simple. I have no interest in a media company.” 
Wouldn’t it be funny if one of his kids just so happened to start a media company after the election? 
Or perhaps Donald Trump just does it under his name, after all, it’s not as if he’s ever had a problem with lying, especially when it comes to business. 
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
9149,Yale Defies Calls to Rename Calhoun College - The New York Times,"Despite decades of fervent student protests that reached a peak last fall, the president of Yale announced on Wednesday that the university would keep the name of a residential college honoring the   politician and white supremacist John C. Calhoun. The president, Peter Salovey, also said the university would name its two new residential colleges for Anna Pauline Murray and Benjamin Franklin. The selection of Ms. Murray, a legal scholar and civil rights activist who graduated from Yale Law School in 1965, represents the first time the school has honored either an   or a woman with the naming of a college. Many students were perplexed by the selection of Franklin, who received an honorary degree from Yale. Franklin, like many other founding fathers, was once a slaveholder himself before he became involved in the abolitionist movement. Mr. Salovey explained that Franklin was a “personal hero and role model” of Charles B. Johnson, a businessman and Yale alumnus who donated $250 million to pay for the new buildings  —   the largest gift in the school’s history  —   and who suggested the honor. In a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, Mr. Salovey said that while Mr. Johnson’s gift was not contingent upon naming the college after Franklin, “I really want you to remember this is the largest single gift ever given to Yale. ” In addition, the faculty leaders of all Yale residential colleges will shed their   title of master they will now be called heads of college, acknowledging the discomfort many students and faculty members felt toward a title that conjures the country’s history of slavery. As part of the resolution, Yale will start a historical study examining the “  people, events and narratives behind the familiar facades seen on campus,” beginning with an appraisal of Mr. Calhoun’s legacy. The various decisions came in consultation with the Yale Corporation, the university’s governing body. On Wednesday night, the Black Student Alliance at Yale issued a statement calling the naming of Murray College and the abandonment of the master title “  first steps towards creating a better and more inclusive Yale. ” Retaining the name Calhoun, they said, “is a regression. ” Mr. Salovey defended the Calhoun decision as the best possible way for the university to confront its history. “Universities have to be the places where tough conversations happen,” he said. “I don’t think that is advanced by hiding our past. ” Similar heated discussions about historic ties between universities and their racist pasts have inflamed campuses across the country. Princeton’s board of trustees decided this month that the name Woodrow Wilson would remain on its buildings and school, despite vociferous student objections. Mr. Wilson was an admirer of the Ku Klux Klan and reinstated segregation in the federal government. Yale has long grappled with the legacy of Mr. Calhoun, who advocated slavery as “a positive good,” but the issue found footing last fall after an online petition demanding that the college’s name be changed garnered around 1, 500 supporting signatures. The dispute over Calhoun College, founded in 1933, that ensued soon revealed deeper discontent among students and professors over more substantive issues regarding race, in particular what many saw as the university’s lack of commitment to faculty diversity and the alienation experienced by many minority students. A group of student activists  —   operating under the name Next Yale  —   handed Mr. Salovey a list of demands last year that included increasing the number and tenure of diverse faculty members increasing the budgets for ethnic and racial cultural centers abolishing the title of master and naming the two new residential colleges after minorities. Those demands were met in part, but students have largely remained skeptical. In November, the university announced that it was committing $50 million to a   initiative, an effort to address the fact that less than 3 percent of its Faculty of Arts and Sciences is black. Among Yale’s roughly 5, 400 undergraduates, 11 percent identify themselves as black or  . Karléh Wilson, a senior from Louisiana who has helped organize the Next Yale protests, said she felt the university did not go far enough to meet student demands. “There are more than enough alumni of color who the naming committee could have drawn from,” Ms. Wilson, 22, said. Crystal Feimster, a professor of   studies, agreed, saying she was “deeply disappointed with the decision not to rename Calhoun” and found the selection of Franklin “a missed opportunity. ” Still, she lauded the choice of Ms. Murray, whom she called “a relentless advocate for racial equality and women’s rights. ” Jonathan Holloway, the college’s first black dean of students, called this year “a moment of reckoning” that he hoped would strengthen the university. “We’re trying to reconcile our current values and aspirations with these names,” he said. “We will have failed if we do not do that work going forward. ”",0
9150,Comment on What Donald Trump Needs To Do by Debbie Menon,"By Rahul Manchanda, Esq. on November 10, 2016 There has never been a better-suited and more experienced President when it comes to these issues... 
by Rahul Manchanda, Esq. 
Now that Donald Trump has been elected President of the United States of America, there are a lot of things he needs to do. 
He has seen firsthand the unseemly underbelly of the various Deep State actors that have fought tooth and nail to both undermine and character assassinate him, as well as destroy him personally and professionally. 
But Donald Trump is made of legendary stuff, and not only endured these constant and underhanded attacks, but also exposed and destroyed them all, one by one. 
However the problems facing him and his administration still exist, and part of his mandate needs to not only “make America great again,” but to also ensure that the cancers that plague American society are dealt with and destroyed, once and for all: 
The Media 
Donald Trump needs to somehow dismantle and break up control of the American media by only 6 major corporations. 
He needs to light a fire under the collective asses of the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and force them to do their job. 
No agency in the United States is so important but has been so asleep at the wheel than this one. 
Problems with the FTC and its lack of teeth or motivation has resulted in some of the most heinous consolidations of illicit power in the hands of an evil greedy few, devastating and hurting the American people, and Donald Trump and his family as well. 
Large behemoths such as the Hillary Clinton/Deep State allies such as Google and the Major Media need to be first on the chopping/neutering block. 
The Big International Banks 
Similarly, the awesome power and monetary capital of the big banks, hedge funds, investment banking houses, and other financial institutions have also been left to their own devices, allowed to grow like a cancer without any FTC or Treasury oversight, to the point where they literally threaten American democracy and its people on a daily basis – indeed they, just like the Major Media, got behind Hillary Clinton, even in the face of all her crimes and conspiracies, to unseat Donald Trump to ensure that he never got into Presidential Office. Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule 
This lesson Donald Trump should never forget – because as long as they are allowed to continue their domestic and global hegemony unchallenged, they will also pose an existential threat not only to the American people and their civil liberties/human rights/constitutional guarantees, but also to Donald Trump and his efficiency as President himself. 
One of his first orders of business should be the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act , previously repealed by Bill Clinton in 1998, which separates investment banking money from mom and pop checking/savings accounts, so that risky investments by banking houses will, and should, result in their bankruptcy, rather than being bailed out by the American taxpayer. 
Many argue that this repeal, coupled with the forced reduction of credit standards of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by Bill Clinton through his HUD Director Andrew Cuomo to buy a home, created the mortgage crisis and crashed the American economy (some say deliberately) in 2008. Goldman Sachs sickeningly created a reverse credit swap derivative, betting on the impending housing mortgage crisis, and made billions in the Glass-Steagall repeal that was pushed by their own Robert Rubin, Larry Summers, and Gene Sperling, when they were US Treasury Secretaries and Economic Policy Advisors under Bill Clinton. RUBIN, GREENSCAM, AND SUMMERS 
Donald Trump also needs to take on the Federal Reserve, audit them, and if he finds any irregularities or shady behavior (which he most assuredly will), then he needs to immediately repudiate and/or renegotiate the insanely ridiculous 23 Trillion Dollars in American Debt, delivering the American People from the yoke of financial and tax slavery by the Central Bankers of America, Europe, and Overseas. 
Optimally he might consider issuing American currency from the US Government, rather than by a secret closed-off cabal of illicit and greedy private international citizens/corporations. President Bill Clinton promotes NAFTA at the United States Chamber of Commerce in November, 1993. 
Bring Industry and Manufacturing Jobs Back to the USA 
As Donald Trump so effectively and succinctly repeated while on the campaign trail over the past 2 years, the North American Free Trade Agreement (“NAFTA”) was single-handedly one of the most devastating and disruptive treaties ever placed on the books of American jurisprudence, thus resulting in the mass loss of tens of millions of American jobs, industries, manufacturing facilities, revenue, and self-confidence of the American people – 
Donald Trump needs to rebuild and re-establish American pre-eminence in industry, manufacturing, and hardcore goods for services, all made and manufactured in the United States of America. 
Stupid Foreign Wars 
Donald Trump has also echoed the American overwhelming cry of anti Neo-Conservative bloodlust by keeping America out of stupid, foreign wars geared only for the benefit and power of a few, endangering the safety and welfare of the many. 
To do this Donald Trump must revamp and refresh the US Department of Defense, the Pentagon, the Intelligence Services, and the Military. 
He must ensure that not one single drop of American blood be shed for another hopelessly stupid war – if the United States has become a National Security State with its greatest source of income and revenue being the weapons, artillery, and products of the Military Industrial Complex (“MIC”) then he needs to find alternative and supplemental sources of revenue such as what was described above in terms of manufacturing and industrial jobs and factories being re-established within the United States. Section 60 of Arlington National Cemetery Offers Tragic Testimony to America’s Most Recent Wars 
Donald Trump needs to value the heroism and self-sacrifice of American soldiers, military and veterans, and stop sending them on unnecessary stupid wars for the sake of the wealth and power of the Deep State, and also to ensure that once our soldiers return home, that they are treated like the true heroes and privileged class that they are, and always should be (jobs, health care, benefits, and utmost respect). 
No one has better described the predicament facing the American People in this regard than Dr Paul Craig Roberts in his stellar work, “The Neoconservative Threat to World Order.” 
This also means developing working and effective relationships with other great world powers such as Russia, China, and India, in the spirit of mutual respect and friendship, to jointly take on the world’s problems and terrorists together, based on mutual consultation and consensus, rather than with the United States “policing the entire world.” 
Reversing Divide and Conquer 
One of the first things that Donald Trump said upon accepting his election as President was that he wanted to listen to everyone, and bring everyone together under the fabric of the United States of America. 
Right off the bat, he declared that he would be a uniter, and not a divider. 
To that end he needs to now undo the “special protected classes,” chock full of con-artists and whiners who use their protected class status to get special privileges, abuse others, trample on the right of others not lucky enough to be different, or oppress the constitutional, civil, and human rights of the rest of America. From undermining the Second Amendment and influencing elections to sponsoring color revolutions in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, the ominous footprint of George Soros is everywhere.— reclaimourrepublic 
These protected classes have been revealed to be the “henchmen” and agents of the Deep State, by the likes of such men as arch-manipulator and “color revolution” social engineer, George Soros, who use these unwitting “protected classes” to do their dirty work, in their ongoing assault on the American people with their “divide and conquer” rhetoric, pitting men against women, children against their own parents, gays against straights, minorities against majorities, and different races/religions against one another. 
The only ones who benefit from this intra-American infighting have always been the Ruling Class Deep State Plutocrat Elite, who have watched with smiles, rubbing their hands, as they kept the American people fighting amongst themselves, so that the People are too busy fighting and killing each other to notice or challenge the crimes and conspiracies of the Deep State Elite themselves. 
Criminal Justice and Family Court Reform 
No single “American Industry” has been so lucrative to the Deep State Elite, and debilitating to the American People, than the horrific butchering process known as the American Criminal Justice and Family Court system – indeed many would argue that the dismal state of race relations in America have their origins in the disparate treatment of racial and religious minorities by the state-sanctioned and wholesale criminality of the American Police State as implemented by Bill Clinton and Joseph Biden’s Crime Bill of 1994 and its corresponding draconian legislation pertaining to the family and criminal courts and its privatized prison industrial complex. Surrounded by lawmakers, President Bill Clinton hugs then-Sen. Joseph Biden after signing the $30 billion crime bill at the White House on Sept. 13, 1994. Dennis Cook/AP 
All too often, fundamental constitutional rights and guarantees have been squelched and squashed by the “American Stasi ” as formulated by the 1994 Crime Bill, and its corresponding US Department of Justice state-sanctioned “Community Oriented Policing” gang-stalking program, resulting in 1/3 of all African-Americans, 1/6 of all Latinos, and 1/10 of all Whites having been unfairly and without due process, probable cause, or evidence arrested, incarcerated, with families destroyed, resulting in over 70 million Americans with permanent criminal records (more than the entire population of France) – something is wrong here, and Donald Trump needs to do something about the fact that Biden and Clinton et al have transformed our once great and proud country into a “Nation of Criminals.” 
Donald Trump needs to take the immediate measures and remedies to undo and reverse the American Police State as described by John Whitehead in his seminal book and treatise, “Battlefield America.” 
Foreign Relations 
As Donald Trump echoed while on the campaign trail, he is a subscriber to the Thomas Jefferson school of thought of “Peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations – entangling alliances with none.” I am sometimes asked if I have any regrets about publishing our book. As of today, my only regret is that it is not being published now. After the humiliations that Obama has endured at the hands of the Israel Lobby and the Hagel circus, we would sell even more copies and we would not face nearly as much ill-informed criticism. — Stephen Walt, co-author of the book. 
Donald Trump is an “America-Firster,” and will not allow the United States to get embroiled and enmeshed in unnecessary foreign stupid wars, treaties, and other entanglements which tend to negatively affect American sovereignty, weighing us down like a rock around our collective necks – foreign nations need to put their “big boy pants” on and deal with their own internal skirmishes, civil wars, financial problems, and other internecine conflicts on their own, without the constant hand-holding (and financial and military support) of the United States and its hard working taxpayers. 
Unless the sovereignty or security of the United States is directly at risk, the USA needs to stay the hell out of the worlds’ problems and to focus on our own people, economy, and issues. 
The sentiments echoed herein can be attributed to legendary libertarian statesmen such as Dr Ron Paul and his protege Daniel McAdams. 
Re-injecting and Reinforcing American Moral Standards 
No area of American life has been so undermined and impacted as the deterioration of fundamental American values, morals, and character in the past few decades of American society, disastrously affecting American individuals, families, cities, states, and eventually the nation itself. 
This has been augmented and exacerbated by the constant, irresponsible, and disgusting messages in the American media, movie industry, Hollywood, by the undermining of organized religion in America, and the disruption of common value systems as brought on by unregulated mass immigration and non-assimilation by various foreign elements. 
A nation’s moral health and compass is absolutely essential for it to be considered a “Shining City on a Hill” as described by legendary President Ronald Reagan himself. 
For this, Donald Trump must use his “bully pulpit” as a leader to identify, isolate, target, and then take on the purveyors of common filth and disrepute by the American Hollywood movie and television industry, media, and other enemies of common human decency and morality. 
American Infrastructure 
As Donald Trump is the ultimate and consummate “builder,” it will be awe-inspiring to watch him re-build American infrastructure, such as our railroads, transportation systems, airports, roads and highways, hospitals, schools, buildings and cities. 
There has never been a better-suited and more experienced President when it comes to these issues, and Donald Trump will not disappoint in this very important arena of America’s pride, patriotism, self-confidence, and self-respect. Incumbent Attorney General Loretta Lynch 
Cleanse The Judiciary 
It is no secret that the last 8 years of steady Obama appointments have stocked the American Judiciary, federal state and local, with either Deep State bankster agents, or their “protected class” useful idiot appointees, who all report back to the same Deep State Oligarchy/Plutocracy anyway. 
The only thing these appointees have in common is that they generally have no respect for or understanding of the US Constitution or the Bill of Rights. 
The direct Deep State judicial appointees, usually hailing from the big law firms who in turn represent the big banks/corporations, know exactly who their masters are, while the ambitious “protected class” judicial appointees are either imbalanced activists, or too stupid to realize that their biased, unconstitutional judicial opinions serve the same Deep State Elite anyway, as they help to eviscerate and destroy the protections afforded and guaranteed by the US Constitution. 
Either way, a major house cleaning is in order, and Donald Trump needs to re-stock the judiciary with learned, educated, and constitutionally minded judges in the federal and state courts all throughout America, beginning with the major cities first, “pruning the judicial tree” as he goes along. 
Also see:",0
9151,Poor Families to Get More Help With Rent From New York State - The New York Times,"In a settlement that could help thousands of families avoid eviction, New York State will substantially increase the monthly rent subsidies it provides to   families with children in New York City, a move that could help reduce the number of people in homeless shelters. The public assistance program, known as the Family Eviction Prevention Supplement, has remained flat since it was established in 2004, even as rents have skyrocketed. Under the settlement, a family of three eligible for $850 per month, for example, would now be eligible for $1, 515, a 78 percent increase. The increase, which could go into effect as early as April, was agreed to on Monday and settled a lawsuit filed in December 2015 by four single mothers  —   two in the Bronx, one on Staten Island and one in Manhattan. The women said they faced eviction because the monthly public assistance they received from the state was “grossly inadequate” and far below   rent. In 2015,   rent was $1, 571 for a   apartment, and it is now $1, 637. Represented by the Legal Aid Society and Hughes Hubbard  Reed, the women were seeking increases in the Family Eviction Prevention Supplement for families with children who are under the threat of eviction and another benefit, known as the “shelter allowance,” for families with children on public assistance. “I feel happy that it’s going to help other women with children,” said Daniela Tejada, 27, one of the plaintiffs, who lives in a   apartment in the Bronx with her daughters, ages 6 and 2. “It’s really hard out here. All these rents are superhigh. ” The settlement stops short of increasing the basic shelter allowance, which is $400 for a family of three, but focuses on families in imminent danger of losing their housing by greatly increasing the subsidies and expanding eligibility for the program. The program is currently restricted to families with minor children who have been sued by a landlord. Now, victims of domestic violence will be included, even if they are not in court. The new eviction prevention subsidy will put a “substantial dent” in homelessness, Kenneth R. Stephens, a supervising lawyer with the Legal Aid Society, said in an interview. “It is probably the first real positive proposal on a scale that’s consistent with the crisis that we’re facing,” he said. New York City, the most populous city in the United States, has the largest number of homeless people, though most are sheltered. As of last Tuesday, there were 60, 061 people living in shelters overseen by the city’s Department of Homeless Services. That number does not count thousands of other people staying in specialized shelters overseen by other agencies for domestic violence victims and young people. About 51, 000 people were in homeless shelters when Mayor Bill de Blasio took office in 2014. The surge in homelessness has been nearly intractable for the de Blasio administration, which has struggled to find additional shelter and often uses commercial hotels as an expensive stopgap. Mr. de Blasio is expected on Tuesday to unveil a plan to open more shelters so that the city can move people from hotels and eventually transition them to permanent housing. Steven Banks, the former attorney in chief of the Legal Aid Society and the commissioner of the Department of Social Services, has pointed to the outdated rental assistance program as one of the drivers of the city’s ballooning homeless population. In an effort to move people out of shelters and to prevent others from being evicted, the city has put in place an array of rental assistance programs, including its own Family Eviction Prevention Supplement. But that program has confused tenants and landlords since the eligibility, caps and amounts differ from the state’s. Under the settlement, the state and city programs will be consolidated. There are about 10, 000 families in the state program and an additional 1, 000 in the city program, according to the Legal Aid Society. The settlement will be converted to a class action to cover those families and others, though three of the initial plaintiffs no longer receive public assistance and will not benefit. Ms. Tejada will see a bump in her subsidy, which is now limited to $850. Her   apartment rents for $1, 050, which was lowered from $1, 300, after she fought her landlord in housing court. Currently unemployed, Ms. Tejada, who had worked in a dental office, cobbled together the rent with the Family Eviction Prevention Supplement and child support. “Before, everything would go to the rent,” she said. “Now, at least, I can save and pay for school. ” Ms. Tejada said she would like to become a sonographer. This month, Mr. de Blasio and Melissa   the City Council speaker, announced that the city would double  —   to $93 million  —   the funds allocated to help tenants fight landlords in court. “This settlement, combined with adding access to counsel, is really going to be a game changer,” said Judith Goldiner, a lawyer with Legal Aid. Tenants can win in court, but they still need to pay the rent. “A lawyer can’t keep you in your home without the benefits to keep you in your home,” she said.",0
9152,Pleading for Peace in Chicago Amid Fears of a Bloody Summer - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   During Memorial Day weekend, this city reopens its Lake Michigan beaches, regular fireworks displays start at Navy Pier, and the downtown streets and   Riverwalk are crowded with tourists. But the holiday weekend is often seen here as the start of heightened violence as well. That has been particularly worrying this year to community leaders and city officials, as they grapple with a rise in gun violence that has traumatized some neighborhoods and left city officials searching for new ways to subdue street crime. “If something doesn’t change, if we don’t get jobs for these kids, if we don’t change the economic situation, I’m worried that we could be looking at a blood bath,” said the Rev. Corey Brooks, a pastor on the city’s South Side, a mostly   area where some of the shootings have been concentrated. “If something doesn’t happen, I fear that we’re potentially looking at one of the worst summers we’ve ever had. ” As of Friday morning, homicides in Chicago were up 52 percent in 2016, compared with the same period a year ago, and shootings had increased by 50 percent, though the pace of violence had slowed in recent weeks, the police said. Only five months into the year, at least 233 people had been killed. Officials are struggling with the problem and are using a range of strategies as the murder rate in Chicago, the nation’s   city, outpaces that of New York and Los Angeles. Over the weekend, the Chicago police increased the number of officers on the streets. About a week after a gang sweep that led to the arrests of 140 people, the police said they planned to have extra foot patrols in parks and neighborhoods and more officers on bicycles. They are also using social media to track potentially troublesome house parties. “I think you all know how important this weekend is,” the police superintendent, Eddie Johnson, said on Friday afternoon at a meeting with his top command staff. On Friday evening, people gathered at more than 100 gymnasiums, parks and churches around the city to call for gang members and others to stop the violence that has long plagued some Chicago neighborhoods. The activities were the start of Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s third annual Summer of Faith and Action initiative, which promotes safety and urges people to put down their guns. “If we all come together and reclaim our streets, reclaim our parks, there’s no room for the gangbangers,” Mr. Emanuel said, stopping by one of the gatherings on Friday night on the Southwest Side, where people played basketball and painted murals. “I would also say to the gangbangers what Eddie Johnson said,” Mr. Emanuel said, referring to his recently appointed superintendent. “There’s a small percentage creating an overabundance of the gun violence. The Police Department knows who you are. They know where you live. And they know what you’re doing. ” For a few hours on Friday evening, under periods of pounding rain, the peace held, and the police scanners were filled with mundane reports of disturbances and   problems after a Beyoncé concert. But by Saturday evening, the police reported, 19 people had been shot, four fatally, including a    girl. Last year during the   Memorial Day weekend, there were 46 shootings in Chicago, and 14 people were killed, the police said. Other years have been quieter in 2013, there were 22 shootings and six deaths. Some community leaders are concerned about what may lie ahead because of how widespread the shootings and killings were even before the warm summer months, historically the most violent time of year in Chicago. The Rev. Michael Pfleger said on Friday that residents seemed to be “hunkering down” because they expected bad things to happen. “It’s almost like everyone’s saying a hurricane is coming,” said Father Pfleger, whose parish, the Faith Community of St. Sabina, is on the South Side. “What we really need to be doing is getting out, walking around. Don’t board up your house. Be out on your block. Be vigilant. Fear either paralyzes you or it motivates you. We could have this be the safest weekend of the summer if everyone was out talking to one another. ” The worries about summer come at an extraordinarily complicated time for Chicago, which is facing parallel crises: a drastic spike in violent crime and a Police Department viewed with suspicion, even derision, in some neighborhoods.   relations between the Chicago police and residents, especially   boiled over after the November release of a dashboard camera video showing a white officer shooting a black teenager, Laquan McDonald, 16 times. In the months afterward, Mr. Emanuel faced calls for his resignation, the police superintendent was fired and the Justice Department began an investigation into the Police Department’s practices. Last month, a task force appointed by Mr. Emanuel issued a scathing report saying that racism had contributed to a long pattern of institutional failures by the department and that the department had lost the trust of residents. That mistrust, some here say, has made it harder to solve crimes on the streets: Witnesses and victims often choose not to share information with the police. “People think that to get justice, they have to take the law into their own hands,” said the Rev. Marshall E. Hatch, the pastor of New Mount Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church, on the West Side. Some here expressed concern about focusing on preparations for violence on a particular weekend  —   Memorial Day or otherwise. “The fact is that it’s constant and relentless, and that you don’t know when it’s going to happen,” said Dr. Kimberly Joseph, a trauma surgeon at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where some shooting victims are taken. “Try to imagine what it must be like for a    trying to go to school every day and not knowing what’s going to happen. ” No one knows for sure why Chicago’s violence has increased this year, but the police say it is largely the result of a small number of people involved with the city’s increasingly splintered set of gangs, and a rising number of disputes playing out on social media. A new area of concern is shootings along the expressways, where the authorities say gang feuds are spilling out of the neighborhoods. There have been 20 shootings along   expressways this year, the police said, and no arrests. “This has all amped up from what I’ve ever seen,” Father Pfleger said. “There’s a boiling point, and guns have become part of America’s wardrobe. People out here presume everyone has one, and they’ll tell you, ‘I’m going to draw mine before I get laid down.’ ” Chicago’s population of 2. 7 million is nearly equally split among whites, blacks and Hispanics, but most of the shootings have taken place in black and Hispanic neighborhoods on the city’s South and West Sides, and the majority of the victims have been  . For many who live in these neighborhoods, a recent poll showed, crime and gangs have become overriding concerns. More than 20 people under 18 have been killed this year. A number of bystanders have also been shot. Zarriel Trotter, 13, who appeared in an   video last year, was injured by a stray bullet in March. Janaé Bonsu, the national public policy chairwoman for Black Youth Project 100, said she was hopeful that city leaders would address the increase in violence by investing more in community groups focused on better jobs and increased educational opportunities, rather than just bolstering the police. “The City Council, the mayor, nobody is being brave enough to say that maybe our efforts are concentrated in the wrong place,” Ms. Bonsu said. “When you don’t have much going for yourself, whether it be work, whether it be school, your options are on the block. ”",0
9153,He Saved Thousands From The Nazis By Writing Their Visas By Hand,"posted by Eddie You’ve heard of “Schindler’s List,” but have you heard of Sugihara’s visas? Oskar Schindler, the subject of the film “Schindler’s List,” is credited with saving around 1,200 Jews during World War II. But have you ever heard of this humble diplomat-turned-lightbulb-salesman who was a hero to an estimated 6,000?! His name was Chiune Sugihara. It was 1939. The brink of World War II. Germany had annexed Czechoslovakia and invaded Poland. Jewish refugees from Poland were flooding the surrounding countries. At that time, a third of Lithuania’s urban population were Jews. In 1940, Sugihara was the vice consul of the Japanese consulate in Lithuania. Hundreds were coming into Sugihara’s office begging for visas that would give them passage to Japan and away from encroaching war, persecution, and almost certain capture … and death. He knew a way to help. Visas. The rules to get a visa were strict. And Sugihara’s bosses back in Tokyo told him to follow the strict rules they’d made. But if he followed the rules, the chances of getting visas to those in need went down. Too far down. Actually, it’s more accurate to say that if Sugihara wasn’t issuing the visas, the people’s chances of getting the visas virtually disappeared . The Japanese embassy in Lithuania was ordered to close, all while Sugihara sought permission to approve the visas (as many as three times) and was denied permission from the foreign ministry in Japan. So, after consulting with his family, Sugihara decided to ignore the rules and issue visas without permission: “People in Tokyo were not united. I felt it silly to deal with them. … I knew that somebody would surely complain about me in the future. But, I myself thought this would be the right thing to do. There is nothing wrong in saving many people’s lives.” by Nick Shepley So, he set to writing. Back then, that was how visas — especially these very special and more or less “illegal” visas — got made. By hand. A copy of one of Sugihara’s handwritten exit visas. Image via Huddyhuddy/Wikimedia Commons. Pen stroke by pen stroke, he saved lives by giving thousands passage across the Soviet Union, through Japan, and onward. These refugees weren’t headed specifically to Japan but to Curaçao and Dutch Guiana (now Suriname) and had to pass through the Soviet Union and Japan to get there. From the end of July to the end of August, until his consulate in Lithuania was scheduled to close in early September (about a month!), Sugihara issued visas, completely ignoring the rules. 45 years after he signed the visas, Sugihara was asked why he did it. He liked to give two reasons: “They were human beings, and they needed help,” he said. “I’m glad I found the strength to make the decision to give it to them.” He didn’t stay involved in government after the war ended. To support his family, he became an interpreter and translator and even did a stint as a door-to-door lightbulb salesman. He wound up managing an export company for the last 20 years of his life. He was just an average working man … with a huge, dramatic, bittersweet, and wonderful secret. On a memorial built for Sugihara in Los Angeles’ Little Tokyo, Sugihara is seated on a bench holding a visa. The quote that accompanies his statue is from the Talmud: “He who saves one life, saves the entire world.” He doesn’t have a movie, but wow. What a story. Score one for humanity! Source:",0
9154,Sweden Blocks Request for Data on Crime and Immigration,"A request for data detailing the relationship between crime and immigration in Sweden has been blocked by the government. [The Sweden Democrats (SD) called for an investigation into the subject after a recent study showed that Swedish women feel increasingly insecure, and are hesitant to leave the house, fearing sexual harassment.  Figures on the proportion of crimes that are carried out by people born abroad have not been available since 2005, but with the arrival of a huge number of migrants in recent years, the populist party hoped a report could shed some light on whether women’s growing insecurity is connected to the influx. Justice minister Morgan Johansson denied the need for updated statistics on immigration and crime because it would be unlikely to herald any new information. He told SVT News: “Sweden’s earlier figures and numerous international studies all show much the same thing. Minority groups are often overrepresented in crime statistics, but when controlling for socioeconomic factors this [the overrepresentation of minority groups] disappears almost entirely. ” The minister’s statement was slammed by Kurdish economist Tino Sanandaji, who outlined the flaws in the study to which Johansson referred, and wrote: “It is illogical to deny the criminality of migrants with the argument that criminal migrants are poor. ” The SD initiative gained support from only one person in another party, Centre Party MP Staffan Danielsson, who dissented from his party’s line to argue that it would be counterproductive to keep the information concealed. “There were reports in 1996 and 2005. Now it’s 11 years on and we have migration that’s on an entirely different level. “There are people who believe that almost no Swedes commit crime, and that it’s only   who do. Apparently this isn’t true. Facts are the only thing I’m after,” he told SVT. Sweden’s criminology establishment has been accused of deliberately concealing the relationship between immigration and crime, which critics say denies authorities the chance to prevent crime and learn from previous mistakes.",0
9155,One T.S.A. Line Worth the Wait - The New York Times,"No one likes to be stuck in a long,   security line at the airport. Unless you meet the person you’re going to marry. That’s what happened to Josh Mankiewicz and Anh Tu Dang in 2009 at Los Angeles International Airport, thanks to Transportation Security Administration procedures. “Standing ahead of me was this stunning woman,” Mr. Mankiewicz said. “I was staring at her. She didn’t notice. Finally we started talking. Actually, I started talking and she responded. ” Ms. Dang figured there was nothing else to do. She recalled thinking: “He seemed kind of nice. I may as well talk to him. ” Their conversation was brief and friendly. Luckily, Mr. Mankiewicz, a correspondent since 1995 for the NBC News magazine program “Dateline,” could read the   tag hanging from Ms. Dang’s bag. Unluckily, when he returned to Los Angeles from his business trip and searched for her name on Google, he found several Anh Tu Dang’s, just not the one who had caught his attention. But Mr. Mankiewicz, who had never married, had impulsively given his business card to Ms. Dang, who was divorced and the owner and chief executive of the home health care business CareWorks Health Service in Laguna Hills, Calif. “I was 100 percent sure I would never hear from her and that what I had done was something silly and overconfident,” he said. Once Ms. Dang returned to Los Angeles from her trip and looked up Mr. Mankiewicz, she was worried that he may have a big head and big ego. “He might have girlfriends in Chicago and New York, and I didn’t want to be another person on that list of women,” she said. After about four weeks, she decided to call. “He was handsome and apparently smart,” she said. “I thought, let me give it a shot and see what happens. ” When Ms. Dang, now 42, identified herself as the woman from the airport, Mr. Mankiewicz, now 60, didn’t immediately recognize who was calling. “I wondered if maybe I’d lost something,” he said. But when he realized it was Ms. Dang, whose nickname is Tee, he quickly invited her to dinner. “I remember walking into the restaurant and being struck by how beautiful she was,” Mr. Mankiewicz said. The couple dated for over a month, but not exclusively, and then Mr. Mankiewicz decided to pursue another relationship. “I wasn’t the right fit for him,” Ms. Dang said. “You know how you can tell when a guy’s heart isn’t into it. ” “She let me off the hook pretty easily,” he said. Then one day, four years later, in summer 2013, Mr. Mankiewicz, who had months before broken off his previous relationship, found himself on the street where Ms. Dang lived. He called her and they met for lunch. “Not to say we were boyfriend and girlfriend from that day forward, but I was definitely smitten,” he said. “I always wanted someone who could stand up on her own and stand up to me, someone who didn’t need me but wanted to be with me, and that was Tee. ” Mark Thompson, a Los Angeles newscaster who has known Mr. Mankiewicz since childhood, said his friend has been with some women in the past who were “into drama. ” “She is the opposite,” Mr. Thompson said. “She is not looking to litigate every cup of espresso. ” Despite their age difference (“She’ll say, ‘I remember when this song came out, I was in the seventh grade,’” he said. “And I’ll say, ‘I was covering the Mondale campaign. ’”) they found compatibility in their professions. On “Dateline,” Mr. Mankiewicz speaks to people whose family members have been murdered. In her home health care business, Ms. Dang speaks to people who have often undergone devastating physical or mental losses. “We’re both in roles where we are talking to people who are dealing with sadness and trauma, and they need compassion and understanding,” she said. “Reaching people at an emotionally fragile time gives us something in common and helps us be sensitive to one another. ” Five weeks after they had begun dating again, real drama emerged in their relationship. Ms. Dang received a diagnosis of breast cancer and she subsequently had a double mastectomy. Mr. Mankiewicz insisted she recuperate in his   Beverly Hills condominium (ultimately she would have eight operations) in spite of her protestations that she could stay at her own place and simply lie on her couch, have the pharmacy deliver medicine and order takeout food. “She comes off as 10 feet tall and bulletproof,” Mr. Mankiewicz said. “But she needed my help, and I wanted to help her. This told me things about myself and my relationship to her, namely that I was in love with her in a way I hadn’t realized. ” The operations forced Ms. Dang to acknowledge her vulnerabilities. “I was crying  —   this is hard,” she said. “I wasn’t expecting this to happen to me at 39. ” And the recovery experience left her exposed to Mr. Mankiewicz in a way she hadn’t planned. “I couldn’t be Superwoman hear me roar,” she said. “I hadn’t showered in days. My hair was a mess and I had tubes coming out of my body. ” After she recovered, she moved back to her Santa Monica apartment, but this time he was not letting go, and she felt safe. “I could tell him anything, and he wouldn’t judge me,” she said. “He can see through me like a pane of glass and read me better than anybody else. ” The couple could hardly have come from more different backgrounds. Mr. Mankiewicz’s grandfather, the screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz, shared an Academy Award for writing “Citizen Kane. ” His father, Frank Mankiewicz, was press secretary for Senator Robert F. Kennedy, presidential campaign manager for George McGovern and president of National Public Radio. “I grew up with this   seat to national politics,” Mr. Mankiewicz said. “Every conversation with my dad was like opening a history book. I met Robert Kennedy a few times. George Cukor sat at our dinner table. I watched a lot of TV news, and Vietnam played out in my living room. I was interested in being a news reporter since I was 10 years old. ” By contrast, when bombs were falling on Saigon in 1975 and Ms. Dang was 1½ years old, her mother, then eight months pregnant with Ms. Dang’s brother, escaped to Guam by boat. The family, later joined by Ms. Dang’s father, Khoi Van Dang, who was disabled when Ms. Dang was 13, settled in Orange County, Calif. where they became naturalized citizens. “My family did not allow me to watch TV during the week unless it was something on PBS and probably about an elephant,” Ms. Dang said. She was a shy, motivated student. By sixth grade she was reading at a   level. “It was easy for me to go into my room, spend the day there reading and come out at 6 at night,” she said. Mr. Mankiewicz takes their cultural differences in stride. “My dad is from a successful Jewish family, and my mom, who had been raised a Mormon, was the first member of her family to attend college,” he said. “The lesson my parents gave me was: You don’t have to have a lot in common with someone to love them. ” From her perspective, Ms. Dang believes the Vietnamese culture can be tough on daughters. “Subconsciously it is ingrained that you need to take care of your guy,” she said. “Josh likes it that, for lack of a better word, I am not subservient. ” Joey Dang, Ms. Dang’s brother, saw another, possibly more lighthearted connection: They both love clothes and fashion. “Tee used to take pictures of her shoes and put them on the outside of the boxes,” Mr. Dang said. “As soon as I saw his closet, I thought, This is a man who gets my sister. ” (Mr. Mankiewicz’s closet is color coordinated, with his jackets evenly spaced.) After one year of steady dating, Mr. Mankiewicz was not making a move toward the altar. His father, who met Ms. Dang on his 90th birthday in 2014, told his son he should marry her. But his son balked: He wasn’t interested in having children. He was afraid if he was a part of someone else, he wouldn’t be himself anymore. And, he joked, “Dateline” was not the biggest commercial for matrimony. The next year, Mr. Mankiewicz changed his mind about staying single, perhaps, as his brother Ben Mankiewicz, a host of Turner Classic Movies, suggested, because four events converged: Ben had a child their father died their aging mother had moved to Los Angeles and his big brother had met the right woman. “It’s a testament to his emotional maturity that it was O. K. to change his life at 60,” Ben Mankiewicz said. “It took courage. It’s hokey to say, but I’m proud of him. ” Their mother, Holly Howell, said: “All I could say to myself was, it’s about time. He was seeing her a lot and I thought, if he doesn’t hurry up, she’d say to hell with it. ” In November 2015, at the restaurant where they’d had their first date, Mr. Mankiewicz proposed to Ms. Dang. “She gasped like someone in the movies I grew up watching,” he said. “We made a champagne toast and took a picture and then we sat there silently texting. ” The wedding was set for what would have been the 92nd birthday of Mr. Mankiewicz’s father. Eight weeks before, after the last of her operations, Ms. Dang moved in to Mr. Mankiewicz’s condominium. He lamented having to give away 220 of his shirts to make room for her clothes in his closet. On May 16, they were married before a small gathering of family and friends on the deck of the home of Mr. Thompson, the newscaster who became a Universal Life minister to officiate. “Sometimes the path to love is slow, sometimes  —   courtesy of T. S. A.  —   it is excruciatingly slow,” Mr. Mankiewicz said. “But I suppose we should thank them. It gave us time to have that first talk. ” His mother delighted in the two families’ newfound connection. “He finally came to his senses,” Ms. Howell said. “I mean it. You have to work really hard not to like her. There’s not an ounce of snobbishness in her. She doesn’t think she’s a big shot. She has views of her own. ” Ms. Dang’s mother, Ahn Thi Le, was sold on her new    at hello. “I’m a Buddhist my house is a Buddhist temple,” she said. “The first time he came to visit me, he said, ‘Thank you for creating your daughter.’ He touched my heart right away. For her, I thought, you don’t have to find another person. You found him. Eureka!”",0
9156,Ivanka Trump to End Fine Jewelry Line in Favor of Mass-Market One - The New York Times,"Over the last few weeks, it seemed like Neiman Marcus could not make up its mind about whether to sell Ivanka Trump’s fine jewelry. The brand’s baubles disappeared, reappeared and then disappeared again from the department store’s website. But now, Neiman Marcus won’t have much of a choice. Ms. Trump’s brand has discontinued its line of   bracelets, necklaces and rings, the company confirmed on Monday. Instead, it will focus on more affordable fashion jewelry, according to Abigail Klem, the president of Ms. Trump’s brand. In a statement, Ms. Klem attributed the decision to the company’s “commitment to offering   products at accessible price points. ” She did not mention Neiman Marcus, or any of the other retailers that had recently backed away from carrying Ms. Trump’s increasingly politicized products. The decision to discontinue Ms. Trump’s fine jewelry line was reported on Friday by Vanity Fair. Ms. Trump’s shoes, handbags and clothing lines have become targets for both supporters and detractors of her father, President Trump, in his political rise to the White House. Many shoppers have rallied behind Grab Your Wallet, a largely   movement to boycott companies associated with the Trump name. Some companies, like Nordstrom and T. J. Maxx, have pulled back from promoting Ms. Trump’s brand. After the Nordstrom decision, Mr. Trump and one of his top advisers, Kellyanne Conway, spoke out in support of the brand. By some indications, sales of Ms. Trump’s products took off since those comments. “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff is what I would say,” Ms. Conway said last month during an interview on Fox News. “I’m going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody you can find it online. ” Representatives for Ms. Trump have said that overall sales of her products increased 21 percent in 2016 compared with 2015. In a statement, Ms. Klem said that February this year saw some of the “best performing weeks in the history of the brand. ” Ms. Trump licenses her name to various partners who manufacture her products. The largest share of her revenue comes from sales of her clothing, followed by shoes and handbags. Fine jewelry has always made up a small percentage of her overall business, according to company documents and interviews with former employees. Jewelry, however, was Ms. Trump’s first major foray into licensing her name. She partnered with Moshe Lax, a New   diamond wholesaler, who helped Ms. Trump open a retail location on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in 2007. In 2011, her boutique moved to a sprawling store in the city’s SoHo neighborhood. That location, however, was ultimately not profitable enough to stay open and closed in 2015. More recently, Ms. Trump’s fine jewelry has been sold out of a kiosk in the lobby of Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan. In the fall, Lord  Taylor began selling Ms. Trump’s fashion jewelry, which is the product of a new licensing partnership, according to a spokeswoman for the brand. Unlike her   fine jewelry, items in the fashion jewelry line are aimed at a   audience, with many items priced at under $100. The company projected to make about $300, 000 in royalty fees in 2016, according to company documents from 2014 that were obtained by The New York Times. Sales were expected to reach about $7. 5 million last year. Ms. Trump’s fine jewelry line consisted of diamond bracelets, rings and necklaces that sold for several thousand dollars apiece, like the $10, 800 bangle she wore on CBS’s “60 Minutes” shortly after her father won the presidential election. When journalists received a “style alert” from Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry promoting the item, critics pounced on Ms. Trump, accusing her of using her proximity to the White House to promote her brand. Ms. Klem blamed a “  marketing employee” for the mishap, saying that the company was still figuring out how to move forward appropriately postelection. Ms. Trump still maintains a financial interest in her namesake brand. But since the election, she has taken steps to distance herself from her business interests. Ms. Trump has stepped away from leadership positions at both her brand and at the Trump Organization, where she served as an executive vice president for development and acquisitions along with her two brothers, Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. who remain at the company. Ms. Klem was put in charge of the Ivanka Trump company. In addition, Ms. Trump separated her personal and business social media accounts.",0
9157,Media Blackout as Millions of Muslims March against ISIS and Umayyad Islam in Iraq for Arbaeen Rituals,"The Iraqi city of Karbala, where the holy shrine of the third Shia Imam -Imam Hussein- is located, is swarming with millions of devoted Muslims, both Shiites and Sunnis, for mourning rituals marking Arbaeen, known as the largest religious gathering in the world. 15 Shares
14 0 0 1
Given the mainstream media’s constant sensationalized reporting on terror and Muslims in the Western world, the utter lack of coverage of Arbaeen’s march on Sunday and Monday revealed the double standard that exists in reporting on peaceful Muslims.
Monday marked the final day of the mourning for Imam Hussein who was martyred in a battle with the massive army of Yazid after refusing allegiance to the tyrant caliph. Yazid the caliph of Umayyad dynasty was promoting the same type of Islam as ISIS and Wahhabist preach today.
Millions of marchers participated in the annual Arbaeen Procession in Karbala. The marchers are said to come from over 60 countries, and most of them have marched all the way to Karbala from other Iraqi cities like Najaf and Baghdad in a show of devotion. Each year, Sunni Muslims and followers of other religious groups such as Christians join the journey to mourn the martyrdom of Imam Hussein.
Arbaeen, or mourning, is a Shia Muslim tradition to mark the anniversary of seventh-century social justice leader Imam Husain. Arbaeen is commemorated 40 days after Ashura, the martyrdom anniversary of Imam Hussein (AS) and his companions in 680 AD. However, in light of ISIS terror attacks globally, several people took the controversial step of turning their march political in order to denounce terror in all forms.
Tens of thousands of Muslims have been killed and displaced by ISIS’s declared caliphate, an exponentially larger number than those killed in attacks in the West.
MORE... The Walk Of Light – Arbaeen Pilgrimage Rises a Great Resistance against Radicalism Messenger 40 – Muslims Develop Technology to Promote Religious Unity against Radicalism Why Muslims Hold the Biggest Human Gathering under the Threat of ISIS in Iraq? The 10th Day’s new campaign – community-building and social solidarity The occasion has found additional significance in recent years as it has become a rallying cry for the campaign against ISIS terrorists who have frequently targeted the pilgrims.
Iraqi troops have been deployed to ensure security for the pilgrims. The northern and western parts of Iraq have been plagued by gruesome violence ever since ISIS terrorists began a campaign of terror in the country in June 2014.
The terrorist campaign, however, has not dissuaded pilgrims from around the world from making the journey.
It is noteworthy to mention the mainstream media blackout of the millions people marched gathering in war torn Iraq, battling the ISIS, as a clear sign of biased reporting.",0
9158,The All New PR Mindset · Guardian Liberty Voice,"As everyone embraces the power of publicity, industry leader Annie Jennings, founder of the National Firm, Annie Jennings PR, shares the new way to think of publicity and avoid the many pitfalls that stand in your way. With so many people selling services without a track record of success for their clients, you have to protect yourself and ask the right questions.
What is in it for me? 
This is the first question you should be asking about your publicity strategy. In addition, the first of a new, three-headed PR mindset for success. The other two, understanding the power of being socially relevant and thinking of your media bookings as assets to be leveraged over the long haul, come into play as you start building your ascent to the top.
To be sure, you are aligned with the right approach to your publicity that will elevate your credibility, exposure, and business; you must ask, “What’s in it for me?” This question is designed to make sure you are buying deliverables. This means secured PR media placements that actually occur and are designed to propel your personal and business growth forward. Asking this question makes sure you are working with a publicist who specializes in your particular growth area and can answer the question as it pertains to your goals.
This one piece of advice is precious. Asking this question will help you avoid wasting your money and instead leads to you investing your money in a targeted media strategy with specific outcomes in mind that serve to advance your level of achievement and standing in your industry. When you simply spend your marketing money without a plan that supports outcomes, once you buy the service, the money is gone.
However, when you know “what’s in it for you” and invest accordingly, you can expect to get a return on your investment. Now this is how a great PR firm works. They are always asking the question “what is in it for my client?”
It’s go time 
Once you have your PR strategy in place, it’s time to go after the media placements. It is time to decide how you, your message, your book and/or area of expertise relates to society today.
Many people will try to force a topic through to the media. This is a mistake. It is so much better to go with the media flow (that is, the issues of the day) than try to push a concept or conversation that has no social relevance at the time. 
Define what it is you want to say and understand where you fit into the national conversation on topics within your areas of expertise. When you can address an issue people are talking about right now and are qualified to discuss it, the bookers can say YES to you.
That is what we call the triple win. The show keeps its listeners or viewers glued to the program, the audience is fascinated and the guest (YOU) is very happy as you got a chance to share your message, promote yourself and live your book out loud. You also get a strong media asset that you can leverage into more opportunity.
Collecting assets 
Accumulating these bookings as assets allows you to keep them working for you for years to come, giving you a competitive edge. The final part of the all new PR strategy for success focuses on incorporating the big brand names into your marketing outreach.
Consultants, speakers, and authors have said that major national media is a critical component in a greater business and marketing strategy. It enhances growth and allows you to realize a potential that in many cases, you would not have been able to reach without that publicity. Becoming a regular contributor to a highly respected news outlet, for example. On the other hand, perhaps being the consultant hired for big money contracts with prestigious organizations that enhance your image. With this scaled up reputation, you may be able to name your price when it comes to speaking engagements. What happens in the all new PR mindset, is that over time, you become the prize. You are now the one being pursued.
No miracle outcomes 
This is why investing in publicity assets offers a tremendous advantage over just plunking down money on any old publicity plan hoping for a miracle outcome. There are no miracle outcomes. There is just a careful planning of a PR strategy that is implemented accordingly. The plan should be specifically designed for your intended objectives. What do you want to achieve? Do you want to be regular or do you want to be great? Do you want to be the envy of your industry and call the shots? It is all possible. Consistency over time following a PR strategy that has been tailored to your goals and dreams is the secret.
Optimal success is the result of an investment in yourself and again, not just careless spending with no advance knowledge of the outcome. That is why you always have to ask, “What’s in it for me?”
Written by Annie Jennings
(Edited by Cherese Jackson) 
Source:
Annie Jennings PR : Ever Wonder How The Big Experts Think About Publicity?
Photo Credits:
Featured Image Courtesy of Niuton may – Flickr License
Top and Inline Images Courtesy of Annie Jennings
Annie Jennings, founder of the National Publicity Firm Annie Jennings PR , has innovated industry concepts for more than 20 years as the media has rapidly evolved. Annie has been a contributing commentator in the national media including Fast Company, Inc., Entrepreneur, US Weekly, TheStreet.com and been an invited speaker to NYU’s publishing program, The Harvard Club, the American Society of Journalists and Authors and hundreds more.    brand , Marketing , media , PR , public relations",0
9159,"Olympic Legend Michael Phelps Was Married When He Took Rio by Storm, and the World Had No Idea","Share on Twitter 
Michael Phelps left the Rio Olympics on a high note. He was retiring on his own terms at the pinnacle of a record-shattering career in the pool. He had his new son Boomer — born this past May — and his fiancee, Nicole Johnson , was busy planning their wedding. 
She told Cosmopolitan in late August that, because of the Olympics, she was taking on all of the wedding planning: 
""I took on everything, obviously, because he had to focus on going to the games. And now I'm like, 'What do you think about this and what do you think about that?' I know Michael well enough to know he doesn't need to partake in the tiny, minuscule decisions. 
But I also know him well enough to know that he does want to be involved in what flavor our cake is going to be and what flowers he thinks are ugly and what flowers he thinks are really pretty."" 
But TMZ is now saying that it was all a ruse — that Johnson was talking a good game about plans for a wedding that had already happened in secret. 
According to TMZ's report, Phelps and Johnson actually tied the knot in Arizona on June 13th , after obtaining a marriage license just a few days prior. 
Johnson posted a rather unassuming photo that day: A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Jun 13, 2016 at 10:43pm PDT 
Despite that, as recently as four weeks ago, Phelps was still playing along: A photo posted by Michael Phelps (@m_phelps00) on Aug 28, 2016 at 11:28pm PDT 
And two weeks ago, Johnson was posting about bridal gown choices: A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Oct 7, 2016 at 5:27pm PDT A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Oct 8, 2016 at 1:02pm PDT 
And looking back, Johnson may have foreshadowed a little something in recent interviews. She told “ Access Hollywood ” that the wedding was “taken care of,” though it seems they may still be planning a post-wedding celebration for family and friends: 
“It'll be small and intimate for the wedding, and then we're throwing a massive bash for everyone.” 
And in her Cosmopolitan interview , when asked if she thought she'd ever collaborate with Phelps on a professional level, she responded: 
“I would love to. Possibly hosting or reporting of some kind. But right now my main priority is being a wife to Michael and Boomer's mom.” 
The assumption at the time was that she meant “being a wife” in the near future, but it could have just been a slip of the tongue. ",0
9160,How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left - The New York Times,"Hours before the start of the Women’s March on Washington on Jan. 21, every Metro car leading to the National Mall was packed so tight that it could take on no more riders. At station after station, the train doors would open, and the passengers would look out on throngs of fellow protesters  —   women, men, children, babies, the occasional dog  —   waiting on the platform. As people emerged from underground into the morning air, it was hard to tell where to go, so they found their way by gauging the human density, moving until they reached a spot so full of people that they could no longer move at all. There was an enormous rally happening somewhere in there  —   activists and celebrities speaking into microphones  —   but much of the crowd couldn’t see or hear anything except rumbling waves of cheers. By the time they were meant to march, the crowd was so large that it already stretched across the entire route, from the rally site near the Capitol to the Ellipse near the White House. The signs they carried spoke to any number of issues: immigration, abortion, race, the environment, inequality, the new president. REFUGEES WELCOME, KEEP YOUR LAWS OUT OF MY VAGINA, BLACK LIVES MATTER, SCIENCE IS REAL, FLINT NEEDS CLEAN WATER, NOBODY LIKES YOU. The handmade pink “pussyhats” that many marchers wore  —   a reference to Donald Trump’s    boasts about grabbing unsuspecting women by the genitals  —   had been sneered at in the days before the march. They were called corny, girlie, a waste of time. Seen from above, though, on thousands of marchers, their wave of color created a powerful image. It was, somewhat unexpectedly, one of the largest mass demonstrations in American history. Millions of protesters  —   estimates range from three to five million  —   took to the streets of Washington, Los Angeles, New York, Palm Beach, Fla. Boise, Idaho, even Fargo, N. D. Sister demonstrations were held in Thailand, in Malawi, in Antarctica. The energy of almost every group alarmed or incensed by Trump’s election seemed to have poured into a single demonstration. That it happened on the day after his inauguration was not surprising. What was striking was that all these people had come together under the auspices of a march for women. Just two months earlier, the left did not appear to be a unified front. The polls had barely closed before the infighting began. Some blamed Hillary Clinton for ignoring Wisconsin, or the Democratic National Committee for boxing other candidates out of the primary field. Some blamed identity politics, which made   white voters “feel excluded,” according to Prof. Mark Lilla of Columbia. Others blamed white people, particularly the coastal ones who couldn’t get their heartland relatives on their side. But a crew of   angry women was still aiming its ire at Trump. In the hours after his victory on Nov. 8, Teresa Shook, a retired lawyer in Hawaii, posted to Facebook, suggesting a march on Washington. Some women on the East Coast had the same idea. At first, these suggestions were so impulsive that they seemed almost metaphorical. But within days, tens of thousands of women had pledged to join in. Over the course of two months, the idea became something far bigger than initially imagined. Eventually, an entire organizing team would have permits,   fleets of buses, portable toilets, celebrity sponsors and support from Gloria Steinem. Men meekly asked their female family members and Twitter followers: “Are we allowed to join?” By the middle of January, with the event shaping up to be the   demonstration, the New York magazine writer Jonathan Chait worried that “Women’s March” was too niche an organizing principle  —   it was a “bad name,” he tweeted, a divisive “brand. ” The opposite turned out to be true: Women led the resistance, and everyone followed. A march for women managed to crowd a broad opposition force onto its platform. In the weeks since the march, that energy has only spread. After Trump’s executive order halting travel from seven   countries, the march’s striking proof of concept  —   hit the streets, and a surprising number of others will join you  —   fueled more spontaneous actions in unexpected places: outside courthouses, Trump hotels, airport terminals, the offices of Senator Mitch McConnell. At each protest, you were likely to see a few pink cat ears poking out of the crowd, a reminder of the opposition’s first gathering. It seems unlikely that any other kind of march would have turned out quite this way. In this moment, it happened that “women” was the one tent large enough to contain almost every major strain of protest against Trump. Those who know their feminist history might see a paradox here. The women’s movement has not always been a site for unity. It has been marked just as deeply by its fractures, failures and tensions. But more than a century of internal turmoil has also forced the movement to reckon with its divisions. Now, the question is whether it can bring even more Americans into the fold. Clinton’s loss on Nov. 8 was a pivotal,   moment in the course of the American women’s movement. In an evening, the   first female president was shoved to the side by what a sizable chunk of the nation saw as that classic historical figure: the male chauvinist pig. In parts of the popular imagination, it wasn’t just a loss for Clinton or for the Democratic Party. It was a repudiation of feminism itself. But Clinton has always been a wary avatar of feminism. In 2008, she didn’t run for president as a “women’s candidate” if anything, she campaigned with her sex in the closet and the strategist Mark Penn advising her to harden her image into an American Iron Lady. “They do not want someone who would be the first mama,” he wrote in one memo. Years later, HBO’s “Veep” would satirize that posture through its own fictional politician. “I can’t identify myself as a woman!” she tells her staff. “People can’t know that. Men hate that. And women who hate women hate that, which I believe is most women. ” In the eight years between Clinton’s first and second presidential campaigns, though, something shifted: Feminism became fashionable. By the start of the Obama era, incisive women’s blogs like Jezebel and Feministing had already hit the web and started throwing popcorn at the big screen of American culture, covering the same topics that women’s magazines did  —   fashion, movies, sex  —   but taking on the women’s magazines too. By Obama’s second term, this model had thrived and multiplied so many times over that even a   of the sports website Bleacher Report started his own women’s site, Bustle. Soon enough, no corner of culture was safe from a feminist critique, from Christmas songs to “manspreading. ” Pop stars  —   people like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift  —   were asked if they were feminists, and if they shied away from the label, outrage would greet them online. Feminism became increasingly popular, but in a very specific way  —   one attuned to the concerns of people with office jobs and time to spend online. The feminist priorities of this new media landscape tended to involve topics that   women would experience firsthand: reproductive rights, catcalling, campus rape, professional opportunity,   representation. The writers setting its tone tended to be young women who were asked to produce large amounts of clickable copy, for not much money, in very little time, exploring feminist issues not through   reporting but through “takes” on the women already making news: the   balance of Yahoo’s chief executive, Marissa Mayer the pay gap between Jennifer Lawrence and her male  . Some content chased sexist slights down to the most passing personal concerns, like an item from The Huffington Post that sighed: “There is no proper way for a woman to cut her hair, let alone do anything right in this world. ” It’s not that women’s activist groups vanished or political organizing stalled. But it did become possible for an American woman to cultivate a relationship to feminism that was primarily consumerist: There were feminist TV shows to watch, feminist celebrities to follow, feminist clothes to buy. Unlike many other major social movements, women’s liberation dovetails neatly with an important advertising demographic, a lesson capitalism absorbed more than a century ago. In 1908, the advertiser J. Walter Thompson hired suffragists to address the growing women’s market. Over the next decades, the industry would slip women’s rights messaging into ad copy. Old Dutch Cleanser offered “freedom from household drudgery” Shredded Wheat promised a “declaration of independence” from cooking. These days, even our bath products have achieved empowerment. Ads for Secret deodorant nudge us to ask for a raise, and those for Always prompt us to challenge stereotypes about girls. Dove wants us to feel beautiful at any size. It’s telling which strand of feminism these brands have deemed marketable: the one that doubles as  . This is a vision of feminism in which the primary thing that needs to change is a woman’s frame of mind. Something similar happened to the pop stars who once hesitated to call themselves feminists  —   they came around to feminism by redefining feminism around themselves. To Lady Gaga, feminism was about protecting “the integrity of women who are ambitious. ” Taylor Swift realized, she said, that she had “been taking a feminist stance without actually saying so. ” Feminism was being defined down to its most benign interpretation. It was less a political platform than a brand identity. In 2013, “Lean In,” by Sheryl Sandberg, raised this   subtext to the level of text. Sandberg called the book “sort of a feminist manifesto,” but it preached individual solutions to systemic problems, encouraging women to focus on “internal obstacles” and “dismantle the hurdles in ourselves. ” This feminist mode, where personal success becomes synonymous with social progress, can be plugged into any number of political orientations. The latest model for the   feminist brand is Ivanka Trump, who has built a lifestyle company under the hashtag #WomenWhoWork. A recent pitch neatly weds activist language with shoppable solutions: “We’re committed to solving problems. If we can’t find a solution, we’ll make it ourselves (case in point: the Soho Tote, the ultimate work bag). ” By the time the 2016 campaign rolled around, Clinton wasn’t just permitted to run as a feminist  —   she was practically obligated to. Her messaging shifted accordingly. Years of women’s debating the right way to be a feminist had the side effect of forcing the first female   candidate to the left. In 2008, she argued that she wanted abortion to be “safe, legal and rare  —   and by rare I mean rare. ” In last year’s debates, she stopped qualifying her support. “I will defend Planned Parenthood,” she said in one. “I will defend Roe v. Wade, and I will defend women’s rights to make their own health care decisions. ” Meanwhile, her campaign mimicked the aesthetics of the   feminist mode. The candidate affirmed her feminism in a video interview with Lena Dunham, posed in a Kim Kardashian selfie and made a cameo on “Broad City. ” Her campaign posted a   listicle informing Latinos that Clinton was “just like your abuela. ” (With the Twitter hashtag #NotMyAbuela, those voters begged to differ.) Her site sold embroidered pillows that said “A Woman’s Place Is in the White House” and a   with a big “YAAAS, HILLARY!” printed over her senior portrait from high school. After Trump accused her of playing “the woman’s card,” her campaign introduced a free   “Official Hillary for America Woman Card” that drove more than $2 million in donations within days. One young woman earnestly prodded her at an Iowa campaign event: “If you could choose, would you rather be the president or Beyoncé?” Pop feminism, having been washed of its political urgency, was now being integrated back into politics at the highest level. The candidate who once shrank from feminism was positioning herself as an icon of the movement. Her image became closely aligned with two metaphors  —   the pantsuit and the glass ceiling  —   that speak to a particular kind of woman: a corporate careerist at the top of her field. A “secret” Facebook group, Pantsuit Nation, popped up to encourage Clinton supporters to wear pantsuits to the polls. When she clinched the Democratic nomination for president last June  —   the one she would formally accept the following month, dressed in suffragist white  —   Clinton called back to the Seneca Falls convention of 1848, where “a small but determined group of women, and men, came together with the idea that women deserved equal rights. ” The feminist project started there, she implied  —   and she was going to finish it. When Clinton lost, pop feminism suffered a crisis. As everyone pored over exit polls, some of the   fractures between different groups of women exploded into view.   percent of black women voted for Clinton, but 53 percent of white women voted for Trump, perhaps more likely to see themselves in his vision of the world than in the pop feminism that fed Clinton’s campaign. Despite Trump’s palpable, eminently bloggable disrespect for women  —   and that infamous tape  —   he had successfully courted a faction of female voters. His win suggested that Americans were more comfortable with misogyny than many had thought, but it also burst the bubble of cheery pop feminism, which had achieved its huge popularity at the expense of class consciousness and racial solidarity. In some places, you could watch the mood turn in a matter of days. The Pantsuit Nation Facebook group ceased its celebrations and became a site for sharing stories of pain and resilience. But when the group’s founder, a Maine educator named Libby Chamberlain, announced a plan to channel the power of the group in real life, it wasn’t exactly a call to activism  —   it was a   book. “You are a force, Pantsuit Nation,” she wrote. “Let’s see if we can harness that force within the pages of a book and see it on night stands and coffee tables all around the world. ” The idea brought on a revolt. “The N. R. A. with its five million members has a stranglehold on Congress,” one commenter wrote. “Pantsuit Nation has four million members and decides its main mission is ‘storytelling’ and now, selling books. What a colossal waste. ” But for some outside observers, this was a productive comeuppance. Rhon   an associate professor of Africana studies at Williams College in Massachusetts, published “An Open Letter to White Liberal Feminists,” on the website Black Perspectives, expressing her disappointment that it had taken Donald Trump to shake them into her reality. “I am delighted that you have received the potential awakening of a lifetime, and that now you might actually get what so many of us have been describing all along,” she wrote. “Welcome to that deep perpetual angst. Embrace it, and allow it to motivate you to a deeper form of action. ” In those same November weeks, the nascent    project was navigating its own identity crisis. Some of the early organizers had    jobs  —   pastry chef, yoga instructor. One of the women, Bob Bland, a fashion designer, had amassed a small online following by designing “NASTY WOMAN” and “BAD HOMBRE”   and selling them online. “I had this whole network of ‘nasty women’ and ‘bad hombres,’’u2009” she told me. “After the election, they were looking to me like, ‘What are we going to do next? ’’u2009” Disparate organizers convened around a Facebook event announcing a Million Women March. There was one major problem with this: In 1997, activists organized a Million Woman March in Philadelphia to address the particular concerns of black women. When this new march on Washington unwittingly chose a very similar name, it crystallized the idea that the nascent movement was being run by a handful of white women with no organizing history. Comments began pouring in from all sides. The organizers had stumbled into a conflict that has dogged women’s organizing from the very beginning: Of all the tensions that have coursed through the women’s movement, none has ever been quite so pronounced as the one between white and black women. Consider what happened when Sojourner Truth showed up at a women’s rights convention in Ohio in 1851. Frances Gage, the woman running the show, recalled the scene 12 years later: “The leaders of the movement trembled on seeing a tall, gaunt black woman in a gray dress and white turban, surmounted with an uncouth sunbonnet, march deliberately into the church, walk with the air of a queen up the aisle and take her seat upon the pulpit steps. ” A “buzz of disapprobation” spread through the church. White women in attendance complained that a black woman’s testimony would distract from the convention’s focus. “Don’t let her speak, Mrs. Gage  —   it will ruin us,” one said. “Every newspaper in the land will have our cause mixed up with abolition and niggers, and we shall be utterly denounced. ” Throughout the convention, men arrived to speak out against women’s suffrage. Women, they said, were too weak and helpless to be trusted with the power of the vote. Because “there were very few women in those days who dared to ‘speak in meeting,’’u2009” as Gage put it, their points went unchallenged until Truth stepped forward. White women hissed, but Truth’s very identity nullified the arguments coming from both men and women in attendance. “That man over there says that women need to be helped into carriages, and lifted over ditches, and to have the best place everywhere,” she said. “Nobody ever helps me into carriages, or over mud puddles, or gives me any best place. And ain’t I a woman? Look at me! Look at my arm!” She rolled up her sleeve to the shoulder. “I have plowed and planted, and gathered into barns, and no man could head me. And ain’t I a woman?” In that moment, Truth shattered an idea of white femininity that had been used to both underpin and undermine the cause of suffrage. As a slave, she had worked in the fields like a man as a free black woman, she could not rely on the offerings of white male gentility. Gage wrote that Truth’s testimony compelled the white women in attendance to embrace her “with streaming eyes, and hearts beating with gratitude. ” But two years later, Truth still drew jeers from white crowds when she attended women’s meetings. A vision of whiteness was ingrained in the leaders and the arguments of the mainstream movement. Even the suffragists’ signature white clothes were deliberately chosen to signal purity. This ideal of feminine virtue did not extend to black women, or   ones. Some suffragists made their racism and classism explicit. In 1894, a white woman at a meeting of the Brooklyn Woman Suffrage Association complained that New York had become an “asylum for the trash of all nations,” arguing that women’s suffrage ought to be restricted. “Think what it means to give it to all women,” she said. “Our criminal and pauper men have wives there are thousands of female operatives in tobacco factories and similar fields of labor there are probably two million Negro women in this country who are but little uplifted above the plane of animals. ” One curious point of this history is that so many suffragists came from the antislavery movement. Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, whose partnership would come to define the suffrage movement in the United States, started their activist careers as abolitionists. But after the Civil War, as black men and all women agitated for the right to vote, a political battle broke out over who would be enfranchised first. (Either way, black women would be last.) In 1865, Stanton lamented having to “stand aside to see ‘Sambo’ walk into the kingdom first,” as she put it in The National   Standard. Over time, these racial contours would harden into lasting institutions. When women’s social clubs spread across the United States at the turn of the century, two models emerged.   clubs leveraged   women’s leisure time to campaign for social reforms. Black women, who largely worked outside the home, came together around urgent needs. One of the first actions of the black Chicago Women’s Club was to raise money to prosecute a police officer who killed a black man. The main distinction between clubs, the black activist Fannie Barrier Williams wrote, was that for black women, “it is not a fad. ” Black women distinguished themselves not only as suffragists but also as vocal critics of a movement that pushed one kind of justice aside in pursuit of another. In 1913, when thousands of suffragists marched on Washington to agitate for the vote, black women were instructed to march in the back. Ida B. Wells defied the order and marched with the delegation from Illinois, her home state. She wasn’t just protesting for her right to vote. She was protesting the protest too. This dynamic is not only a thing of distant history: In the thick of feminism’s second wave, women were often still divided along lines of identity. In 1967, as the   author Betty Friedan called the first meeting of the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women, she found herself at odds with a black activist and lawyer named Flo Kennedy, who pushed the women around her to make common cause with the antiwar and Black Power movements. Friedan and the meeting’s host  —   Muriel Fox, the   female executive at the world’s largest   agency  —   were not pleased. As Kennedy put it in her memoirs, they “went bonkers. ” Friedan’s 1963 book, “The Feminine Mystique,” had been an awakening for a class of white, married,   women, and she pictured herself as the leader of what she called a “mainstream” feminist movement. When women at one 1970 march offered her a lavender armband to wear in solidarity with a NOW member recently attacked for her bisexuality, Friedan dropped it on the ground, furious at the attempt to add gay rights to her program. Kennedy continually pushed in the opposite direction, trying to build bridges between feminist groups and other movements. At one point, Friedan admonished her to leave the feminist movement alone and “focus her attention on matters of Black Power. ” As the second wave matured, black women found themselves continually calling on it to consider a new approach, one that acknowledged the different needs of different women. As the black feminist and leftist Barbara Smith told the National Women’s Studies Association in 1979, any feminism that didn’t account for the specific concerns of black women, poor women, disabled women, lesbians and others was not really feminism  —   it was “merely female  . ” There has never been one women’s movement. It’s difficult, for example, to say that the American feminist project started in Seneca Falls, N. Y. in 1848, because black women were not invited to that convention. It’s hard to say that electing a woman as president would have been feminism’s crowning achievement, because the success of one woman does not naturally trickle down to all. The history of the women’s movement is one of warring factions and sharp  . But its 150 years of navigating internal disputes put it in a position to lead what seemed, at the end of last fall, like a highly divided left. “It’s embarrassing to me now to say it, but I didn’t know the term ‘intersectionality’ when we started,” Bob Bland, the Women’s March   told me. Now she deployed it often to emphasize the growing diversity of the march. She told various reporters that she had met women working “in so many different intersectionalities” and hoped to reach a “a wide intersectionality of people” in a march that reflected “all of the different intersections of human rights. ” That magic word comes from a 1989 paper by the legal scholar Kimberlé Crenshaw that was published in The University of Chicago Legal Forum. Crenshaw had studied cases in which black women sued their employers for what appeared to be “compound discrimination”  —   both racial and gender biases. But they were often told they lacked legal standing: Laws protected them from discrimination as   or as women, but not specifically as black women. Crenshaw used a traffic metaphor to describe the interlocking forms of oppression a person might face. Cars flowed through an intersection in all directions when an accident happened, it could be caused by cars from any number of sides, or even all sides. That metaphor would be plucked from Crenshaw’s paper and grow in resonance over the next two decades, until “intersectionality” became a rallying cry  —   the main point of rhetorical resistance against the tide of   feminist conversation. Even beneath the shiny surface of   pop feminism, dissenters took countless shots at its racial cluelessness, its lack of   its sometimes shallow concerns. Women of color convened on Twitter under hashtags like #SolidarityIsForWhiteWomen to detail their experiences of being sidelined in feminist conversations, and many on the left criticized the way a     feminism was becoming popular just as income inequality between women was ballooning. (It’s hard to “lean in” to a job cleaning hotel rooms.) In recent years, intersectionality even popped up in People. com, on Bustle and in a tweet from Clinton. Often the criticism that lies behind this word is brushed off, met with defensiveness, taken personally. (As the founder of Pantsuit Nation wrote to critics of her book deal: “This is not the place for divisiveness. ”) Women turn to feminism because they want to stand up and say something it can be jarring for them be told to sit down and listen to someone else. But the concept became a useful tool for the march on Washington, which set about the task of uniting feminism’s mainstream, popular arm and its dissenting factions  —   all in the space of two months. Soon after the suggestion to march raced across the web, Vanessa Wruble  —   a white producer and   of the media company OkayAfrica  —   made a pivotal intervention in its planning. “I thought the stakes were so high,” she told me. “It needed to be an inclusive movement, or it was going to be a total disaster. I felt that it could damage the country. ” At this critical moment, with the march quickly ballooning into something bigger than the initial organizers could handle on their own, Wruble reached out and urged them to drop the name Million Women March. Then she linked them up with her network, and soon three seasoned activists  —   Carmen Perez, Linda Sarsour and Tamika Mallory  —   got on board. These women hadn’t necessarily supported Clinton, and they didn’t necessarily identify as feminists. But they had experience organizing in communities of color and saw the march as an opportunity to reach a large new audience. When Sarsour got the call, she had just posted a comment on the march’s Facebook page: “Can you include Muslim women and Muslim communities in the list?” The three women  —   one Chicana Latina, one   one black  —   met through their involvement in Justice League NYC, a   initiative. In 2015, they organized a   march from New York to Washington, ending in a rally at the Capitol that drew a small crowd. Now hundreds of thousands of women whose previous interest in justice may have been abstract at best were turning to them for leadership. The question, Perez told me, was “How do we get them to understand that their liberation is bound with ours?” Meanwhile, the three had some catching up to do with the mainstream feminist perspective. “I don’t have a lot of what I would consider to be deep, transformative relationships with white women,” Sarsour told me. “I’ve been learning a lot,” she said, and working toward becoming “more comfortable around this movement of feminism that I always felt didn’t particularly include Muslim women. ” The organizers appeared on the   radio morning show “The Breakfast Club” and loaded their Instagram page with black feminist heroes. But they also posed for windswept photos in Vogue, and some dropped by the Wing, a private Manhattan women’s club with a $2, 250 annual membership fee. Their rally put Angela Davis on the same stage as Scarlett Johansson. When I called Kimberlé Crenshaw in January, she had just returned home to Los Angeles from the march on Washington, where she walked with a group of women from the African American Policy Forum. Her group was so far back in the crowd that they couldn’t hear the rally, and “I’m kind of glad about it,” she told me. “We were in this sea of humanity. ” Wading through the crowd, she said, “I saw all the different issues and people that had found their way under the banner of the Women’s March. It was the embodiment of the intersectional sensibilities that a lot of us have been working on for a very long time. ” The women’s movement’s tendency toward a singular perspective is “not an exceptional problem for feminism,” Crenshaw told me. “Patriarchy works in such a way that these critiques never even surface in a lot of movements led by men. This conversation isn’t always happening in other spaces. And if the conversation leads to more robust ways of thinking about women, feminism and social justice, it can be a very good thing. ” “The   question is: Can these feminisms live together under an   banner?” Crenshaw said. “It happened for 24 hours all across the world. ” When I made my way back to my hotel after the march, the cheers of the crowd fading into the distance, I opened my laptop and saw a different version of what I had just seen in person. Now it was all filtered through my own   bubble  —   that of a   white woman who lives in Brooklyn. Facebook’s trending topics, tailored to fulfill each user’s particular online habits, served me up a   version of the day’s events. It pointed me toward the speeches of Scarlett Johansson and Madonna, and nobody else. As scenes of the march traveled through the media and across the web, the story spun out in even more directions. Twitter lit up with notes of internal dissent and snapshots of signs from the march: DON’T FORGET: WHITE WOMEN VOTED FOR TRUMP and BLACK WOMEN TRIED TO SAVE Y’ALL and I’LL SEE YOU NICE WHITE LADIES AT THE NEXT #BLACKLIVESMATTER MARCH, RIGHT? But for the moment, at least, Trump appears to be the great uniter. In the days and weeks since the march, its energy spilled into spontaneous actions across the country, with protesters coming together on behalf of Muslims and immigrants. Donations poured into Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union. Congressional switchboards were inundated with calls. When The Washington Post polled Americans   it registered a huge shift in energy among Democrats, especially Democratic women, 40 percent of whom said they planned to get more involved in activism. But liberals are not the only ones drawing inspiration from the protests. Flip to Fox News, click around conservative blogs or browse   Twitter, and you can watch the demonstrations fuel a different kind of opposition narrative. After the march, Fox News set clips of rally speeches to foreboding music. Breitbart published photos with the headline “See what a massive, Hillary shaped bullet America just dodged?” The   Media Research Center aggregated the most “vile and ridiculous signs. ” Twitter exploded with   attacks on Linda Sarsour, who was called a “terrorist” who “loves ISIS. ” When the annual March for Life hit the Mall to demonstrate against abortion rights, The Blaze called it “the real women’s march. ” (The Women’s March did, at one point, remove the name of an   group from its list of partners, after an uproar.) According to Public Policy Polling, 48 percent of Trump voters think the protesters who convened at airports to protest the travel ban were paid by George Soros. Trump tweeted recently: “Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” In the first weeks of the Trump administration, the factions that split over his election are deepening along the same lines. Each side seems oddly confident in its political position. Trump supporters call themselves “the silent majority,” while his critics identify as the “popular vote. ” When I called Eleanor Smeal, a   of the Feminist Majority Foundation, and asked her whether the organization had any plans to reach out to the 53 percent of white women who voted for Trump, her response was to question the margin of error in the polls. “We don’t really know if we lost the majority or not, and I believe that we did not,” she told me. “I think they’re with us. ” For now, the factions of the left seem to have found an accord. But to regain any power in Washington, they will need to sway the center too  —   including some of those women who voted for Trump. The white women of the left, many of whom are just now finding their footing as activists, have been eager to dissociate from that group. Mention the 53 percent, and they’re quick to tell you that they’re of the 47. But of all the people who marched on Washington last month, they may be among the best positioned to reach across that aisle. “I know of no other time when it would be more important,” Barbara Smith, the black feminist and leftist, told me. “That’s not my work to do, but somebody ought to do it. ”",0
9161,‘Game of Thrones’ Season 7 to Debut Later - The New York Times,"The next season of “Game of Thrones” will debut a little later than normal and, as expected, it will be a little shorter. HBO announced on Monday that the seventh season of the series will be seven episodes long  —   a departure from the   schedule of each of the previous six seasons. Additionally, “Game of Thrones” will debut in the summer of 2017, as opposed to its traditional start time in the spring. (Previous seasons had started in March or April.) The network explained a later shooting schedule would help the season’s plot.’ ”“Now that winter has arrived on ’Game of Thrones,’ executive producers David Benioff and D. B. Weiss felt that the story lines of the next season would be better served by starting production a little later than usual, when the weather is changing,” HBO’s president of programming, Casey Bloys, said in a statement.” ’The new schedule could present a significant opportunity for HBO’s competitors: If the seventh season begins later than May, it will not be eligible for next year’s Emmy Awards. “Game of Thrones” has garnered the most Emmy nominations of any TV show for three consecutive years, and last year it took home the Emmy for best drama for the first time. Mr. Benioff and Mr. Weiss had said last month they envisioned two more seasons to close out the series, amounting to about 13 episodes. “Game of Thrones” has never been more popular: Last month’s Season 6 finale had the highest ratings ever for the show.",0
9162,‘Liquid’ Cancer Test Offers Hope for Alternative to Painful Biopsies - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   A blood test to detect cancer mutations produced results that generally agree with those of an invasive tumor biopsy, researchers reported, heralding a time when diagnosing cancer and monitoring its progression may become less painful and risky. The blood tests, known as liquid biopsies, represent one of the hottest trends in oncology. They take advantage of the fact that DNA fragments from tumors can be found in tiny amounts in the blood of patients with cancer. Researchers hope that such tests can become alternatives to conventional tumor biopsies, in which a piece of the tumor is extracted by needle or by surgery  —   procedures that can have complications. The results of the study, the largest to date of a liquid biopsy test, give some reassurance that this might be possible. “I think this study really demonstrates the veracity of the liquid biopsy approach,” said Philip C. Mack, director of molecular pharmacology at the University of California Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center, who is presenting the results here this weekend to the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. The liquid biopsies are not currently used to diagnose cancer but rather to monitor disease progression or to detect genetic mutations in the tumor that could suggest which drug should be used to treat the disease. Just this week the Food and Drug Administration gave its first approval for such a test, one developed by Roche to detect mutations in a particular gene. Lung cancers with mutations in that gene are vulnerable to treatment with certain drugs, including Roche’s own Tarceva. Many liquid biopsy tests are being sold by other companies under rules that do not require F. D. A. approval. The study looked at the results of more than 15, 000 liquid biopsies performed by Guardant Health, a Silicon Valley   that is one of the leaders in the field. While many liquid biopsy tests now look for only a few mutations, Guardant’s test, which has a list price of $5, 800, looks at mutations in 70   genes. The 15, 000 samples came from the blood of people with various types of cancer, including lung, breast and colorectal. The researchers on the study, most of whom worked for Guardant, said the frequency and types of mutations found were similar to what is known from scientific literature. For nearly 400 patients, tumor biopsies were available, allowing for direct comparison to the blood test results from the same patient. For certain mutations that drive tumor growth, if a particular mutation was found in the blood it was also found in the tumor 94 to 100 percent of the time. There was much less agreement for mutations that predict resistance to particular drugs. Those might have arisen only after treatment started, so might not have been seen in the tumor biopsy, which is usually taken at the time of diagnosis. One shortcoming of the liquid biopsy was that for about 15 percent of the patients over all, no tumor DNA was detected in the blood. “There are simply tumors that do not shed DNA into circulation at detectable levels, so we are bound to miss them,” said Dr. Mack, who has been a paid speaker for Guardant. Dr. Edward Kim, an expert on lung cancer mutations who was not involved in the study, said the results showed the liquid biopsy accuracy was “very good. ” He said, however, that use of an actual tumor sample allows for a more thorough analysis, including more mutations than is possible with a blood sample. “I’m not personally ready to give up tissue,” said Dr. Kim, who is chairman of solid tumor oncology at the Carolinas HealthCare System’s Levine Cancer Institute in Charlotte, N. C. “It’s still the gold standard. ” Still, he said, there are times when a tissue biopsy cannot be obtained, and it is difficult to do second and third tissue biopsies on a patient. In those cases, he said, “I love the option of having the blood test available. ” Dozens of companies are now developing or offering liquid biopsies, and tissue biopsy companies are trying to defend their turf. Foundation Medicine, which analyzes tissue biopsies for mutations, sued Guardant last month, accusing it of patent infringement, which Guardant denies. Meanwhile, Foundation has introduced its own liquid biopsy test. The next frontier could be to develop a blood test to detect many or virtually all types of cancer at an early stage, when they might be most easily treatable. That might be tricky because patients could be given needless treatments and needless anxiety in the case of false positives, or if the test detected cancers that were real but would not hurt the patient if left alone. Illumina, a manufacturer of DNA sequencing machines, formed a company in January to develop such a test. It named the company Grail. Not to be outdone in the hyperbolic naming department, Guardant last month began studies to validate its own   test, using the name Project Lunar.",0
9163,SCHOOLS ALL OVER AMERICA ARE CLOSING ON ELECTION DAY DUE TO FEARS OF VIOLENCE,"Home › SOCIETY | US NEWS › SCHOOLS ALL OVER AMERICA ARE CLOSING ON ELECTION DAY DUE TO FEARS OF VIOLENCE SCHOOLS ALL OVER AMERICA ARE CLOSING ON ELECTION DAY DUE TO FEARS OF VIOLENCE 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News , “voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.” Just a couple days ago , I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th. 
Many officials are being very honest about the fact that schools are being shut down on election day because they are afraid of election violence. The following comes from Fox News … 
Several schools across the nation have decided to close on Election Day over fears of possible violence in the hallways stemming from the fallout from the heated rhetoric that consumed the campaign trail. 
The fear is the ugliness of the election season could escalate into confrontations and even violence in the school hallways, endangering students. 
“If anybody can sit there and say they don’t think this is a contentious election, then they aren’t paying much attention,” Ed Tolan, the Falmouth, Maine police chief, said Tuesday. His community has already called off classes on Nov. 8 and an increased police presence will be felt around town. 
And without a doubt, voting locations are “soft targets” that often have little or no security. We have been blessed to have had such peaceful elections in the past, but we also need to realize that times have changed. I believe that there is wisdom in what Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp told reporters … 
“There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering that we didn’t have 15 or 20 years ago,” said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. “ What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something? If that happens at a school, then that’s certainly concerning.” 
All it is going to take is a single incident to change everything. 
Let us hope that it is not this election day when we see something like that. 
Another reason why polling locations are under increased scrutiny this election season is because of concerns about election fraud. This is something that Donald Trump has alluded to repeatedly on the campaign trail. For instance, just consider what he told a rally in Pennsylvania … Post navigation",0
9164,"Held Hostage in an Orlando Restroom, and Playing Dead to Stay Alive - The New York Times","ORLANDO, Fla.  —   As the sound of gunfire in the nightclub grew louder, a patron named Orlando and a female friend took cover in a cramped bathroom stall, contorting their bodies on top of the toilet so their feet could not be seen. The gunman burst into the bathroom, went straight to the stall next to them and shot the people inside. “People were screaming, begging for their lives,” Orlando, 52, said in a telephone interview, asking that his last name not be used out of fear of retaliation from terrorist sympathizers. The gunman, Omar Mateen, was silent, then left the bathroom. “He went out and started shooting outside again,” Orlando said. For three sickening hours on Sunday morning, a    game of deception played out in a bathroom where the assailant holed up with hostages after killing dozens of people inside the Pulse nightclub. Orlando and his friend desperately tried to avoid becoming two more victims. Orlando said he listened as the gunman warned his hostages not to text anyone, took their cellphones, called 911 to calmly pledge his allegiance to the Islamic State, spoke about a need to stop American bombing in Syria and threatened greater bloodshed if the police moved in. Orlando described moments of surreal quiet as the siege went on and the killer fiddled with his weapon and used the sink and the hand dryer. Mr. Mateen checked on the bodies around him, Orlando said. At one point, Orlando switched positions and played dead, and he felt something poking him. He believed it was the gunman, checking to see if he was dead. Around 5 a. m. the police blew a hole in the wall, enabling some of the hostages to escape, and officers engaged in a fatal final confrontation with the assailant. Much of Orlando’s account corresponds with new information released by the police on Monday, other witness accounts and video evidence, which combined to paint a chilling picture of the hostage crisis that unfolded after the attack. The first bursts of gunfire, around 2 a. m. were captured on video by    Amanda Alvear, the footage uploaded to Snapchat. In the video, she is recording herself and others as they dance to the last song of the evening at the popular gay club. Then she turns the camera toward her own face. She is staring into the lens as the first few shots are heard. They do not seem to faze her. But as they continue, unrelenting, roughly 20 rounds, the video abruptly ends. She was listed among the dead on Monday. Just before the shooting began,    Ashley Summers and her friends went to their bartender, Kate, at Pulse’s back bar to order one more round  —   a vodka, soda and lime for Ms. Summers a vodka and Red Bull for one friend and a specialty drink for the other. One of Ms. Summers’s friends was polishing the credit card receipt with all sorts of pleasantries for the bartender  —   “sexy kitten,” “muah,” “you the best”  —   when the popping started. For 15 seconds, through the pulsing of the salsa music, they thought it might have been firecrackers, Ms. Summers said in an interview. But they eventually figured out it was gunshots. Ms. Summers said a friend pulled her to the ground. They felt glass shattering over their heads. They were near a back exit and crawled out. Concerned about what might be behind the    white privacy fence out back, they turned left, into a storage area. But they heard more gunshots coming from that direction, so they went back out onto the patio and used some furniture to vault over the fence. They dashed to safety. “At that point it was shock, it was disbelief, it was fear, but it was urgency,” said Ms. Summers, a ballroom dance instructor. “There was knowing that we had to get out of there. ” Soon after Mr. Mateen first opened fire, he was confronted by an armed security guard who was an   police officer, said John Mina, the Orlando police chief, at a news conference Monday morning. They exchanged gunfire. The security guard was then joined by an unknown number of police officers, the first to arrive on the scene. During these early rounds of gunfire, the police said, many patrons were able to escape. But the assailant retreated deeper into the club, eventually barricading himself in the bathroom, where some patrons had gone to hide. When the shots erupted, Norman Casiano dropped to his knees and crawled to what was apparently a different bathroom, seeking safety in a stall where many people were already crammed together. He tried to call 911, then his mother, shouting, “Mom mom mom mom!” into the phone before the call dropped. As Mr. Casiano, 25, and the others huddled together, a wounded man staggered into the bathroom and dropped to the floor. They urged him to try to stay quiet. At one point, as the gunman approached, Mr. Casiano said, he could hear shells clattering to the floor and the gun reloading. Then Mr. Mateen entered the bathroom. “Just firing, firing, firing,” Mr. Casiano said in an interview at his parents’ apartment, about two hours after he was released from the hospital on Monday afternoon. He was hit once in the back and felt a hot pulse of pain tear into him, as if his leg had been severed. He ended up being shot twice in the back, both bullets passing through his body, he said. Mr. Casiano said the gunman did not say anything, but laughed as people begged him not to shoot and assured him that they did not know who he was and had not seen his face. “All I heard was a laugh,” Mr. Casiano said. “He laughed like an evil laugh, something that’s just going to be imprinted in my head forever. ” It was, he said, “a laugh of like, ‘Ha, I did it. ’” When the gunman left the bathroom, Mr. Casiano tried to urge others to leave, he said, and was able to slip away and escape. He said he was in a hospital bed by about 3 a. m. two hours before the siege ended. Orlando’s escape took much longer. Hiding with his friend, he could hear the gunman drawing closer, the sound of each round getting louder. As he and his friend positioned themselves on the toilet, Orlando said, he also braced one foot against the stall door. Around this time, Mina Justice was asleep at home when she received a text from her    son, Eddie Justice, she told reporters. He was also hiding in a bathroom at the club. “Mommy I love you,” the first message read. It came in at 2:06 a. m. “In club they shooting. ” Only two minutes later, he wrote, “I’m gonna die. ” Another 30 minutes would pass before he sent a text begging for help. “Call them mommy,” he pleaded. “Hurry,” he wrote. “He’s in the bathroom with us. ” Orlando said he never looked Mr. Mateen in the eye, but recalled his calm voice. At one point, after noticing that some of the hostages in the bathroom were texting, the gunman ordered them to surrender their phones. He spoke again, according to Orlando, asking the hostages, “Are you guys black?” “He said, ‘I don’t have an issue with the blacks,’” Orlando said. Early in the siege, the gunman called 911 to pledge his allegiance to the Islamic State, Chief Mina said. “He was cool and calm when he was making those phone calls to us,” he said. Orlando could hear the gunman speaking on the phone, presumably to the police. He spoke about how America should stop bombing the Islamic State. “He got mad and hung up,” Orlando said. He never heard Mr. Mateen mention gay people  —   he spoke only about the Islamic State and Syria, and about the damage he still intended to do. The gunman made several calls, and at one point, Orlando said, he told whoever was on the other line that there were people in the club with bombing vests as well as three snipers outside, ready to take out officers if they advanced on the club. “Our negotiators were talking with him, and there were no shots at that time,” Chief Mina said. “But there was talk about bomb vests, about explosives, throughout, and there were statements made about imminent loss of life. ” Near the end of the siege, Mr. Mateen began to shoot the hostages in the bathroom, Orlando said. By some miracle, he said, he once again avoided detection, but a person in the neighboring stall was not so lucky. A man who had just been shot crawled under the stall, grasping at both Orlando’s and his companion’s legs, pulling them down  —   and exposing their hiding spot. They played dead, “my face against the toilet bowl,” he said. In those moments, Orlando’s phone would not stop ringing, as friends called to see if he was safe. He worried that the rings would draw attention and give him away. As the final battle with the police began, Orlando could hear the gunman loading his weapon, at one point shouting, “I’ve got plenty of bullets. ” Then there were explosions and chaos. The police had blown a hole in the bathroom wall, but Orlando said his muscles were so cramped he could barely move. “My shoulders got caught,” he said. “A cop grabbed me and pulled me out through the hole. ” His female friend was also rescued. When he looked at his clothes, he was covered in blood, but it was not his own. He does not know if anyone else made it out of the bathroom alive. Mr. Justice, whose last text to his mother was just before 3 a. m. did not survive. His death was confirmed by the Orlando authorities early Monday morning.",0
9165,Obama’s Brother: I’m Voting Trump,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 0 Comments 
Malik Obama has had enough of his younger brother Barack’s presidency and is terrified of the prospect of Hillary Clinton succeeding him in the White House. 
Born and raised in Kenya, Malik Obama moved to the Washington D.C. area in the 1980s and became a naturalized U.S. citizen. He is enrolled to vote in Maryland and he will be casting his ballot for Trump. 
“Now that my brother’s term is ending I can be open about it: I support Donald J. Trump for President. #MAGA #MAGA3X #Africans4Trump,” he says on his Twitter page. 
A Muslim who spends a lot of time in Africa, Malik has between 3 and 12 wives – he won’t say how many exactly – and clearly doesn’t adhere to traditional American values, however you define them. But even he is disappointed with the job his brother has done leading the country. 
Photographs exist of Malik celebrating wildly after his brother won the 2008 election, but since then his views have changed. Malik dreads the thought of Hillary Clinton succeeding his brother in the Oval Office, and describes Trump’s proposed shut down on Muslims entering the United States as “ common sense .” Trump is for the people. Hillary is for the money 
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 
Malik Obama says he is voting Trump because he has learned that career politicians cannot be trusted to enrich anybody but themselves, and he respects the Republican nominee’s honesty. He also blames his brother and Hillary Clinton for the death of Libya’s Moammar Gaddafi, who Malik describes as “ one of my best friends .” 
Malik blasted Clinton’s performance as secretary of state for creating chaos and violence in the Mideast. “ Check out the situation in Libya now ,” he said. Malik Obama, older half brother of the US President pictured with the late Colonel Gaddafi of Libya. 
Malik Obama might not receive regular phone calls from his younger brother anymore, but Trump called him and invited him to attend the third presidential debate in Las Vegas. 
“ I’m excited to be at the debate. Trump can make America great again ,” Malik told The Post. 
“ I look very much forward to meeting and being with Malik ,” Trump said in return. “ He gets it far better than his brother. ” 
Malik agrees with Trump that the mainstream media is corrupt and biased, and he dismisses the women who claim Trump kissed or groped them against their wishes. 
“ I don’t believe them ,” Malik said. “ Why didn’t they come forward before? ” 
The Obama surname means “ bent over ” or “ limping ” in the Kenyan Luo language of their tribe – fittingly, as Malik believes his brother’s presidency got off to a good start but is now limping over the line. And in his opinion, if America is to become great again, the baton must not be passed to Hillary Clinton.",0
9166,Bathroom Law Repeal Leaves Few Pleased in North Carolina - The New York Times,"ATLANTA  —   For a year, it prompted boycotts, demonstrations and economic fallout that helped dethrone a sitting governor. In the end, in a strange and profoundly American collision of polarized politics,   sports, commerce and the culture wars, North Carolina’s notorious House Bill 2 was finally laid to rest on Thursday  —   though many were left wondering if some of its negative effects might linger. Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat, signed legislation repealing the law after it was approved by the   legislature. House Bill 2 had restricted the ability of municipalities to enact   policies and required transgender people in government and public buildings to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender on their birth certificate. In addition to repealing House Bill 2, the new law gives the General Assembly the sole power to regulate access to “multiple occupancy restrooms, showers or changing facilities. ” It also creates a moratorium on local nondiscrimination ordinances through 2020. The compromise agreement came amid a looming threat that the N. C. A. A. which had already relocated a year’s worth of championship tournament games from the state, was planning to eliminate more, including future men’s Division I basketball tournaments. It was met with bitter criticism from gay rights groups, which said it was barely a repeal at all, and from conservatives, who said it backtracked on protecting public safety and traditional values. In a news conference on Thursday, Mr. Cooper said that the agreement would begin undoing the economic damage and that both sports events and economic development would begin coming back to the state. This week, The Associated Press calculated that North Carolina stood to lose more than $3. 7 billion over the next dozen years if House Bill 2 were not repealed. “This is not a perfect deal and it is not my preferred solution it stops short of many things we need to do as a state,” Mr. Cooper said. “In a perfect world, with a good General Assembly, we would have repealed HB2 fully today, and added full statewide protections for L. G. B. T. North Carolinians. ” Still, it remained to be seen if the deal would now lift what Mr. Cooper has called “the dark cloud hanging over our state. ” The N. C. A. A. president, Mark Emmert, said on Thursday that the league’s governing board would soon determine whether the changed law was “sufficient” for “the board to feel comfortable going back to North Carolina. ” The National Basketball Association, which relocated its most recent   Game to New Orleans to protest House Bill 2, did not reply to a request seeking comment. The Atlantic Coast Conference, which pulled recent league championships out of the state, indicated that it would take a fresh look at North Carolina. “The recently passed legislation allows the opportunity to reopen the discussion with the A. C. C. Council of Presidents regarding neutral site conference championships being held in the State of North Carolina,” John Swofford, the commissioner, said. PayPal, which in April had canceled an expansion in Charlotte over its concerns about the law, did not respond to a request for comment. A number of celebrities and organizations that had announced they were boycotting the state since the law’s passage one year ago had not commented on the repeal on social media. Pope McCorkle III, a public policy professor at Duke, called the deal an “awkward compromise. ” He said it would ultimately be judged by how many of the sports events, entertainers and businesses who had turned on the state would eventually change their minds. “There could be a split among the outside arbiters about whether this is good enough,” he said. “The deal is only as good as what it achieves in terms of the change in economic development perceptions nationally. ” It appeared that the threat of losing even more   basketball games had much to do with the breakthrough. The agreement comes on the eve of basketball’s Final Four weekend, with the University of North Carolina men’s team facing off against Oregon on Saturday night in Glendale, Ariz. Looming even larger, perhaps, was the broader threat of sustained business boycotts. Yet despite these stakes, and in a sign of the deep fissures that continue to run through both the state and the nation, there was little celebration when the law finally died. On Thursday, the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal, a gay rights group, called the compromise a “fake” repeal bill that “keeps in place the most harmful parts of the law. ” The Human Rights Campaign and other gay rights groups called the deal “shameful” and accused the governor and the legislature of engaging in a “sell out” of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. Some religious and cultural conservatives denounced the removal of transgender bathroom provisions. Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, based in Washington, said the compromise showed that “elected officials are ultimately willing to surrender to the courts and the N. C. A. A. on matters of safety and public policy. ” Others argued that girls and women would be robbed of privacy and dignity if forced to confront biological men in restrooms. Gay rights advocates said that the moratorium on local   ordinances, combined with the absence of a statewide   law addressing sexual orientation and gender identity, would leave lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people at risk of continued discrimination. “That, to me, is astonishing, that we’re going to make L. G. B. T. people wait another four years to be protected from being fired because they’re gay,” said Chris Fitzsimon, director of NC Policy Watch, a liberal group. There appeared to be some disagreement about the freedom that local governments would have to pass protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people under the new law. Mr. Cooper said that local governments were now free to “pass protections for their L. G. B. T. employees. ” Cathryn Oakley, senior legislative counsel for the Human Rights Campaign, said she did not believe that was the case. “I don’t think the language supports that,” she said. Under the new law, transgender people in state government buildings will not be prohibited from using a bathroom that does not match the gender on their birth certificate. Mr. Cooper emphasized the impact on school children. “Now transgender kids aren’t subject to the horrible requirement and embarrassment that could put them in more danger of being bullied or preyed on,” he said. The   Justice Department had issued guidelines to public schools stating that denying students the ability to use the restrooms of their choice violated Title IX, the 1972 federal law that prohibits sex discrimination in education. A Virginia case that might have settled the matter was scheduled to be heard by the United States Supreme Court, but when President Trump’s Justice Department rescinded the guidelines, the justices in March sent it back to a lower court to decide. Jane Wettach, a law professor at Duke, said that beyond schools, few institutions had ever policed people’s bathroom choices. “Which is what made the law sort of symbolic,” she said, referring to House Bill 2. House Bill 2 has already dealt a major political blow to the Republican Party in North Carolina, with the backlash helping Mr. Cooper defeat former Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican, by a   margin in November. Time will tell if Mr. Cooper retains the support of disappointed gay rights advocates on the left wing of his coalition. National gay rights groups could also see a perceived loss of clout if the N. C. A. A. and other sports organizations ignore their continued protests and decide to play ball in the state. If the costly drama in North Carolina serves as a cautionary tale to other   states looking to take up such volatile social issues, only some appear to have heeded it. On Thursday in Texas, some conservatives reiterated their support for a bill that would revise the laws regulating bathroom use in government buildings. The bill has been approved by the State Senate. But according to The Texas Tribune, it may not survive in the House. The Tribune reported that Texas businesses were worried the proposal could cost them “hundreds of millions of dollars” in revenue.",0
9167,Soul-Searching at Clinton Foundation in Trump Era - The New York Times,"Last summer, former President Bill Clinton pledged that if Hillary Clinton won the presidential election, he would avoid conflicts by stepping aside from many of his duties at the Clinton Foundation, restricting foreign donations to the charity and spinning off certain programs. Now, nearly three months after Mrs. Clinton’s defeat, the foundation is still grappling with its place in the era of President Trump. It faces some daunting challenges: a drop in   during the campaign uncertainty about the scale of the former president’s ambitions and questions about leadership, including how long its president, Donna E. Shalala, will stay, and whether Mrs. Clinton might rejoin the charity. Mr. Clinton, in a letter to be released with the foundation’s annual report this week, went so far as to ask supporters for advice on its future. “We seek both your input and your ideas,” he wrote, noting that the organization would work to expand its impact. Ms. Shalala, in an interview on Thursday, acknowledged the difficulties. “Last year was a tough year,” she said, “because people were beating on us with nonsense,” a reference to bruising political attacks claiming that donors were using the foundation to curry favor with the Clintons. Revenues were down for 2016, Ms. Shalala acknowledged, in part because of voluntary restrictions and the fact that the charity’s major    —   the former president and his daughter, Chelsea  —   were campaigning for Mrs. Clinton. Revenues “dropped during the economic downturn, too,” Ms. Shalala said. Still, both Mr. Clinton and Ms. Shalala, who also cited concerns in keeping talent, expressed optimism. “At the end of the day,” she said, “I think this is going to be as it always was: a creative, dynamic foundation that helps to improve the lives of millions. ” As the foundation looks within, many experts said it was right to assess its future, including whether a great enough need still existed for its most prominent asset: the ability to bring the private sector together with charities to help underserved causes. “It’s certainly a different landscape than it was” when the foundation’s work began, said Carolyn Miles, president and chief executive of Save the Children, one of the foundation’s early partners. “I would say you have to come back as something slightly different. ” In recent weeks, the foundation has completed a planned shutdown of the Clinton Global Initiative, which hosted a   annual meeting, and laying off most of the initiative’s staff of about 100. Foundation officials confirmed on Thursday that two major programs, including one in Haiti, would transfer out of the foundation. The organization has also considered scaling back other efforts, according to several people familiar with the discussions, speaking on the condition of anonymity. Staff members have prepared options for Bill and Chelsea Clinton to consider, which include some new endeavors, Ms. Shalala said. Meanwhile, foundation officials are striving to project an image of business as usual. The new annual report highlighted the organization’s efforts across the world, including opening a health clinic in Malawi and expanding its role in countering the opioid crisis in the United States. During the holidays, Mr. Clinton reached out to donors offering to match   contributions. Chelsea Clinton and foundation staff members in January packed grapefruits at a community service event in New York with City Harvest. And Ms. Shalala announced a new partnership to enhance the health of children in San Diego County. President Trump’s executive order banning federal assistance for international health groups if they counsel women on or provide abortions has also contributed to fears of a broader decline in funding for global health work. Ms. Shalala said she had discussed how to contend with that possibility in a recent conversation with Bill Gates, whose charity has supported the Clinton Foundation and many other nonprofits. The foundation was formed in 1997 during Mr. Clinton’s presidency and has raised roughly $2 billion since then. Its work has spanned 3, 500 projects and 180 countries including the United States, with projects as varied as earthquake recovery in Haiti and health initiatives in Rwanda. During the presidential campaign, political opponents pounded the foundation, criticizing its dealings with foreign donors and financiers. No evidence emerged of a quid pro quo while Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state, but the overlapping interests of foreign donors to the foundation and official international affairs dogged her candidacy. The philanthropy was a focus for Mrs. Clinton after her time as secretary of state and before her recent presidential run. In terms of deciding whether to   “we are not there yet even remotely now,” Nick Merrill, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton, said. Ms. Shalala, who served as secretary of health and human services under Mr. Clinton and seemed destined for a White House role if Mrs. Clinton had prevailed, said it was unclear how long she would stay as the foundation’s president. For the moment, hiring appears muted: Most of the job postings on the foundation’s website are for food service and catering jobs at the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock, Ark. Many believe the foundation’s future will depend on Mr. Clinton, now 70, always its driving force. “Does he still have the energy, passion, desire and the good health in order to devote energy to it?” Neal   the chief executive of the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, asked during a phone interview from Davos, Switzerland, during the World Economic Forum in January. On Thursday, Ms. Shalala described the former president and Chelsea Clinton, who both serve on the foundation’s board, as engaged, “main influences” on   with Mr. Clinton still a draw for donors. “He’s got a lot of friends,” Ms. Shalala said. But others saw obstacles ahead. “The big issue they are going to face is to what degree can they raise money now that the Clintons seem to be out of national leadership positions,” said Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University. “They have lost a little bit of their luster. ” In 2015, the charity’s revenues were nearly $300 million, down from $338 million in 2014, according to its annual report. It has not yet released figures for 2016, but Ms. Shalala acknowledged that they were lower. Internal goals of raising $20 million in unrestricted funds in 2016 were surpassed, but “took a lot of effort to get there,” she said. In August, at the official start of the general election campaign, the foundation announced its decision to shutter the Clinton Global Initiative, a yearly gathering that Douglas J. Band, a longtime aide of Mr. Clinton’s, had conceived of as a way to connect wealthy donors and corporations with worthy causes. It held its final meeting in September. By contrast, the Clinton Health Access Initiative, known as CHAI  —   a separate but affiliated entity  —   halted a series of moves designed to disengage from the Clintons in the event that Mrs. Clinton won the White House. Regan Lachapelle, a spokeswoman for CHAI, said the group’s work was continuing amid discussions about its future. “None of it’s resolved,” said Dr. Paul Farmer, a board member of CHAI, which has health programs in 70 countries that include promoting AIDS treatment and strengthening health systems, in a telephone interview from Haiti. “Knowing what to do in this climate is a tough call. ” Across the worldwide outposts where the Clinton Foundation has a presence, speculation about its future has been rampant. In some foreign countries, CHAI has been accused of using the Clintons’ influence to pressure governments into pursuing certain initiatives, or rewarding favored American development partners. “If they disappear it would be very ironic,” said Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. Speaking from Liberia, she said CHAI’s initiatives in the wake of the Ebola epidemic had sidelined longtime academic partnerships like hers. “They insinuate themselves into the whole process and try to take it over,” she said. Development experts, including Daniel F. Runde, a former director of the Office of Global Development Alliances at the United States Agency for International Development, generally expressed the belief that the foundation could continue to attract support for its work. “It’s a damaged brand,” Mr. Runde said, “but there remains an international demand for them. ” For years, the Clinton Foundation has worked with organizations founded by other former presidents, from Lyndon B. Johnson to George W. Bush. In recent months, Ms. Shalala said, foundation officials have offered advice for former President Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, on their own foundation, which will focus on national and international community building programs. “They called and asked some questions,” Ms. Shalala said.",0
9168,Hillary Clinton Twists the Knife in Donald Trump’s Tax Proposals - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton leaned into her plans to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans on Wednesday, denouncing Donald J. Trump’s tax proposals as a boondoggle for billionaires. “We’re going to tax the wealthy who have made all of the income gains in the last 15 years,” Mrs. Clinton told a crowd in Cleveland. “The superwealthy, corporations, Wall Street,” she declared emphatically, “they’re going to have to invest in education, in skills training, in infrastructure. ” For months, Mrs. Clinton has attacked Mr. Trump’s economic agenda in broad terms, portraying him as a follower of the “trickle down” orthodoxy of previous Republican administrations. But Mr. Trump’s release of his tax plans last week in Detroit allowed her to begin to criticize them more specifically. Just as President Obama attacked his 2012 rival, Mitt Romney, for paying a lower effective tax rate than the vast majority of Americans, Mrs. Clinton said that Mr. Trump’s plan would benefit people in his own income bracket, declaring that he “would pay a lower rate than   families” if it were put into effect. Mr. Trump has recommended cutting the top marginal income tax rate to 33 percent from the current 39. 6 percent, and broadening deductions for things like child care. Mr. Trump, conversely, has portrayed Mrs. Clinton as a    Democrat who supports policies that have caused 15 years of virtually stagnant wages. “For an economy desperate for a jump start, Clinton’s plan will only act as a straitjacket,” his campaign said on Wednesday. Mrs. Clinton’s spending plans, including a $250 billion investment in infrastructure and a $350 billion plan to make college more affordable, rely largely on changes to the tax code that would raise rates on the affluent and corporations. She supports the “Buffett rule,” which would require millionaires to pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes, and wants to close the carried interest loophole that lets hedge fund managers pay a lesser tax rate on much of their income. She has also proposed an “exit tax” on corporations that move jobs overseas, and wants to limit tax deductions, impose a 4 percent tax surcharge for income over $5 million, and close corporate tax loopholes to help pay for her costly domestic agenda. After touring a job training program at John Marshall High School in Cleveland, Mrs. Clinton described how her plan would affect voters in Ohio, a critical swing state where she holds a   edge over Mr. Trump, according to an NBC   Street   poll. Referring to a report by Moody’s Analytics, she said her plan would create 376, 000 jobs in Ohio, while Mr. Trump’s plans would cost the state more than 123, 000 jobs. “I know that too many families right here in Ohio are feeling too much financial stress, worrying about how they’re going to make ends meet,” she said. Mrs. Clinton, who is sometimes mocked for the attention she pays to granular policy details, has taken particular aim at Mr. Trump’s proposal to cut taxes on what are known as   entities: businesses that do not pay corporate income taxes, but whose owners are taxed on individual profits. Calling this provision “the Trump loophole,” Mrs. Clinton asserted on Wednesday that it would allow Mr. Trump and business owners like him to pay less than half the current tax rate on income from their own companies. Even some Republicans who support Mr. Trump’s promise to slash the tax rate on corporate profits to 15 percent, from the current 35 percent, have criticized the   provision. “While reducing corporate income rates is generally good, the   exemption is a bad policy,” said Kyle E. Pomerleau, the director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation, a conservative think tank. He explained that the provision would “create a lot of behavioral incentives” for people to restructure how they earn income “in order to get a more favorable rate. ” Polling suggests that Mrs. Clinton’s focus on tax issues could resonate with voters, because most Americans agree with the thrust of her ideas. Almost   64 percent, of Americans said they were bothered a lot by the feeling that some corporations are not paying what is fair in federal taxes, and 61 percent said the same about some wealthy people, according to a 2015 poll from the Pew Research Center. While the weeds of tax policy can be a difficult sell to voters, the broader issue of income inequality has motivated voters this election year. “The tax system is the poster child for all of that,” said Frank Clemente, the executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, an advocacy organization. “It’s through this lens that people really see the system as corrupt and benefiting rich people. ” To that end, Mrs. Clinton tried to sprinkle personal stories around her policy details. “I am proud to be the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a   man and standing here before you,” she said, while portraying her rival as part of the top 1 percent in terms of wealth. She said Mr. Trump’s plan to eliminate the estate tax would save his family an estimated $4 billion, which, by Mrs. Clinton’s calculations, would pay for publicly funded prekindergarten classes for 890, 000    and provide a year’s worth of health care for 360, 000 veterans. “Donald Trump doesn’t need a tax cut,” she said. She waited for the crowd to quiet down, and then Mrs. Clinton, whose tax returns show that she and former President Bill Clinton earned an adjusted gross income of $10. 6 million in 2015, added, “I don’t need a tax cut. ”",0
9169,NYT: Trump ’Helping Terrorists’ by Refusing to Talk Gun Control after London Knife Attacks,"On June 12 the New York Times editorial board claimed that President Trump is “helping terrorists” by refusing to talk gun control after London’s June 3 terrorist knife attacks. [Moreover, even though terror attacks are becoming more frequent in Britain and the whole of Europe, the NYT lauds Britain for putting  “civilian safety” before gun rights.  How safe were the civilians who walked on London Bridge June 3? The impetus behind the NYT editorial was Trump’s June 4 tweet: Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That’s because they used knives and a truck!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017,  The NYT reacted by describing Trump as “the candidate of the National Rifle Association” and suggested he did not want to talk gun control after the June 3 attacks because he “prefers to discourage any debate in this county about the lethal role played by easily obtainable guns. ” The NYT completely misses the fact that the June 3 attacks happened in London, not here, and they were carried out with knives, not guns. They also avoid connecting the dots. That is, they describe all the gun controls Britain has put in place but they fail to recognize that the controls were impotent to stop the June 3 attacks. If anything, those controls made the attacks easier to carry out because such controls meant Londoners would be defenseless. France has gun controls which are very similar to those in Britain, yet in 2015 alone terrorists were able to shoot 142 Parisians to death. This is why Trump spent time on the campaign trail stressing that gun control is not the answer but an armed citizenry is at least part of the answer. During a January 10, 2016, appearance on Meet the Press, Trump stressed that terrorists need to feel the sting of bullets being shot back at them. He said: If in Paris or if in California recently, where the 14 people were killed and probably others to follow —  in terms of that group because you have some people who are very, very badly wounded —  if in Paris they had guns or if in California [they had guns,] on the other side, where the bullets go both ways, not just in one direction. You wouldn’t have had the kind of carnage that you had. Gun control is not the answer. London has gun control —  the whole of Europe has gun control —  and they also have   terror attacks, knife attacks, truck attacks, and hammer attacks. They face attacks from rudimentary weapons and those attacks are often successful because they people lack a means to defend themselves. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com",0
9170,FBI Had SECRETLY Recorded Audio Implicating Clintons- Justice Department Got In The Way!,"0 comments 
We all know the corruption in DC is real, but it’s still be a very SHOCKING past few weeks with all the skeletons coming out of the closet proving us right! 
Now, we have learned that the FBI really wanted to do their job and investigate Hillary correctly to see if she needed to be put away. The problem was …. Obama’s Justice Department. 
They got in the way. 
CLASSIC corruption move… 
Now they are busted….and metaphorically caught with their pants down. What the FBI has released now, is going to make it REAL hard for the Justice Department to dodge this one… 
FBI investigators believed the audio was at least worth investigating and they grew increasingly frustrated as they ran into roadblocks erected by corruption prosecutors and even some FBI executives, sources told The Wall Street Journal. The prosecutors reportedly felt the case wasn’t worth bringing to a grand jury because the individual in the secret recording wasn’t working inside the Clinton Foundation. 
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Robert Capers, were both at the center of the internal dispute, per the report: 
Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI’s No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation. 
At times, people on both sides of the dispute thought Mr. Capers agreed with them. Defenders of Mr. Capers said he was straightforward and always told people he thought the case wasn’t strong. 
Another bombshell Fox News report published Wednesday suggested that FBI agents are now “actively and aggressively pursuing” the Clinton Foundation case. Two separate sources told Fox News the case is now “very high priority.” 
To see the FOX reporting CLICK HERE 
There are no answers in DC, and there hasn’t been for a very long time. There is now, only corruption. I’d say it’s high time we do drain the swamp. 
Lets hope what need to happen in order for that to be done… happens on November 8th. Related Items",0
9171,Scott Pruitt Faces Anger From Right Over E.P.A. Finding He Won’t Fight - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When President Trump chose the Oklahoma attorney general, Scott Pruitt, to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, his mission was clear: Carry out Mr. Trump’s campaign vows to radically reduce the size and scope of the agency and take apart President Barack Obama’s ambitious climate change policies. In his first weeks on the job, Mr. Pruitt drew glowing praise from foes of Mr. Obama’s agenda against global warming, as he moved to roll back its centerpiece, known as the Clean Power Plan, and expressed agreement with those who said the E. P. A. should be eliminated. His actions and statements have galvanized protests from environmentalists and others on the left. But now a growing chorus of critics on the other end of the political spectrum say Mr. Pruitt has not gone far enough. In particular, they are angry that he has refused to challenge a landmark agency determination known as the endangerment finding, which provides the legal basis for Mr. Obama’s Clean Power Plan and other global warming policies. These critics say that Mr. Pruitt is hacking only at the branches of current climate policy. They want him to pull it out by the roots. “The endangerment finding must be redone, or all of this is for naught,” said Steven J. Milloy, who runs a website, JunkScience. com, aimed at debunking the established science of   climate change, and who worked on the Trump administration’s E. P. A. transition team. “If you get rid of the endangerment finding, the rest of the climate regulations just sweep themselves away. But if they don’t get rid of it, the environmentalists can sue, and then there’s going to have to be a Trump Clean Power Plan,” said Mr. Milloy, who is also a former policy director for Murray Energy, a major coal company whose chief executive, Robert E. Murray, was a backer of Mr. Trump’s campaign and his push to undo climate change policy. The 2009 legal finding is at the heart of a debate within the Trump administration over how to permanently reverse Mr. Obama’s climate change rules. The finding concludes that carbon dioxide emissions endanger public health and welfare by warming the planet, which led to a legal requirement that the E. P. A. regulate smokestacks and tailpipes that spew   pollution. Thus, climate policy experts on both sides of the debate say, even if Mr. Pruitt succeeds in the legally challenging process of withdrawing the Clean Power Plan, the endangerment finding will still put him under the legal obligation to put together a replacement regulation. Mr. Pruitt has told the White House and Congress that he will not try to reverse the finding, saying that such a move would almost certainly be overturned by the courts. Last month, as Mr. Trump prepared to release an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to dismantle the Clean Power Plan, along with nearly every other major element of Mr. Obama’s climate change legacy, Mr. Pruitt argued against including a repeal of the endangerment finding in the order, according to people familiar with the matter. Legal experts outside the Trump White House say that while Mr. Pruitt may face political fire on his right flank for the move, it is nonetheless pragmatic legally, since the finding has already been challenged and upheld by federal courts. But Mr. Pruitt is now being pilloried by conservative allies of the White House. Writing in Breitbart News  —   the conservative website formerly run by Mr. Trump’s senior strategist, Stephen K. Bannon  —   James Delingpole, a writer who is close to Mr. Bannon, said that if Mr. Pruitt refused to undo the endangerment finding, “it will represent a major setback for President Trump’s war with the Climate Industrial Complex. ” “If Scott Pruitt is not up to that task, then maybe it’s about time he did the decent thing and handed over the reins to someone who is,” he added. Legal experts say they can see why opponents of climate change policy want to go after the endangerment finding  —   as long as it remains in place, any efforts to undo climate regulations can always be reversed. “As a matter of theory, they’re absolutely right,” said Richard J. Lazarus, a professor of environmental law at Harvard. “If you want to get rid of the climate stuff, you get rid of the root, not just the branches. They want him to uproot the whole thing. ” But, Mr. Lazarus added, “as a matter of legal strategy, it makes little sense, because the endangerment finding is very strong. ” The original recommendation to make an endangerment finding on carbon dioxide emissions was made by Stephen L. Johnson, a career scientist who led the E. P. A. under President George W. Bush, although the Bush White House did not act on Mr. Johnson’s memo. After the Obama administration did so, the finding was legally challenged but upheld in a federal court. The Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal. Mr. Lazarus said that Mr. Pruitt would have his hands full with the legal challenges of undoing the regulations themselves. Taking on the endangerment finding would probably be futile, he said. “He doesn’t want to spend a lot of time with something that’s a sure loser,” he said. “It wrecks your credibility with the courts. ” Mr. Pruitt has a long history of championing legal efforts to undermine major environmental rules. As Oklahoma’s attorney general, he sued the E. P. A. 14 times in efforts to undo regulations. He believes in stripping power away from the federal government and returning it to states. But during his Senate confirmation hearing, he told senators that despite that, he was likely to draw the line at trying to overturn the endangerment finding. “It is there, and it needs to be enforced and respected,” Mr. Pruitt said. “There is nothing that I know that would cause it to be reviewed. ”",0
9172,"Geoengineering Watch Global Alert News, November 5, 2016","geoengineeringwatch.org 
The power structure is continuing to fracture from within. Like feuding mafia families that no longer have enough turf to exploit, they will begin to turn on each other. There are many predicting the manner in which the dominos will fall, but who can know with any certainty? There are simply too many variables and too many factors that are already far beyond the breaking point. The noose is being tightened around all our necks from countless directions. The AT&T purchase of Time Warner (and thus CNN News) is just another sign of the rapid power structure consolidation. Those who attempt to stand up to the fascist state are treated brutally, as the Dakota pipeline protesters now know. The hypocrisy of environmentalists like Leonardo DiCaprio (and organizations like National Geographic) is perplexing and disappointing. The newly released film ""After The Flood (by DeCaprio and National Geographic) was disappointing and unfortunately only a half truth. The US military continues to bomb the forces that are actually fighting ISIS, why? Has the human race overshot the planet's ability to support the population? If so, who bears the blame, and where do we go from here? The latest installment of Global Alert News is below. 
As the battle for the greater good becomes ever more difficult, and the horizon grows darker, many, unfortunately, abandon their post and passively sit down on the bench. There is no solace in walking away from the most important struggle ever faced by the human race and at the most critical time. We must never turn away, we must never yield, we must never give up, make your voice heard in the fight for the greater good.",0
9173,Watch Live: Trump ’Make America Great Again’ Celebration - Breitbart,"Thursday,   Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence will speak at the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration” live from the Lincoln Memorial beginning at 4 p. m. ET.  Country singer Toby Keith and 3 Doors Down are set to perform, as well as various military bands. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
9174,"In City Built by Immigrants, Immigration Is the Defining Political Issue - The New York Times","HAZLETON, Pa.  —   Thousands of Dominicans have poured into this little city in eastern Pennsylvania since 2001 to work in the food plants and warehouses on the edge of town, where the highway to New York meets the highway to Philadelphia. Hazleton’s population is growing for the first time in more than half a century. Landlords, doctors and shopkeepers are learning to love their new customers. But the city’s economic evolution has left behind its previous,   working class, and the presidential election has crystallized its frustrations. Many of those losing ground economically, including lifelong Democrats, say they plan to vote for Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee. Many of those who are prospering, including lifelong Republicans, say they will vote for the Democrat, Hillary Clinton. For both sides, how to deal with immigration has become a defining political issue, one that is likely to transcend the contretemps over Mr. Trump’s treatment of women that has cost him so much support among elected Republicans. This city was built by European immigrants who flocked here a century ago to work in the coal mines. Their children found better jobs in the factories. Now their grandchildren are struggling against economic decline and cultural displacement. “I don’t care for this town no more because of the Hispanics,” said Lewis Beishline, 70, as he sat drinking at 11 a. m. on a Friday at Cusat’s Cafe, a bar owned by the mayor of Hazleton, who lives upstairs. Mr. Beishline, a retired welder, said he moved from Hazleton to a nearby town last year because he no longer felt safe. He plans to vote for Mr. Trump, he said, “because of the immigration. ” The Hispanic community, meanwhile, is eager to establish its own political power in the face of what many describe as persistent and painful discrimination. Community leaders in this city of 25, 000 say they have registered more than 800 Hispanic voters in recent months, expanding the voting rolls by almost 10 percent. “I tell my kids, if someone asks where you are from, you say ‘Hazleton,’” said Guillermo Lara, 49, who moved here from Mexico in the early 1990s and whose two daughters were born here. “We’re here, and we don’t go nowhere. We want more. ” That sharp divide is mirrored by the candidates seeking the Oval Office. Beyond his promised wall and deportations, Mr. Trump has denigrated immigrants repeatedly, at times without distinguishing between legal and illegal immigration. “Donald Trump’s position on illegal immigration plays a big role in his support not only in Hazleton but in northeast Pennsylvania,” said Lou Barletta, a Republican who represents the region in Congress and has stood by his nominee as other Republicans in Congress have fled. In 2006, as Hazleton’s mayor, Mr. Barletta championed a     ordinance penalizing employers and landlords for dealing with illegal immigrants. The courts blocked it from taking effect, but Mr. Barletta said Mr. Trump’s popularity reflected the continued demand for stronger government action. “He’s going to win here, and win big,” Mr. Barletta said. Mr. Barletta introduced Mr. Trump at a rally in nearby   on Monday night, declaring that voters in northeastern Pennsylvania would propel Mr. Trump to the White House. Mrs. Clinton, by contrast, has celebrated immigrants, both legal and illegal, as important contributors to American society. Her campaign describes her plan to create a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants as one of her most important ideas for increasing economic growth. “Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together  —   and it’s the right thing to do,” Mrs. Clinton said in accepting the party’s presidential nomination in Philadelphia, about 100 miles southeast of Hazleton. The Hispanic population grew faster in Luzerne County, which includes Hazleton, than almost any other county between 2000 and 2011, according to the Pew Research Center. While immigration has slowed since the 2008 recession, Hispanics continue to move here from larger cities like New York and Paterson, N. J. In the 2000 census, just 4. 9 percent of Hazleton’s population identified as Hispanic. A decade later, that figure was 37 percent. By 2014, the most recent data available, 46 percent of the population said it was Hispanic. In all likelihood, Hazleton is now a   city, just like the nearby cities of Reading and Allentown. The Hispanic ascendence emerged from seismic economic shifts, said Jamie Longazel, a professor of sociology at the University of Dayton who grew up just outside Hazleton and wrote a book, “Undocumented Fears,” about the city’s struggles with immigration. When the local coal mines began to close in the 1950s, Hazleton residents raised money to build an industrial park that attracted factories to the region. When the factories began to leave in the 1990s, the city mobilized again. Local officials won state permission to create one of Pennsylvania’s largest   Keystone Opportunity Zones. A Cargill meat processing and distribution plant arrived in 2001. Other distribution businesses have followed, including an Amazon. com warehouse. Many residents claim that city officials advertised for   immigrant labor on billboards in New York or New Jersey, but Mr. Longazel said there was no evidence that ever happened. The truth is that the immigration was unanticipated but most likely inevitable. “The new jobs don’t pay as much as the old jobs did, and the reality is that   folks were just not interested,” Mr. Longazel said. The city also was also aging. Almost a quarter of the population was over 65 in 2000, roughly twice the national average. And nature abhors a vacuum  —   especially in a work force. Many of the new arrivals trace their roots to one Dominican city, San José de Ocoa. Hazleton’s old shopping streets, nearly abandoned in the 1990s, are now lined with Dominican bakeries, barbershops, travel agencies and Mexican restaurants. The Italian restaurants are now run by Mexican families. The city has two Spanish radio stations and a television station that broadcasts six hours of local programming a day. Stephen M. Schleicher, a dermatologist, said Hispanic residents now made up a third of his patients. He has hired a bilingual receptionist and is looking for a bilingual nurse. He has started placing ads in the local   newspaper. Dr. Schleicher, a lifelong Republican, said that Mr. Trump’s views on immigration had persuaded him, albeit reluctantly, to vote for Mrs. Clinton. “We’re seeing a total revitalization despite the government trying to keep the immigrants out,” he said. “It would have been a ghost town of older white people. ” Yet it is easy to overstate Hazleton’s recovery. Many of the new jobs pay poorly. Almost 29 percent of the population lived in poverty in 2014, almost twice the national average. And Hazleton’s evolution has inspired deep resentment. Many residents complain bitterly about the new arrivals not speaking English, about loud music late at night, about people walking in the street and driving without regard for traffic rules. Wana Bostic, 45, scrapes by on $11. 50 an hour as a home health aide. She said that she was not paid nearly enough, but that employers can squeeze workers because of the ready availability of immigrant labor. “No one talks about white Americans and what we really need,” she said. Crime has increased, as has drug use. The police force, meanwhile, has shrunk with declining tax revenue. Many residents are convinced that illegal immigration is to blame. “If you come into the country breaking the law, that’s not a good way to get your foot in the door,” said Nick Zapotocky, 31, who now has three deadbolt locks on the door of his home. “That says you’re willing to break the law again. ” He voted for President Obama in 2008. In 2012, he did not vote. And this year, he said he will vote for Mr. Trump. Francisco   said people were blinded by their fear of change, unable to see the benefits that immigration is bringing to Hazleton. Mr.   whose father was Mexican, runs a company that makes caps for old wells. He employs 30 people in the summer, only a few of them Hispanic. And he noted that some of the largest employers in the area are now Mexican companies, including Bimbo Bakeries, which has a plant nearby that makes millions of Thomas’ English Muffins. Mr.   said he had always voted Republican, loyal to his pocketbook. But he plans to vote for Mrs. Clinton, he said. “They fear they’re losing what they remember,” he said. “But what can you do? The United States is in evolution. Apple pie came after the Germans arrived. Maybe it will now be ‘As American as salsa.’ So what?” Hazleton still has no Hispanic elected officials. The city just added its first Hispanic police officer. The public school system, which has very few Hispanic teachers, was ordered by the federal Department of Education in 2014 to improve efforts to teach English to immigrants, and to communicate with parents. But a second generation of Hispanic Americans in Hazleton may force change. Mr. Lara worked three jobs to pay private school tuition so his daughters could avoid Hazleton’s high school. After   days in a factory, he washed dishes at night and cleaned offices on weekends. Two years ago, his eldest daughter, Amanda, graduated from Ithaca College in upstate New York with a degree in psychology and came home. She teaches   classes for Hispanic children in the building that was once her elementary school. It has become a community center thanks in large part to Joe Maddon, a Hazleton native who manages the Chicago Cubs. Ms. Lara, who is studying for a master’s degree at the University of Scranton, said racial tensions had increased. At the city’s annual Funfest, she noticed an empty space between the Hispanic vendors and the Polish and Italian vendors. “And I hear it from my kids,” she said of her students. “They’re not dumb. They can tell when they’re not liked or they’re not welcome. ” But she said she was not sure she wanted to move away. “People say, ‘Why would you want to stay there? ’” she said. “Well, for one thing, this is my hometown. ”",0
9175,Snapchat Discover Takes a Hard Line on Misleading and Explicit Images - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   On Snapchat last week, MTV published an article with the headline “Is this the thirstiest person on earth?” The article, which ran on Snapchat’s news service, Discover, appeared with a picture of a   blond woman taking a selfie, even though the piece was about a fully clothed man. Those kinds of risqué and misleading images will now be much less prominent on Discover because early on Monday, Snapchat updated its guidelines for publishers in a way that essentially cleans up what is shown on its news service. The new rules more explicitly restrict publishers from posting questionable pictures on Discover that do not have news or editorial value. Snapchat also clarified guidelines that prevent publishers from including reports or links to outside websites that could be considered fake news, saying that all content must be   and accurate. The changes aim to “empower our editorial partners to do their part to keep Snapchat an informative, factual and safe environment for everyone,” said Rachel Racusen, a spokeswoman for the company. Snapchat said it also planned to give publishers a tool in February that would allow them to   content, or stop minors from seeing some content altogether. The moves  —   which come ahead of an initial public offering expected for this spring by Snapchat’s parent company, Snap  —   underscore how the company is trying to distinguish itself from rival social media services. Facebook and Twitter typically give users, including publications, wide latitude in what they can post, which has led the companies into one controversy after another  —   including criticism over fake news and outrage over harassment and abuse by internet trolls. Snapchat is   acting to limit those problems in a way that is reminiscent of how traditional media companies curate what they show people. “Snapchat thinks about the role that its content plays in the lives of consumers differently,” said Steven Kydd, one of the founders of Tastemade, an online food publication. “This is cable all over again, except for a mobile and global audience. ” Cleaning up what is published on Discover could have many benefits for Snapchat, like helping the service appeal to advertisers, which would not have to worry as much that they would be advertising alongside inappropriate content for Snapchat’s primary audience of teenagers and  . The new rules could also whet investors’ appetites for Snapchat if they help the company avoid the taints of fake news and online abuse that have dogged its rivals. “In this environment, every technology company that touches media is concerned about being vulnerable to connections to fake news and disinformation,” said Joshua Benton, director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University. “That’s doubly true for a company planning for an I. P. O. ” Snapchat introduced Discover in January 2015 as a part of its mobile app, where it publishes content from established media brands like CNN and Cosmopolitan, as well as newer outlets like the political channel We the People. For Snapchat, Discover is a way to engage users more deeply. Publishers see Discover as an avenue to reach a new and younger audience. From the start, Snapchat approached news differently from other social networks. While Facebook has said it is not a media company and does not want to be an arbiter of truth in news on its website, Snapchat has long prohibited false or deceptive content and is thoroughly involved in editorial standards for content on Discover. In a blog post published when Discover began, Snapchat said: “Social media companies tell us what to read based on what’s most recent or most popular. We see it differently. We count on editors and artists, not clicks and shares, to determine what’s important. ” As a result, Snapchat has always exercised a large degree of control over Discover. To secure a place on Discover, publishers have had to agree to fairly stringent guidelines around editing and video production, including having audio play at a consistent volume and a ban on images that are misleading or gimmicky. Snapchat also mandated that all images and headlines be appropriate for an audience as young as 13 years old. Discover has grown quickly. More than 100 million Snapchat users view content on Discover each month, according to the company. While some publishers said people were initially slow to embrace Discover, interest has increased over the past year. Tastemade, which publishes different editions for different areas around the world on Discover, said it had been pleased enough with the size of its Snapchat audience that it planned to grow with Snapchat as it rolled out worldwide. Still, Snapchat has not been able to entirely sidestep criticism about what it shows on Discover. In July, a   lawsuit filed against the company alleged that Discover intentionally exposed minors “to harmful, offensive, prurient and sexually offensive content without warning minors or their parents that they would be exposed to such explicit content. ” The lawsuit cited examples of inappropriate content on Discover, like a post from BuzzFeed that sexualized images from Disney movies and a post from Cosmopolitan, with photos, about a performance artist who let strangers touch her genitalia. While the lawsuit was dismissed in November because the sides agreed to settle, Snapchat said it had decided to take action in response to the litigation. It soon created a new tool, which Snapchat said it had been discussing for a while, that let publishers prevent Snapchat users who were under age 18 from seeing certain content. When people sign up for Snapchat, they must enter their age and a phone number that is confirmed by the service. Snapchat also reserves the right to gate content for youngsters, even if a publisher has chosen not to do so. In updating its publisher guidelines, Snapchat aimed to clarify vague language and provide more examples around its restrictions on the use of nudity, profanity and violent images. The new rules more clearly state that publishers should not use overly sexualized or violent images as the initial visual that users are exposed to when they look at Discover and that content intended simply to shock or disgust is not allowed. Some exceptions are made for   material that has news value. For the first time, the guidelines have a dedicated section detailing the warnings that publishers must run when graphic images are deemed newsworthy, as well as when to   that content. Some of these updates came out of conversations that began months ago with several publishers that routinely published racier content, including The Daily Mail and Cosmopolitan, as well as news services that published controversial images. “We have been collaborating closely with all of our publishers, whose content has continued to evolve,” said Nick Bell, Snapchat’s vice president for content. “We want to be a great partner to all of our editorial partners, and updating our content guidelines to better reflect where our platform is today is an important part of that. ” One of the publishers that talked with Snapchat about the new rules was Sweet, a   channel created by the media company Hearst, which said its viewership on Discover had grown substantially over the past few months. Ross Clark, Sweet’s general manager and vice president, likened the updated guidelines to a parental advisory sticker on an album or to ratings on movies. “The media industry has always included clearly established content guidelines,” Mr. Clark said. “It’s what allows a platform to have a large, diverse set of users. ”",0
9176,Putin says its too early for him to retire,"Putin says its too early for him to retire 28 October 2016 TASS Putin expressed this opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi. Facebook putin , politics , russia 
Russian President Vladimir Putin believes the time has not yet come for him to retire. He expressed this opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi. 
""The moderator wished me a pleasant retirement, I have the same wish for myself, only when the time comes. This is the right thing that needs to be done but I haven’t retired yet, I am an acting head of a large state so I should be reserved, and refrain from expressing unnecessary aggressiveness,"" Putin said. 
According to him, belligerence is not his style. Nevertheless, he was confident that in front of the Valdai Club audience one should be very honest otherwise the discussion would be boring and dry. 
First published by TASS .",0
9177,MILO: Eugenics Is Alive And Well At Planned Parenthood - Breitbart,"Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO likened Planned Parenthood to eugenics during his talk at Cal Poly State University on Tuesday, citing the amount of black babies aborted every year.[  “Progressives like to insinuate that there is something sinister about Big Oil and Big Tobacco. They might even be right! But Planned Parenthood, Big Abortion, is worse,” proclaimed MILO. “We were all shocked when undercover tapes came out showing they are in the business of selling baby parts to the medical industry. Can you imagine, and I don’t think this is a stretch, the senior leaders of Planned Parenthood sitting in a conference room discussing the best timing for an abortion, to maximize their profits from the dead baby’s body? It’s horrifying, and it’s what feminists want more of. ” “Planned Parenthood can attribute a good portion of their boffo   business to their president since 2006, Cecile Richards,” he continued. “Richards is well on her way to personally matching Hitler’s body count. We’ve done the grim maths so you don’t have to. ” “Using a conservative estimate of 300, 000 abortions a year  —   or 300 kiloscrapes, using the technical metric measure  —   Cecile Richards has presided over three million abortions, or three megascrapes in her ten years as president of the organisation,” MILO stated. “This has earned her ‘half Holocaust’ status. Full Holocaust seems eminently reachable given Planned Parenthood’s growing hegemony in the abortion industry. ” MILO continued to add that these statistics were just since “Richards took charge,” and didn’t include abortions performed prior to 2006. “Planned Parenthood has since 1970 performed 7 million abortions, comfortably surpassing Hitler according to its own annual reports,” added MILO. “You have to admire the chutzpah, if you’ll forgive my terminology: Planned Parenthood has amassed a Third   death count completely legally and while pocketing half a billion dollars a year to do so. But under Richards the numbers have skyrocketed such that in just the last ten years, at least 3 million young lives were ended. ” “If Cecile stays in her post another decade, she will reach ‘full Hitler,’ by matching the six million deaths of the Holocaust. In fact it’ll probably be sooner than that, given the acceleration in procedures during her reign,” he continued. “The road ahead may be rocky. Besides the undercover videos still being released, some media sources are starting to cover the revolting practices of these sociopathic monsters. Nice normal people, whatever their views on abortion, have no stomach for these unashamed   activities. And perhaps President Trump will defund them. ” “If you need to hear more about Margaret Sanger, here’s something she once said. She was inarguably racist,” MILO explained. “She spoke glowingly about a presentation to a group of KKK women in New Jersey, and they loved her messaging about the black race. Messaging like this, in a letter to Dr. Clarence Gamble:” We do not want word to get out that we want to exterminate the Negro population and the minister is the man who can straighten out the idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members. “Margaret Sanger’s goal was to diminish the black race, and one can argue she was at least partially successful. Stats about abortion by race are not always easy to find, but nonetheless paint a compelling picture about the race reality of abortion,” proclaimed MILO. “In 2012, there were more black children aborted in New York City than born alive. More than 31, 000 compared to just under 25, 000 live births. Blacks accounted for 42% of the abortions in the city, with Hispanic women accounting for another 31%. That’s 73% of all abortions in the city killing black and Hispanic youth. ” “Other national data from the Center for   Reform asserts that black women are 3 times more likely to have an abortion than white women,” he concluded. “So isn’t it fascinating that intersectional   feminists fighting for abortion and so often    with Black Lives Matter? To any BLM members tucked away in the audience, I can conclusively say that feminists are one group that do not believe black lives matter at all. ” Written from prepared remarks.",0
9179,The 5 Easiest and 5 Most Difficult Promises for Donald Trump to Keep - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump made many sweeping promises on his way to victory on Election Day. After he takes the oath of office on Jan. 20, here are five of the most difficult and five of the easiest promises to keep: THE DIFFICULT ONES Prevent American companies from moving jobs to other countries. Companies move to other countries to pursue higher profits, and Mr. Trump cannot force them to stay. The question is whether he can make it profitable to do so. It is difficult because labor is much cheaper in other countries. Carrier pays workers at its Indiana factory an average hourly wage of $23  —   roughly four times what it plans to pay workers with the same jobs in Mexico. Mr. Trump has promised tax cuts and regulatory relief, but those are minor expenses for most companies, particularly in comparison to their payrolls. Mr. Trump also has threatened to impose new taxes on imports, but he cannot target particular companies. Any such tariffs would have to be broad  —   and therefore broadly painful. Revive American   and   industries. The productivity of the American coal industry has increased roughly tenfold since the end of World War II. The work that once required 10 miners now requires just one. Steel making has undergone a similar transformation. That is by far the most important reason employment in both industries has declined precipitously. Most of those jobs are never coming back. Demand for coal has also declined thanks to a revolution in the production of natural gas and, to a lesser extent, other alternative energy sources. This, too, is a development that Mr. Trump lacks the power to reverse. Increase American economic growth to more than 4 percent a year. There are only two ways to increase economic growth: Increase the number of workers, or increase productivity, the amount the average worker produces. The news is not good on either front. The growth of the American work force is slowing as baby boomers retire and families have fewer children. And Mr. Trump has promised new restrictions on immigration, limiting another source of workers. At the same time, productivity has increased over the last decade at an average annual pace of just 1. 3 percent  —   and there is little evidence that faster growth is in the offing. The result is that annual economic growth has averaged 2. 1 percent in the six full years since the last recession, and is on a similar trajectory this year. There are few obvious means for Mr. Trump to deliver on his promise. Invest in infrastructure to create jobs. Mr. Trump will find bipartisan support in Congress for his proposal to create jobs and stimulate the economy by building and repairing highways, bridges, water systems and other public works. But many Republicans may balk at a big spending program that adds to the federal budget deficit. Some Democrats will resist Mr. Trump’s proposal to offer tax breaks to private companies in return for infrastructure investments, notably because the federal government is able to borrow money at exceptionally low rates. Democrats are also likely to resist efforts to waive environmental rules or   protections for construction projects. Build a border wall. Mr. Trump promised to “build a great, great wall on our southern border” and “have Mexico pay for that wall. ” Fulfilling this promise would be difficult, though perhaps not impossible if Mr. Trump stretches the definition of “wall. ” Fences already exist along hundreds of miles of the border. Mexico has said it will not pay for a wall. And even if it did, Mr. Trump would probably need approval from Congress to spend money. Mr. Trump could do much to beef up border security on his own. Congress would support increased border security and the installation of more fencing, but construction of a wall would meet resistance from both parties. THE EASIER ONES Withdraw from the   Partnership. Mr. Trump pledged that on his first day in office he would give notice that the United States intends to withdraw from the   Partnership, a trade agreement the Obama administration negotiated with other Pacific Rim nations that is awaiting ratification. Though Mr. Trump has the authority to carry out this promise, other participants, including Japan and Australia, have expressed hope that he will reconsider. If not, they may pursue regional trade deals that exclude the United States. End the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. The program, which President Obama announced to protect undocumented immigrants who entered the country as minors, was created by presidential fiat and it can be ended just as easily. Mr. Trump has repeatedly promised to do so. He has not said whether he will deprive current participants of protection, or simply prevent new enrollments. Allow the Keystone XL pipeline to move forward. Pipelines that run between the United States and Canada must obtain presidential approval. In November 2015, President Obama refused to grant permission to the Keystone XL pipeline, which would carry oil from the tar sands of Canada to the southern edge of Nebraska, where it would connect to existing pipelines. Mr. Trump has encouraged the company behind the project, TransCanada, to submit a new application once he takes office. He also has suggested, however, that TransCanada should share its profits with taxpayers. Nominate a Supreme Court justice.  Mr. Trump says that in his first 100 days, he will begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from his list of 21 judges “who will uphold and defend the U. S. Constitution. ” This promise will be easy to keep. Just winnowing the names of court candidates could qualify as beginning the process of replacing Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February. Reduce federal business and personal taxes. Mr. Trump has promised to reduce federal taxation of businesses and households. Congressional Republicans have expressed support for a broadly similar approach. The details have derailed past efforts to overhaul the tax code, but Republican control of both Congress and the White House increases the chances that Mr. Trump will succeed.",0
9180,"Decades After ‘Boom-Boom Room’ Suit, Bias Persists for Women - The New York Times","  years after a   at Smith Barney sexually assaulted her at work, Lisa Mays says she still trembles when she tells the story. It was early one morning at the Walnut Creek, Calif. branch when a   broker, the only other person in the building, followed Ms. Mays into her office and backed her into a corner. “Before I knew it, he was lifting my skirt to get into my tights and I was begging him to stop,” she recalled in an interview. The assault was cut short when another employee arrived. “And then, he just walked away like nothing happened,” Ms. Mays said of her attacker. Ms. Mays, who worked as a wire operator, entering trade orders into the system for brokers, was one of 23 women who sued Smith Barney for sexual harassment and pay discrimination in an explosive   lawsuit filed 20 years ago this month. It became known as the “  room” suit, named after a basement party room at Smith Barney’s branch office in Garden City, N. Y. Nearly 2, 000 women joined the case, exposing the sordid antics of Wall Street’s   culture. Smith Barney paid $150 million in arbitration awards and settlements in the case, and it and other Wall Street firms rushed to set up   training, employee hotlines and programs to recruit women. Twenty years later, permanent change is less obvious. “You may no longer have strippers coming for afternoon entertainment, but that doesn’t mean you are treated as an equal,” said Anne C. Vladeck of the New York employment law firm Vladeck, Raskin  Clark. “It’s not quite as blatant as what went on in the   room, but it’s still there in a way that makes it very hard for women to succeed. Companies on Wall Street are just not changing. ” Complaints persist about pay and promotion disparities and a lack of women in senior management roles, and frustrations are growing about the limited ability of individuals to seek damages in court. Brokerage firms today say they deal swiftly with harassers and have developed programs to mentor and showcase   women. Branch managers at Morgan Stanley, which operated a brokerage joint venture with Smith Barney until acquiring it in 2013, can earn up to an additional $150, 000 a year by recruiting and developing diverse advisers, a spokesman said. Last year, nearly 50 percent of financial adviser trainees hired were female or members of minority groups, he added. He declined to say what percentage of the firm’s current brokers are women. Women are slowly joining the senior ranks of Wall Street firms. Last year, women at Deutsche Bank represented 20. 5 percent of the firm’s directors and managing directors, up from 17. 1 percent in 2011, according to its 2015 human resources report. Goldman Sachs’s latest class of managing directors was 25 percent female, the highest proportion since that title was created in the  . The least progress has been made in pay. Last week, a managing director at Bank of America Merrill Lynch filed a   complaint in federal court in New York, noting that her 2015 bonus was $1. 55 million while her male counterpart’s was $5. 5 million. The bank has a “bros club” culture, the complaint says. A bank spokesman said, “We take all allegations of inappropriate behavior seriously and investigate them thoroughly. ” Last year, women filled 31 percent of jobs in the “securities, commodities and financial services sales agents” group tracked by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, but they earned only 52 cents for every dollar that men made, according to a study released last month by the Institute for Women’s Policy Research in Washington. Among 119 job categories analyzed in the study, that group had the largest gender pay gap. By comparison, women on average make 79 cents for every dollar men make. “It’s unbelievable,” said Ariane Hegewisch, a program director at the institute and   of the study. “I get calls from women who have come across our work and they say, ‘What do I do? ’” Ms. Hegewisch said that today’s female brokers repeatedly complain that men are circumventing reforms. The 1996 suit against Smith Barney, as well as one in 1997 against Merrill Lynch, drew attention to the widespread practice of branch managers’ excluding of women when it was time to assign the accounts of departing brokers. Morgan Stanley’s spokesman said the company today uses a formulaic,   process for distributing accounts. Ms. Hegewisch said, however, that senior male brokers at some firms were “forming teams of young white guys to work with old white guys, which means the accounts stay on the team and don’t get distributed” when older brokers retire. In the   room era, some women complained that they couldn’t become brokers at all. Roberta Thomann, a former sales assistant and one of the three women in the Smith Barney Garden City office who initiated the lawsuit, said in an interview that her bosses stopped her from studying for the exam to become a broker. “They gave my books to a male sales assistant so that he could study,” Ms. Thomann said. “I never even got a chance. ” Linda D. Friedman, one of the lawyers who represented Ms. Thomann and the others, said that would not happen today. Neither would the “open and celebrated” brand of harassment of that era, she said. Still, big producers can get special treatment. Ms. Mays’s attacker, for example, worked at Smith Barney, and then Morgan Stanley, for another 24 years after the episode at her office, despite her having reported it to his supervisor. Julie   a former compliance supervisor at Deutsche Bank Securities, said in a 2010 lawsuit that a   was promoted to managing director “despite having such a poor record on sexual harassment that DB will not permit him to have a female administrative assistant. ” In court papers, Deutsche Bank denied the allegation. In an email statement, a Deutsche Bank spokeswoman said it promptly investigates allegations of gender discrimination and takes disciplinary action where appropriate. Some of the behavior depicted in cases rivals the indignities of the   room, the Smith Barney party room that the lead plaintiff, Pamela K. Martens, had visited once, only to be grabbed by her branch manager and kissed on the lips. Maria Garcia, a former Barclays Capital sales executive, described a similar incident at a conference in Bogotá, Colombia, in 2011, in her discrimination case, which is still in progress. In her complaint, Ms. Garcia said she was at a business dinner when a male director at Barclays stopped by and kissed her on the lips in front of members of her team. She said that when she told her boss about the episode after returning to New York, he made it clear that he preferred she not report it to human resources. A Barclays spokesman said the firm denies that Ms. Garcia was subjected to unlawful treatment. A manager who left Deutsche Bank in 2010 was described in a deposition as being so intoxicated during an evening out that he “urinated against a wall in front of his employees. ” In a court filing, the bank called the incident “hearsay. ” To Ms. Martens, who was a broker at Smith Barney, the biggest disappointment is that mandatory arbitration persists. She opted out of the settlement over the issue and never received money from the case. The Smith Barney litigants devoted eight of their complaint’s 41 pages to criticisms of the practice of forcing employees to arbitrate civil rights claims. “We felt that the underpinning of this abuse, whether it was physical abuse or sexual abuse or sexual assaults or sexual harassment, was the private justice system that Wall Street had carved out for itself,” Ms. Martens said in an interview. “I wanted to come away with ending mandatory arbitration for the entire industry, but, at a minimum, for civil rights cases. ” She did not get her wish. Ms. Friedman, the lawyer, said that about 90 percent of the Wall Street women she represents do not have the option of going to court today. Typically, they agree to this in a “Dear Prospective Employee” letter that must be signed if they want the job, she said. Increasingly, firms are prohibiting employees from participating in class actions. Morgan Stanley has mandatory arbitration and a   waiver. “You couldn’t bring the   room case today,” Ms. Friedman said. “The biggest problem we face now is that the courthouse doors are closing. ”",0
9181,"Donald Trump, Indonesia, Aleppo: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1.   Donald J. Trump picked a retired Marine general, an advocate of China and a close ally of the fossil fuel industry for three crucial posts. Gen. John F. Kelly, above, a retired Marine general, will be nominated as secretary of homeland security, and Gov. Terry E. Branstad of Iowa was named ambassador to China. Mr. Branstad is close to President Xi Jinping of China, whom he has known since 1985. Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general, was chosen to run the Environmental Protection Agency. _____ 2. Mr. Trump, who was named Time magazine’s person of the year, said in a   interview on NBC’s “Today” show that Mitt Romney remained a candidate for secretary of state. Mr. Trump did not dispute the interviewer’s comparison of his campaign promises to crack down on undocumented immigrants he considers dangerous to comments made by the Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, about annihilating drug dealers and users. A Times photojournalist documented 57 homicides over 35 days in Mr. Duterte’s bloody crackdown. (Warning: graphic images.) _____ 3. An earthquake on the Indonesian island of Sumatra killed scores of people while they slept. Rescue teams are searching for victims and survivors, but the death toll is nearing 100, and more are feared dead. The quake, which struck after 5 a. m. had a preliminary magnitude of 6. 5, and at least five aftershocks followed. _____ 4. We talked to Edgar Welch, the    who is in jail after firing a gun inside a Washington pizzeria. Mr. Welch said he first learned about the fake news story suggesting Hillary Clinton was linked to a child trafficking ring being run out of the restaurant through word of mouth, then looked it up online. “The intel on this wasn’t 100 percent,” he said. He has two kids and said that he didn’t vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. _____ 5. “We are trapped under bombs. ” The Twitter account shared by a    girl in Aleppo, Bana   and her mother has captured global attention with posts about bombs, death and despair. It has also raised questions about authenticity. Syrian government forces appear to be pushing deeper into the city. _____ 6. For the first time in decades, powerful rival law firms have joined forces to file suits nationwide on a polarizing social issue: gun control. “There is an epidemic of gun violence in this country, and the law can save innocent lives without infringing constitutional rights,” a partner at one of the firms said. _____ 7. This is the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the United States naval base in Hawaii, where more than 2, 000 Americans were killed. We spoke with John Morris, above, a photojournalist whose 25th birthday was underway when editors called to tell him of the attack. Now celebrating his 100th birthday, he reflected on a career largely defined by war, saying, “Mankind is not as bright as one would hope. ” _____ 8. A cancer patient who was twice rejected from a study may hold the key to new treatment options for thousands of people. Celine Ryan, above, had advanced colon cancer that spread to her lungs when she was accepted for an experimental treatment that used cells from her own immune system. Today, she has no signs of cancer. _____ 9. The gadget age is over, our tech columnist declares. The little electronic things that did stuff for you  —   from transistor radios to the Walkman, iPods and GoPros and Fitbits  —   have been replaced by the “Thing That Does Everything” (better known as a smartphone). _____ 10. Phil Jackson, president of the New York Knicks, has a nickname: Zen Master. The team has been taking part in mindfulness exercises since Mr. Jackson took over in 2014. This year, he began leading the sessions himself. Players told us that they found the exercises useful, even if they were not quite sure what they were doing. _____ 11. Finally, we’ve gathered our film critics and asked them to share their picks for the best movies of the year. Their selections veer away from box office hits. Only two movies made the lists of all three critics: “Moonlight,” above, and “O. J.: Made In America. ” _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
9182,Alt-Right Gathering Exults in Trump Election With Nazi-Era Salute - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   By the time Richard B. Spencer, the leading ideologue of the   movement and the final speaker of the night, rose to address a gathering of his followers on Saturday, the crowd was restless. In 11 hours of speeches and panel discussions in a federal building named after Ronald Reagan a few blocks from the White House, a succession of speakers had laid out a harsh vision for the future, but had denounced violence and said that Hispanic citizens and black Americans had nothing to fear. Earlier in the day, Mr. Spencer himself had urged the group to start acting less like an underground organization and more like the establishment. But now his tone changed as he began to tell the audience of more than 200 people, mostly young men, what they had been waiting to hear. He railed against Jews and, with a smile, quoted Nazi propaganda in the original German. America, he said, belonged to white people, whom he called the “children of the sun,” a race of conquerors and creators who had been marginalized but now, in the era of   Donald J. Trump, were “awakening to their own identity. ” As he finished, several audience members had their arms outstretched in a Nazi salute. Mr. Spencer called out: “Hail Trump! Hail our people!” and then, “Hail victory!”  —   the English translation of the Nazi exhortation “Sieg Heil!” The room shouted back. These are exultant times for the   movement, which was little known until this year, when it embraced Mr. Trump’s campaign and he appeared to embrace it back. He chose as his campaign chairman Stephen K. Bannon, the media executive who ran the  ’s most prominent platform, Breitbart News, and then named him as a senior adviser and chief strategist. Now the movement’s leaders hope to have, if not a seat at the table, at least the ear of the Trump White House. While many of its racist views are well known  —   that President Obama is, or may as well be, of foreign birth that the Black Lives Matter movement is another name for black race rioters that even the   children of undocumented Hispanic immigrants should be deported  —   the   has been difficult to define. Is it a name for   political provocateurs in the internet era? Or is it a political movement defined by xenophobia and a dislike for political correctness? At the conference on Saturday, Mr. Spencer, who said he had coined the term, defined the   as a movement with white identity as its core idea. “We’ve crossed the Rubicon in terms of recognition,” Mr. Spencer said at the conference, which was sponsored by his organization, the National Policy Institute. And while much of the discourse at the conference was overtly racist and demeaning toward minorities, for much of the day the sentiments were expressed in ways that seemed intended to not sound too menacing. The focus was on how whites were marginalized and beleaguered. One speaker, Peter Brimelow, the founder of Vdare. com, an   website, asked why, if Hispanics had the National Council of La Raza and Jews had the   League, whites were reluctant to organize for their rights. Some speakers made an effort to distance themselves from more notorious white power organizations like the Ku Klux Klan. But as the night wore on and most reporters had gone home, the language changed. Mr. Spencer’s   speech began with a polemic against the “mainstream media,” before he briefly paused. “Perhaps we should refer to them in the original German?” he said. The audience immediately screamed back, “Lügenpresse,” reviving a   word that means “lying press. ” Mr. Spencer suggested that the news media had been critical of Mr. Trump throughout the campaign in order to protect Jewish interests. He mused about the political commentators who gave Mr. Trump little chance of winning. “One wonders if these people are people at all, or instead soulless golem,” he said, referring to a Jewish fable about the golem, a clay giant that a rabbi brings to life to protect the Jews. Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. Spencer said, was “the victory of will,” a phrase that echoed the title of the most famous   propaganda film. But Mr. Spencer then mentioned, with a smile, Theodor Herzl, the Zionist leader who advocated a Jewish homeland in Israel, quoting his famous pronouncement, “If we will it, it is no dream. ” The United States today, Mr. Spencer said, had been turned into “a sick, corrupted society. ” But it was not supposed to be that way. “America was, until this last generation, a white country designed for ourselves and our posterity,” Mr. Spencer thundered. “It is our creation, it is our inheritance, and it belongs to us. ” But the white race, he added, is “a race that travels forever on an upward path. ” “To be white is to be a creator, an explorer, a conqueror,” he said. More members of the audience were on their feet as Mr. Spencer described the choice facing white people as to “conquer or die. ” Of other races, Mr. Spencer said: “We don’t exploit other groups, we don’t gain anything from their presence. They need us, and not the other way around. ” The ties between the   movement and the Trump team are difficult to define, even by members of the  . Mr. Bannon was the chief executive of Breitbart, an online news organization that has fed the lie that Mr. Obama is a   Muslim. As recently as last year, Breitbart published an   article urging that “every tree, every rooftop, every picket fence, every telegraph pole in the South should be festooned with the Confederate battle flag. ” Mr. Bannon told  Mother Jones this year that Breitbart was now “the platform for the  . ” But in an interview last week with The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Bannon said that the   was only “a tiny part” of the viewpoint represented on Breitbart. “Our definition of the   is younger people who are   very nationalist, terribly ” he told The Journal, adding that the   had “some racial and   overtones. ” When asked about Mr. Bannon, the conference’s speakers said that they might have shaken his hand on occasion, but that they did not know him well. Mr. Brimelow said that he had met “Mr. Bannon once, earlier this summer, before he ascended to Olympus. ” He said he had told Mr. Bannon that he was doing great work at Breitbart. “He agreed,” Mr. Brimelow recalled to the audience. As for Mr. Trump, Mr. Brimelow said he had met him about 30 years ago at a “conservative affinity meeting” in Manhattan. But that was it. “Trump and Steve Bannon are not   people,” Mr. Brimelow said, adding that they had opportunistically seized on two issues that the   cares most about  —   stopping immigration and fighting political correctness  —   and used them to mobilize white voters. Mr. Spencer said that while he did not think the   should be considered   “I do think we have a psychic connection, or you can say a deeper connection, with Donald Trump in a way that we simply do not have with most Republicans. ” White identity, he said, is at the core of both the   movement and the Trump movement, even if most voters for Mr. Trump “aren’t willing to articulate it as such. ” At various points, he and other speakers outlined where they differed from Mr. Trump. They see him as too beholden to Israel. They do not see any reason to start a trade war with China, and they are not necessarily opposed to the Iran nuclear deal. For them, immigration is the most potent mobilizing issue, less for economic reasons than because of the prospect that white Americans will someday represent less than half of the population of the country. For the   the most exciting thing about Mr. Trump was that he built a campaign around the issues that mattered most to them, and that white people had voted for him in numbers that left the political establishments of both parties stunned. Now, Mr. Spencer said, it is up to the   to formulate the ideas and policies to guide the new administration. “I think we can be the ones out in front, thinking about those things he hasn’t quite grasped yet, who are putting forward policies,” Mr. Spencer said, that “have a realistic chance of being implemented. ”",0
9183,The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life - The New York Times,"On Thursdays, the nonprofit organization Footsteps hosts a   group for its membership of formerly   Jews, who mostly refer to themselves as “off the derech. ” “Derech” means “path” in Hebrew, and “off the derech,” or O. T. D. for short, is how their   families and friends refer to them when they break away from these   impermeable communities, as in: “Did you hear that Shaindel’s daughter Rivkie is off the derech? I heard she has a smartphone and has been going to museums. ” So even though the term is burdened with the yoke of the very thing they are trying to flee, members remain huddled together under “O. T. D. ” on their blogs and in their Facebook groups, where their favored hashtag is #itgetsbesser  —   besser meaning “better” in Yiddish. Sometimes someone will pop up on a message board or in an email group and say, “Shouldn’t we decide to call ourselves something else?” But it never takes. Reclamations are messy. At the   session I attended, 10 men and women in their 20s and 30s sat around a coffee table. Some of them were dressed like me, in jeans and American casualwear, and others wore the clothing of their upbringings: long skirts and   shirts for women black velvet skullcaps and long, virgin beards and payot (untrimmed side locks) for men. Half of them had extricated themselves from their communities and were navigating new, secular lives. But half still lived among their Hasidic and   sects in areas of New York City, New Jersey and the Hudson Valley and were secretly dipping their toes into the secular world  —   attending these meetings, but also doing things as simple as walking down the street without head coverings, or trying on pants in a clothing store, or eating a nonkosher doughnut, or using the internet. They had families at home who believed they were in evening Torah learning sessions, or out for a walk, or at synagogue for evening prayers. On the coffee table were two pizzas, one kosher, one nonkosher. The kosher pizza tasted better, but only a couple of people ate it. The group was facilitated by a Footsteps social worker, Jesse Pietroniro,   and kind, who had told me that he had his own conflicted religious upbringing. He allowed the attendees to democratically settle on a loose theme for the evening. One woman in her early 20s brought up sexuality. She had started to date and wasn’t quite sure what the norms were. A young man talked about how hard it was for him to interact with women casually outside his community, since he was taught that sexual desire outside the intent to procreate means that one is a sexual predator, so anytime he was attracted to someone, he worried he was going to do something untoward, or that he was a kind of monster. The young woman who had suggested the theme said she didn’t know when exactly to submit to kissing  —   the first date? The second? Is she a slut if she kisses at all? Is it still bad nowadays to be a slut? She’d heard girls talking on the subway and calling each other sluts, and they were laughing. Are there rules for this? A few of them made sex jokes. The O. T. D. ers, newly alive in a world of puns and innuendo, love a    sex joke. The social worker narrowed his eyes and pursed his lips and tapped a finger to his chin and nodded and opened the question up to the group. (I was allowed to document the meeting on the condition that I wouldn’t publish anyone’s name or descriptive information.) Another woman in her early 20s, sitting on the sofa in jeans with one leg slung over its arm, told us she had spent most of her life being molested by her father. She told the group that recently she had taken to advertising online, saying she followed the laws of family purity  —   going to a ritual bath after menstruation, not having sex during her “unclean” week  —   and that she was available for sex in exchange for money.   men visited her at all hours, and they cheated on their wives, having sex with this ritually pure young woman in her apartment. When the men finished, they told her what a shame it was that she was off the derech, that she seemed nice, that she should try again at a religious life. A man, 30ish, still with a beard that he now trimmed closely to his face, talked about staying with his religious wife, who knew he was no longer religious but wouldn’t join him on the other side. He knew the marriage should be over, but he wouldn’t leave, and he couldn’t bring himself to cheat on her, and he wanted to know if he was unable to cheat on her because he was bound up by his religious values or because he was innately a good person. Another married man said that you don’t need to be taught in a religious context not to cheat on your wife  —   it’s a tenet of secular marriage as well, and what the whole operation often depends on. “I guess I just don’t know if I’m a good person because I’m a good person,” said the guy who wanted to cheat but might not, “or if I’m a good person because I was taught to be a good person. ” They went around in circles for many minutes, most of them summoning scriptural sources on whether morality is inherent, then other sources to make or disprove that point, then laughing at the fact that they’d summoned Scripture. The married man who was deciding if he should have sex outside his marriage put his head in his hands, then through his hair and made a great, guttural noise of frustration. They all took a breath and laughed at themselves again, and then they went silent, and in their silence was their uncertainty, now familiar, of whether these questions would ever be answered, and if they could talk enough about it to the point where they would ever feel normal. God, would it ever feel normal? Footsteps was started in 2003 by a college student named Malkie Schwartz, who grew up in the Lubavitch sect in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, and who knew after high school that she wanted to step off the community’s moving walkway to marriage and motherhood. She moved in with a grandmother who wasn’t religious and enrolled at Hunter College on the Upper East Side. But just because she left her community didn’t mean that she felt part of the secular one. She started Footsteps as a   group right there at Hunter and told a couple of formerly religious friends what she was doing. About 20 people showed up to the first meeting. Soon they had a G. E. D. study group  —   and a     group, so that they could learn about sex education, which was normally taught to the   only in the days leading up to their weddings. Footsteps became a chrysalis for them through which they would leap into their new lives, just as soon as they figured out exactly how to live them. Schwartz eventually left the organization in the hands of nonprofit professionals  —   Footsteps was a chrysalis for her, too  —   and went to law school. Today, Footsteps is a 501( c)(3) with an executive director, social workers, scholarships,   programs and special events like fashion nights, at which members learn about modern style outside the realm of    dresses and suits and hats.   communities, whose leaders stand vigil against outside influences, know about Footsteps about half the people I met in Footsteps first heard of it when they were accused by someone in their family of being a member. It’s hard to talk about O. T. D. ers as a group, because like the rest of us, like   people, too, they are individuals. No two people who practice religion do it exactly the same way, despite how much it seems to the secular world that they rally around sameness and no one who leaves it leaves the same way, either. In the region of New York City, New Jersey, and the Hudson Valley that Footsteps serves, 546, 000   Jews live in one of about five different sects. With a few exceptions, like the Skver sect in New Square, N. Y. which has actual boundaries and operates its own schools, the   live not in cloistered neighborhoods, but among secular America in Crown Heights, Flatbush and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and beyond. Perhaps it’s easiest to think of them as living in a different dimension  —   occupying the same space but speaking a different language (Yiddish, for the most part) attending different schools, seeing their own doctors, handling judicial issues among themselves and eating their own food from their own markets. So once they leave, if they leave, they learn how ill equipped they are for survival outside their home neighborhoods, and that has a lot to do with the ways that   communities are valuable and good: the daily cycle of prayer and school and learning how people share goals about family and values how neighbors support one another during times of need. Once that’s gone, and all a person has is her mostly   education and little familial support and no real skills, life gets scary. For those who leave and are married with children, the community tends to embrace the spouse left behind and help raise funds for legal support to help that person retain custody of the children. You could be someone with a spouse and children one day and find yourself completely alone the next. I learned about Footsteps in 2015, after the very public suicide of one of its young members. Her name was Faigy Mayer, and on a hot night in July, she went to the top of 230 Fifth Avenue in the Flatiron district, where there’s a rooftop bar, and jumped. In death, she became something of a brief symbol (and also a lightning rod) for the O. T. D. movement, with her story plastered across local papers, many illustrated by a Facebook image of her holding a paintbrush and standing in front of a newly painted mural that said “Life is Beautiful. ” As news of her death broke in the New York tabloids and the Jewish papers, seemingly all the   and Orthodox people I know (who number in the hundreds  —   but more on that later) converged on my Facebook page to wonder if the suicide of Faigy Mayer was a case of mental illness or if suicidal tendencies were a condition inherent to the kind of person who would leave a secure and comfortable community in favor of a large world with no guarantees, a world that you’d been warned would reject you. What kind of person wants to leave safety and start from the beginning, sounding different from everyone else, not knowing what to say, not knowing how to make a living  —   not knowing how to read past a   level, because English is taught as an afterthought, if at all, in many of these schools? The conversation on my Facebook page was like the ones that happen between Republicans and Democrats after mass shootings: Half the posts said that we should not be looking at religious society as a cause of mental illness. The other half responded that in many   communities, the mentally ill don’t get help not because it isn’t available to them but because there’s a stigma of bad genetics that could make a person less attractive in later marital matchmaking. And does someone have to be mentally ill to feel hopeless after being rejected by her family? Does someone have to be extraordinarily sick to succumb to the despair she feels after having ventured out into a world where she is all alone, without the skills to survive? “I can’t think of many members who haven’t, at one time or another in their journeys, contemplated suicide because they have felt they have no other options,” says Lani Santo, the executive director of Footsteps. Meaning, by the time Faigy died, they were used to this. On the night of her death, the lights stayed on at Footsteps, and members came in for an impromptu   group. The social workers reached out to the members they knew to be struggling and encouraged them to come in and talk. They planned a memorial for a few weeks later. There were two notable O. T. D. deaths in the last few years. A year and a half before, it was Deb Tambor, who overdosed on pills and vodka, surrounded by the pictures of the three children she lost custody of when she left her Skver sect in Monsey. A year after that, Joey Diangello, 34, overdosed after becoming a powerful force in protesting child abuse in   communities he said he was raped in a ritual bath by an adult when he was 7. After I heard about Faigy’s death, I interviewed people who knew her, hoping to be able to paint a portrait I ultimately couldn’t. Her family relationships had been too contentious, and only a few of her family members would speak with me. Her friends told me different stories, but ultimately, the only thing I could say about her was that she was sick and didn’t get the care she needed. On the night of a Footsteps Thanksgiving celebration, I returned home to news that Faigy’s older sister, Sara, who was religious and had just been released from a psychiatric facility, had hanged herself in her parents’ home. Shmuly was among the Footsteps members who knew Faigy. By the time of her memorial service, he had been O. T. D. for several years, having understood since elementary school that there was a world beyond 60th Street in Borough Park, Brooklyn. All he ever wanted was to know more about it. He was afraid of being married off after high school and so went to Israel for yeshiva (and then to India and then to Thailand) and staved off marital offers, until one day he found Footsteps and enrolled in the G. E. D. course there. Shmuly had known he wanted to go to college ever since he was   $7 best sellers he found on the rack at Duane Reade. He loved the story “The Cop and the Anthem,” by O. Henry he read the abridged version of “The Call of the Wild” over and over. But his school would not release his transcripts for college applications, and so he spent a year of intense study in the computer labs at Footsteps, starting with the English language and basic long division and ending with his G. E. D. He couldn’t learn enough about philosophy and art. He loved the     like secessionist art and Dadaism he loved the tension between the old and new ideas of the art world, and how certain art was rejected as if it were corrupting or dangerous. He enrolled at Hunter College to study art history. He’s 27 now, tall and smiley and   and polite. His English is noticeably inflected with Yiddish: His T is aspirated and dentalized instead of glottalized  —   in “certain” and “button,” he pronounces the T, whereas most Americans just swallow it in the back of our mouths. His O vowel is less diphthongized than most American speech, and he tends to avoid contractions. He says words like “hair” and “bear” as “hear” and “beer. ” It doesn’t bother Shmuly that he sounds different “Yiddish is very hipster now,” he says. I also met Malky, who knew Faigy Mayer but hadn’t been close with her. Malky was from a prominent family who lived in an Israeli community so strict that when tourists walked through in short sleeves and shorts, they literally stoned them. In the summer, Malky would complain about the black tights she had to wear, how hot a Middle Eastern July could be, and her mother would say, “Well, hell is hotter. ” When they moved to the States, Malky taught art classes to   children and wore skirts that were not black, and this marked her as a difficult marital match. Finally her parents found someone who would marry her, but Malky took one look at him and said no. It wasn’t her choice, though. Her parents, whom she loved very much, promised her to this man anyway. “Who’s going to want you?” she remembers her father, who was equally bereft, telling her. “You’re 22. You’re wearing green skirts. We had no choice. ” Malky planned to kill herself before her wedding. Six weeks before the big day, or her “deadline,” as she calls it, she read an article in an Israeli newspaper about Footsteps. She called the group and told the counselor who answered that her parents were going to marry her off, and the counselor asked, “Well, what do you want?” Nobody had ever asked her this before. She went through with the wedding, because she loved her family and couldn’t imagine that they didn’t deep down know what was best for her in a way that she didn’t. Her parents told her that she would get used to the man once she was married. On her wedding night, as her husband approached her, Malky ran to the bathroom and cut her gums, smearing the blood on her underwear and coming out and saying she couldn’t consummate the marriage because she had her period. The day after her wedding, Malky went to her parents’ house, and her mother shaved her head, a custom in some sects. Malky begged her mother to let her come home, but her mother pleaded with her to make her marriage work. Malky continued to refuse her husband, and after seven weeks, she again found Footsteps. She left her husband, got a divorce and went to live on her own, but she remains vexed by her love for her family and her fear of embarrassing them. She’s an artist now, but for the longest time she wouldn’t put her name on her paintings or participate in an art show, because she knew how much that would damage her family’s reputation. On Friday nights she covered her head and walked over to her parents’ house, where her nieces and nephews would ask where her husband was and why she didn’t have children. She still goes every Friday night, but they don’t ask anymore. “Do you know when people are in love and they say, ‘This person is going to kill me, he’s not good for me,’ and then they never want to break up?” she asked me. She cried and shook her head helplessly. When we spoke, her hair was curly, and highlighted, but still growing in after being shaved. “This is what I have with my family. It’s like, I love them so much, but they are horrible for me. They stop me in everything in my life. ” Three and a half years ago, Shmuly and Malky met at a   birthday party, and they became friends and running partners. Shmuly realized he thought of Malky as more than a friend, but Malky wouldn’t consider a romantic relationship with him she told me she couldn’t allow herself to belong to a man ever again. My mother became Hasidic when I was 12, after years of only desultory High Holy Days observance (my parents were divorced) and I was sent to yeshiva high school and Orthodox summer camps. My sisters followed and became religious, too none of us were ever forced into any of it, which is why my sisters’ religiousness baffled me. My mother has long told me that she did it because she wanted her daughters to have a life that wasn’t cheap and immodest  —   that she found secular culture was becoming too crass my sisters tell me it makes their lives more meaningful. Almost 30 years later, I still challenge them on this in a way that they must find tedious but are kind to me about. It was clear to everyone that religious practice just never took with me, and I waited out my time in my house until the day I left for college, when I swore I’d never wear a skirt again or rush around in anticipation of sundown on a supposed day of rest. I swore I would rid myself of the vestiges of what was taught to me, which was to be afraid of an angry God who made me a certain way and then disavowed that way in the hope that I’d be some ideal of a person who committed arbitrary acts of blind devotion  —   eating kosher food only not turning the lights on during Saturdays not wearing linen and wool together, which is an actual and serious Torah law. I’ve been only marginally successful in keeping this oath. I was taught that I was innately bad and that I had to work at these rules in order to become something approaching good. In the  ’u200bOrthodox school I attended in ninth grade, I was taught to use the bathroom quickly, lest my exposed unmentionables lead me to sinful acts of  . I left that school, but in a more modern one, I received more or less the same lessons. I was taught that humans were the ultimate intellectuals, unless you asked questions that extended beyond what was in the Torah. I was taught that if I ever ate a legume or a piece of risen wheat on Passover, my children would be cut off from their legacy as Jews. No one knew for sure what that meant, but over the years, the collected guesses I got from teachers included: infertility, miscarriage and having to watch my children die before I did. I no longer keep a strict version of Passover, yet each time a legume passes my lips during those eight days, I wonder if I should be hedging my bets, and so an internal war flares inside me over some hummus. After years of confused and at times contentious discussion, my husband and I now identify as something like Conservative Jews we are incredibly ambivalent but active (read:  ) members of a synagogue. When I left Orthodoxy, there was some shock of   into regular society, even though I never really left it. I had negotiated to keep a TV in my mother’s house, and my mother, may God and all the rabbis whose graves she prays over bless her a million times, understood that fundamentalism wasn’t something I could get behind. So I watched “Beverly Hills, 90210,” and “Twin Peaks” and “A Different World” to see how regular secular Americans related to one another. I had friends who weren’t as lucky  —   some who had to change out of pants into skirts as they rode the elevators up to their apartments as teenagers some who still can’t visit their parents on a holiday if they’re going to drive. And yet even under my    O. T. D. circumstances, so much of my previous life remained part of me that even when I didn’t wear a skirt and even when I didn’t observe Shabbat and even when I just went right out and ate nonkosher foods like shrimp, the fears and worries persisted that I was doing something wrong, that I had only departed because there was something lazy about me, that I was too prone to evil inclinations. Even in my lucky circumstances I am left with flickers of superstition and magical thinking, no matter how long it has been since I’ve realized that most of what I was taught as a child is not something I agree with as an adult. And still, every night, I place my hand over my sleeping children’s eyes and I recite the Shema bedtime prayer on their behalf. Every year, I fast on Yom Kippur and apologize for the ways I can’t bring myself to be what I was told God wanted. I do it just in case, or because I’m a coward, or at least because I’m not as courageous as your   Footsteps member. All of which is to say that I don’t know if it will ever feel normal. On the night Faigy Mayer died, her body lay on Fifth Avenue until it was wrapped up with all the blood and tissue around it, according to Jewish tradition, and sent to Borough Park to her bewildered parents and their local funeral home. Women from the community stayed with her body all night, washing and guarding it. Others would organize weeks’ worth of meals for the family, and the community would come to their home to pray for seven days. The morning of Faigy’s funeral, her father stood up next to the wooden box that held her body. Her O. T. D. friends weren’t allowed into the service at first, but one of them spoke to the bouncerlike guy at the front and assured him, in Yiddish, that they didn’t want any trouble. They just wanted to mourn their friend. Before Faigy’s father began the eulogy in Yiddish, he addressed them, notable for their lack of black hats and their lack of beards. “Thank you very much for coming,” he said. “I didn’t prepare anything in English, and I’m sorry. ” After the funeral, the cedar box that held Faigy’s body was taken to New Jersey, off a main road in view of a   bottling plant, where she was buried among other Hasidim, which, it seems safe to say, is exactly where she never wanted to be. The gravestone carries an acrostic of her name, talking about how she suffered, how good she was. One line reads, “May the psalms she read with such devotion bring peace to her dear soul. ” When I visited the site, next to her was a freshly filled grave with a temporary marker for her sister, Sara. The two graves were a sight that, though I knew to expect it, made me step backward and put one hand to my mouth. I said Kaddish from muscle memory, though I’m sorry for it, because I feel fairly certain Faigy wouldn’t have wanted that, either. When her friends left her funeral, one of them noted what a “pageant” the whole ceremony was, and then they went to a pizza place that she loved, to remember her. Some of them later took a train to the city, to the place where Faigy’s body had landed, the site of her last stand against this life. They grew quiet and somber all over again, and they found themselves wondering if you could ever really escape the circumstances you were born into. What if it doesn’t get besser? What if hell is hotter? They had only one another to help answer these questions. In that way, Footsteps is a lot like the organized religion it’s designed to help its members transition out of: Each exists to make sense of an utterly baffling world. But whereas religion seeks to reassure you that you’re not alone, Footsteps seeks to reassure you when you realize that you are. Malky had planned to go to dinner the next night, with Shmuly and another friend, at the French restaurant Daniel for her birthday. Malky and Shmuly loved learning about new foods and wine outside ritual use. But the day came, and Malky felt that having such an extravagant meal in light of the news was unseemly. When she called the restaurant to reschedule, however, she learned that it was booked so far out that they weren’t taking new reservations. They kept the date. That night, they luxuriated in the lives that they were somehow still living, having come out on the other side of something. So much had happened to them, but they were young, and one day, the years of living the lives they wanted would outnumber the years they’d lived the lives they didn’t want. They drank five bottles of wine among the three of them, and when it was time to go home, Malky and Shmuly decided to take a yellow cab back to Brooklyn instead of a train. They stopped first to drop off Malky before heading to Shmuly’s house, but when Malky got out of the car, she asked Shmuly if he wanted to come upstairs with her. He left the car, and she took his hand and led him up the stairs, and he has remained there, with her, ever since.",0
9184,Ralph Toledano Resigns From Puig in Fashion World Upheaval - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   The turmoil that has been roiling the corporate and the creative sides of the fashion world has not spared one of the industry’s most opaque groups: Spain’s   fragrance and fashion conglomerate, Puig. Ralph Toledano, one of French fashion’s most   executives, has unexpectedly resigned as president of Puig’s fashion division and chief executive of Nina Ricci and Jean Paul Gaultier. A spokesman for Puig, Loïc Seailles, confirmed Mr. Toledano’s resignation, saying it was to pursue other interests, but declined to say when or whether the company would release a statement. Mr. Toledano declined to comment on his departure. However, his exit is among the most significant management upheavals of the year thus far. Known as “Mr. Paris Fashion Week” because of his position as chairman of French fashion’s governing body, the Fédération Française de la Couture, du    des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Mode. Mr. Toledano, 65, is also widely respected in the industry as a talent spotter. Before joining Puig in 2012, he had been responsible for hiring such celebrated designers as Alber Elbaz (whom Mr. Toledano brought to Paris as creative director of Guy Laroche) and Phoebe Philo at Chloé. At Puig, Mr. Toledano was responsible for recruiting a new generation of creative talent, such as the designers Guillaume Henry at Nina Ricci and Julien Dossena at Paco Rabanne. Mr. Toledano’s exit is the latest in an unprecedented wave of executive changes in the fashion industry, as it attempts to come to grips with a slowdown in luxury spending because of lower tourist travel and geopolitical uncertainty. In the past two years, for example, Kering, the French parent company of brands such as Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, has changed either the creative or management leadership at more than three quarters of its 15 luxury companies. In Britain, Burberry has welcomed Marco Gobbetti as its new chief executive, as Christopher Bailey steps back from that role to become president and chief creative officer. Céline, the French brand owned by Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, also named a new chief this year, and in the United States, Stefan Larsson resigned as the head of Ralph Lauren. Puig derives the bulk of its revenue from its business as a licensed perfume maker for big brands such as Valentino and Prada, and it also owns the small couture and    businesses Paco Rabanne, Jean Paul Gaultier and Carolina Herrera, as well as those brands’ respective perfume businesses. For Puig, the changes at the top have been relatively recent. Earlier this year, François Kress, chief executive of Carolina Herrera, left that brand after a public kerfuffle around the hiring of the designer Laura Kim as effectively a creative   . It was a move made without the knowledge of Mrs. Herrera herself, and one that resulted in a lawsuit, now settled. Ms. Kim is currently   director of Herrera rival Oscar de la Renta. Puig’s fashion brands have been struggling to compete with rivals that have invested significantly more resources in building their distribution, digital presence, image and product assortment. Several people who have left Puig said they felt the group appeared to be more focused on its   financial performance than on building fashion brands over the long term, which required patience and major investments that would weigh on its bottom line. Mr. Toledano, for example, oversaw the folding of Jean Paul Gaultier’s    business into its haute couture operations in 2014 to stem the company’s losses. Jean Paul Gaultier’s fashion business is estimated to generate annual sales of about 20 million euros, or about $21. 7 million  —   a very small sum compared with its perfume revenues, estimated between €150 million to €200 million. While Mr. Toledano has declined to reveal his future plans, he is expected to continue in his role at the Fédération Française. And at Puig, there are two new executives waiting in the wings. Sophie Templier, a former close associate of Mr. Toledano’s from Chloé, has been named managing director at Nina Ricci. And Bastien Daguzan, a graduate of IFM (l’Institut Français de la Mode) and the chief executive of the French fashion brand Christophe Lemaire, is expected to be named the new managing director of Paco Rabanne, a brand estimated by analysts to generate several hundreds of millions of euros in perfume sales, driven by best sellers such as 1 Million. (Mr. Daguzan and Puig declined to comment on his imminent arrival at Puig.) Whether Ms. Templier and Mr. Daguzan will have the kind of chemistry with their creative partners that can transform a fashion brand into a   hit remains to be seen. However, Nina Ricci’s designer, Mr. Henry, hired in 2014, is expected to stay on  —   at least until the end of his contract, which lasts another two years, according to recruiters.",0
9185,U.S. Says Russia Directed Hacks to Influence Elections - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration on Friday formally accused the Russian government of stealing and disclosing emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutions and prominent individuals, immediately raising the issue of whether President Obama would seek sanctions or other retaliation. In a statement from the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. and the Department of Homeland Security, the government said the leaked emails that have appeared on a variety of websites “are intended to interfere with the U. S. election process. ” The emails were posted on the   WikiLeaks site and two newer sites, DCLeaks. com and Guccifer 2. 0, identified as being associated with Russian intelligence. “We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia’s   officials could have authorized these activities,” the statement said. It did not name President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, but that appeared to be the intention. The statement from Mr. Clapper and the Department of Homeland Security, which is primarily responsible for defending the country against sophisticated cyberattacks, said the intelligence agencies were less certain who was responsible for “scanning and probing” online election rolls in states around the country. It said that those “in most cases originated from servers operated by a Russian company,” but stopped short of alleging the Russian government was responsible for those probes. The announcement came only hours after Secretary of State John Kerry called for the Russian and Syrian governments to face a formal   investigation over attacks on civilians in Aleppo and other parts of Syria. Taken together, the developments mark a sharp escalation of Washington’s many confrontations with Moscow this year. For weeks, aides to Mr. Obama have been debating whether to openly attribute the cyberattacks to Russia, and as recently as Wednesday the director of the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael Rogers, refused to publicly accuse Moscow. But with little more than a month to go before the presidential election, one senior administration official said that Mr. Obama was “under pressure to act now,” in part because a declaration closer to Election Day would appear to be political. Two days ahead of the second presidential debate, the announcement also puts the Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, more on the defensive over his assertion last month that Mr. Putin is a better leader than Mr. Obama. In the first debate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump’s Democratic rival, blamed Russia for the cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee, but Mr. Trump said there was no evidence that Russia was responsible he suggested it could have been the Chinese or “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds. ” Soon after the administration accused the Russians of hacking into the committee, WikiLeaks published hacked emails from John D. Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman. In a Twitter message Friday evening, Mr. Podesta said that “I’m not happy about being hacked by the Russians in their attempt to throw the election to Donald Trump. ’’ WikiLeaks has released troves of hacked Democratic emails, but has not revealed their source. A major question is how Mr. Obama might respond without setting off an escalating cyberspace conflict with Russia between now and Nov. 8. One possibility is that the announcement itself  —   an effort to “name and shame”  —   will deter further action. But Mr. Obama’s aides have assembled a range of possible responses, from using economic sanctions to covert action against Russian targets, potentially including the computers used in the hack. The official accusation against Russia comes after anonymous American intelligence officials told The New York Times in July that they had “high confidence” that the Russian government was behind the hack of the D. N. C. which led to the resignation of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida Democrat, as committee chairwoman, amid evidence that the committee was favoring Mrs. Clinton over her competitor for the party nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The months of subsequent silence frustrated some in Congress, and several weeks ago the top Democrats on the House and Senate intelligence committees, Adam Schiff and Dianne Feinstein, both of California, said Russia and its leaders were responsible, citing classified briefings. Mr. Schiff, who had urged the Obama administration to name Russia and better prepare American voters for the possibility of interference between now and the election, on Friday praised the decision “to call out Russia on its malevolent interference in our political affairs. ” “I hope this will establish a deterrent to further meddling,” he said. “I don’t think the Russians have decided yet how much they plan to continue their interference, so I think this attribution is very timely. We’re also encouraging the administration to work with our European partners, who have been the subject of even worse meddling, to coordinate a response to this. ” Mr. Schiff said he was afraid Russian hackers might attempt to delete or manipulate voter rolls, causing long lines at the polls and delays in counting votes because people would be forced to cast provisional ballots. (Voting machines themselves are not linked to the internet, so it is effectively impossible to hack them in a systematic way and change the outcome, specialists say.) But as “profound” as that concern is, Mr. Schiff said, he and others see as “the most grave risk” something else: Russia could take emails it has already stolen, manipulate them to create a false impression that a candidate has done something outrageous or illegal, and cause them to be published online shortly before the election. That, he said, “could have an   effect. ” Federal officials are trying to help states plug holes in their internet defenses for election management systems. One thing they will not do before the election is pronounce such systems “critical infrastructure,” as the secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, proposed in August. Mr. Johnson’s notion provoked a backlash from conservatives. Republicans like Brian P. Kemp, the secretary of state in Georgia, and Jon A. Husted, his counterpart in Ohio, accused the Obama administration of overreaching, saying it was trying to carry out a federal takeover. Administration officials said that the idea of declaring elections systems critical infrastructure is dead for now, lest it discourage states from working with the federal government. “Our focus right now, in the remaining days before Nov. 8, is to encourage states to come forward and request our assistance,” Mr. Johnson said in a recent interview. The department has offered states two kinds of help, both for free: a remote cyber “hygiene” scan of their servers by department officials who look for known vulnerabilities and can recommend patches, and a more intensive   analysis by a team of computer security specialists. The department’s emphasis on voluntary measures has met with mixed success: So far, 28 states have accepted that offer, the department said, but it declined to name them. Officials with election agencies in the large swing states of Ohio, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania said they were participating. (Pennsylvania is particularly important because its electronic voting machines lack a paper audit trail for recounts.) Florida, another large swing state, is not participating in this program, but officials in the office of its secretary of state said they had already been working with federal partners. Still, while the number of participants has been slowly creeping up, the window is closing. A Homeland Security official said it takes about a week to complete the necessary paperwork to permit the department to begin the work, and that the more intensive   effort takes about two weeks. That suggests that soon after the middle of October, it will be too late to provide any help to late takers. The fact that 22 states are not as yet participating does not necessarily mean all of them are vulnerable in ways that participants are not. Kay Stimson, a spokeswoman for the National Association of Secretaries of State, noted that some states had already been taking cybersecurity measures that are likely equivalent to what the department is offering.",0
9186,50 G.O.P. Officials Warn Donald Trump Would Put Nation’s Security ‘at Risk’ - The New York Times,"Fifty of the nation’s most senior Republican national security officials, many of them former top aides or cabinet members for President George W. Bush, have signed a letter declaring that Donald J. Trump “lacks the character, values and experience” to be president and “would put at risk our country’s national security and  . ” Mr. Trump, the officials warn, “would be the most reckless president in American history. ” The letter says Mr. Trump would weaken the United States’ moral authority and questions his knowledge of and belief in the Constitution. It says he has “demonstrated repeatedly that he has little understanding” of the nation’s “vital national interests, its complex diplomatic challenges, its indispensable alliances and the democratic values” on which American policy should be based. And it laments that “Mr. Trump has shown no interest in educating himself. ” “None of us will vote for Donald Trump,” the letter states, though it notes later that many Americans “have doubts about Hillary Clinton, as do many of us. ” While foreign policy elites in both parties often argue among themselves  —   behind closed doors, or politely in the pages of Foreign Affairs magazine  —   it is extraordinarily rare for them to step into the political arena so publicly and aggressively. Several former midlevel officials issued a similar if milder letter in March, during the primaries. But Monday’s letter included many senior former officials who until now have remained silent in public, even while denouncing Mr. Trump’s policies over dinners or in small Republican conclaves. Late Monday, Mr. Trump struck back. The signatories of the letter, he said in a statement, were “the ones the American people should look to for answers on why the world is a mess, and we thank them for coming forward so everyone in the country knows who deserves the blame for making the world such a dangerous place. ” He dismissed them as “nothing more than the failed Washington elite looking to hold onto their power. ” Mr. Trump correctly identified many of the signatories as the architects of the invasion of Iraq and its aftermath. But he also blamed them for allowing Americans “to die in Benghazi” and for permitting “the rise of ISIS”  —   referring to the 2012 attacks on the American mission in Libya and the spread of the Islamic State, both of which occurred during the Obama administration. At the time, most of Mr. Trump’s Republican foreign policy critics were in think tanks, private consultancies or law firms, or signed on as advisers to the Republican hopefuls Mr. Trump beat in the primaries. Among the most prominent signatories are Michael V. Hayden, a former director of both the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency John D. Negroponte, who served as the first director of national intelligence and then deputy secretary of state and Robert B. Zoellick, another former deputy secretary of state, United States trade representive and, until 2012, president of the World Bank. Two former secretaries of Homeland Security, Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff, also signed, as did Eric S. Edelman, who was Vice President Dick Cheney’s national security adviser and as a top aide to Robert M. Gates when he was secretary of defense. Robert Blackwill and James Jeffrey, two key strategists in Mr. Bush’s National Security Council, and William H. Taft IV, a former deputy secretary of defense and ambassador to NATO, also signed. Mr. Blackwill, a former aide to Henry A. Kissinger, is expected to endorse Mrs. Clinton this week. The letter underscores the continuing rupture in the Republican Party, but particularly within its national security establishment. Many of those signing it had declined to add their names to the letter released in March. But a number said in recent interviews that they changed their minds once they heard Mr. Trump invite Russia to hack Mrs. Clinton’s email server  —   a sarcastic remark, he said later  —   and say that he would check to see how much NATO members contributed to the alliance before sending forces to help stave off a Russian attack. They viewed Mr. Trump’s comments on NATO as an abandonment of America’s most significant alliance relationship. Mr. Trump has said throughout his campaign that he intends to upend Republican foreign policy orthodoxy on everything from trade to Russia, where he has been complimentary of President Vladimir V. Putin, saying nothing about its crackdown on human rights and little about its annexation of Crimea. The sharp split in the Republican Party raises the question of whom Mr. Trump will turn to for institutional memory if he is elected. The officials he denounced made plenty of mistakes, some of which they acknowledge and some they gloss over. But they are also the party’s repository of experience of economic, diplomatic and military strategies, both successful and failed. Mr. Trump’s own bench of foreign policy advisers has had comparatively little experience. Missing from the signatories are any of the living Republican former secretaries of state: Mr. Kissinger, George P. Shultz, James A. Baker III, Colin L. Powell and Condoleezza Rice. Mr. Trump met with Mr. Kissinger and Mr. Baker several months ago, and “I came away with a lot of knowledge,” he told The New York Times in a July 20 interview. But neither of the two, who represent different foreign policy approaches within the party, has said if he will endorse Mr. Trump. It is unclear whether the former secretaries plan to stay silent or will issue their own statements. But particularly striking is how many of Ms. Rice’s closest aides at the White House and the State Department, including Philip Zelikow, Eliot A. Cohen, Meghan O’Sullivan, Kori Schake and Michael Green, are all signatories. “We agreed to focus on Trump’s fitness to be president, not his substantive positions,” said John B. Bellinger III, who was Ms. Rice’s legal adviser at the National Security Council and the State Department, and who drafted the letter. He said that among the signatories, “some will vote for” Mrs. Clinton, “and some will not vote, but all agree Trump is not qualified and would be dangerous. ” The Clinton campaign appeared to be aware that the letter was circulating and encouraged it, but played no role in drafting it, several signatories said. Yet perhaps most striking about the letter is the degree to which it echoes Mrs. Clinton’s main argument about her rival: that his temperament makes him unsuitable for the job, and that he should not be entrusted with the control of nuclear weapons. “He is unable or unwilling to separate truth from falsehood,” the letter says. “He does not encourage conflicting views. He lacks   and acts impetuously. He cannot tolerate personal criticism. He has alarmed our closest allies with his erratic behavior. All of these are dangerous qualities in an individual who aspires to be president and commander in chief, with command of the U. S. nuclear arsenal. ” Mr. Trump responded in his statement that his vision was “one that is not run by a ruling family dynasty. It’s an America first vision that stands up to foreign dictators instead of taking money from them, seeks peace over war, rebuilds our military and makes other countries pay their fair share for their protection. ”",0
9187,Dear Liberals: Trump is Right,"Dear Liberals: Trump is Right Dear Liberals: Trump is Right By Photo by Juliana Lopes | CC BY 2.0 

If the title of this article sent your blood pressure into the stratosphere, then you’re much too susceptible to clickbait titles and knee-jerk politics. Yes, Trump is a right-wing populist using a not so finely blended cocktail of reactionary rhetoric, Reaganomic policy prescriptions, xenophobia, racism, and a sometime isolationist sometime belligerent foreign policy. 
Of course, none of this is worthy of support, though by his mere questioning of the holy writ of NATO scripture, Trump is the first presidential candidate in decades to substantively raise the issue of America’s military power projection in Europe and around the world. Still, Trump’s cynical questioning of NATO should not be taken to symbolize a move away from imperial policies and war, as I’ve noted repeatedly . 
But, for most liberals, Trump could argue in favor of puppies and kittens, and they’d proclaim that puppies and kittens are out of control and must be exterminated. Because anything Trump says or does is automatically offensive, paranoid, or just plain wrong. Trump said it, ipso facto it is wrong and crazy. 
However, beyond the superficiality of liberal talking points there lies a dirty secret, a specter haunting the dreams of the corporate liberal collective mind: sometimes Trump is right. 
[STUDIO AUDIENCE GASPS IN HORROR] 
No, it’s not just his correctly railing against the disastrous effects of Clintonian trade policies which hath wrought the…",0
9188,Anti-Trump ‘Jewish Rally for Refugees’ Organizer Funded by Obama,"TEL AVIV  —   A Jewish group that organized a “Jewish Rally for Refugees” in New York on Sunday was massively funded by the federal government under the Obama administration to resettle refugees. [In attendance at the rally was Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) who used the platform to compare the Trump administration to the Third Reich.  “Those same people who sent Jews back to the Third Reich never left,” stated Ellison. “We will stand up, we will stand together and we will say, refugees are welcome here. ” Those statements are instrumental coming from Ellison, a politician who in the 1980s and ’90s was reportedly associated with the   Nation of Islam and defended the radical group’s controversial leader, Louis Farrakhan. Other speakers at Sunday’s rally included New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer, New York City Public Advocate Letitia James, and New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer. De Blasio also channeled the Holocaust at the event. The mayor stated: From the German pastor Martin Niemoller at the time of the Nazi regime and the Holocaust, he famously said: “First they came for the socialists and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist. Then they came for the trade unionists and I did not speak up because I was not a trade unionist. Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out, because I was not a Jew. And then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me. ” I bring that to you today because this is why we need solidarity. An attack on refugees is an attack on all of us. An attack on our Constitution hurts all of us. Any attempt to divide people by religion hurts all of us. And it leads us to someplace dangerous. And that’s why we stand up against President Trump’s executive order. The New York rally was organized by the nonprofit HIAS, which describes itself as standing “for a world in which refugees find welcome, safety, and freedom. ” Unmentioned in much of the news media coverage about the rally is that HIAS has taken in large sums of federal grants to help resettle refugees. Haaretz, for example, described HIAS as “the global Jewish nonprofit that protects refugees. ” The Jerusalem Post described the organization as a “global Jewish nonprofit organization that works to protect refugees. ” Local Fox 5 simply labeled HIAS as “the global Jewish nonprofit. ” HIAS is more than that, as this reporter previously documented. HIAS specializes in refugee resettlement and in 2015 received 65. 3 percent of its annual $25 million budget from government grants. Annual grants include funds from the State Department and the Office of Refugee Resettlement in the Department of Health and Human Services.  Another major donor is the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. In 2015, the State Department provided $17, 663, 704 and the Department of Health and Human Services gave another $2, 765, 195. The fiscal year 2014 saw a $16, 959, 850 State Department grant and $2, 546, 469 in funds from the Department of Health and Human Services. Guidestar documented that in 2013, HIAS received $16, 261, 661 from government and intergovernmental agencies and took in a total of $31, 218, 870 in revenue. In 2012, $14, 707, 399 in government grants was donated to HIAS and the organization produced $27, 677, 240 in revenue. In 2008, the Committee on   Organizations, a division of the UN Economic and Social Council, officially accepted HIAS as an accredited NGO. HIAS openly states on its website that it is the “only Jewish organization designated by the federal government to undertake” refugee resettlement, which “lies at the heart of HIAS’ work. ” The group is partners with local Refugee Assistance Organizations around the country to “ensure successful integration. ” “Although this can be a long process requiring the participation of many actors, refugees bring the resilience and resourcefulness that saved their lives at home,” HIAS relates. HIAS was an acronym that previously stood for the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and it originally worked to resettle Jewish emigrants from Russia.  It dropped the full title and only goes by the acronym now.  Mark Hetfield, HIAS president and CEO, told the Washington Jewish Week in December 2014 the word “Hebrew” was exclusionary and outdated, comparing it with the use of the word “colored” to refer to African Americans.  Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With additional research by Brenda J. Elliott and Joshua Klein.",0
9189,"Visiting Beijing, Myanmar’s Aung San Suu Kyi Seeks to Mend Relations - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   Hillary Clinton considers her a friend. President Obama has invited her to the White House next month. But on her first visit to a major capital since becoming leader of Myanmar, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi chose a different destination: Beijing. With her arrival here late Wednesday, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, the Nobel Peace Prize winner credited with pushing Myanmar from a military dictatorship toward democracy, offered a potent signal that her foreign policy would be more friendly toward China, which is eager to strengthen its foothold in the country. Her move risks unsettling Washington, however, since the Obama administration considers the democratic changes in Myanmar that brought Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi to power one of its major foreign policy victories in Asia. “Daw Aung San Suu Kyi has long expressed her desire for friendly relations with China, and it’s not insignificant that she has chosen to travel to Beijing before any other major capital,” said Thant   the author of “Where China Meets India: Burma and the New Crossroads of Asia. ” He added: “The Chinese, whatever wariness they may have had, definitely sense the possibility of improved relations and will go   to make this visit a success. This will be a historic visit that could well shape   relations for many years to come. ” China’s   welcome contrasts with how Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi was treated when she was Myanmar’s opposition leader. Last year, she was 20 minutes late for a meeting with President Xi Jinping, who reportedly told her that she was the first person ever to have kept him waiting so long. Now, China is making amends for that reprimand as it pushes to install itself as the foremost power in Myanmar. It is tailoring investment projects to suit the impoverished country and assuming an influential position as mediator in peace talks between rival ethnic groups and the government this month. It is also hoping to restart the $3. 6 billion Myitsone Dam project, which was suspended in 2011 and is a major source of friction between the two countries. China views Myanmar as a strategic asset, so much so that some policy makers see Myanmar’s long shoreline as China’s west coast. Its position close to the Indian Ocean offers a shortcut for oil and gas imports from the Middle East, and its rich mineral deposits and proximity make it a logical part of China’s sphere of influence on the mainland of Southeast Asia. Even though China recently built oil and gas pipelines from Myanmar’s coast into southern China and has access to the Kyaukpyu port on the Bay of Bengal, trade between the two nations dropped in 2015, and relations cooled during the   transition from a military junta, which China backed, to elections last year. The two sides are seeking to repair the friendship, though Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, who has praised the old tradition of a neutral foreign policy, is likely to be vigilant that China is not too overbearing. In the days before her visit, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi sought to ease tensions over the suspension of the   Myitsone Dam. After appointing a   commission to review the suspension decision and look at other hydro projects, she can tell China that Myanmar no longer has a closed mind on the project, analysts said. “She needs good relations with China, but were she to approve the dam, she would lose massive internal support among many groups,” said David I. Steinberg, distinguished professor emeritus at Georgetown University. The new panel was a smart way to deflect pressure on her from China as well as her domestic constituency, he said. The commission could decide that the dam  —   which Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi resisted as opposition leader because of the environmental impact it would have on the nation’s main artery, the Irrawaddy River  —   should not be built. But it would most likely consider other projects that would be to China’s liking, Mr. Steinberg said. For its part, Beijing has become more flexible on the dam, opening the way for the easing of tensions, analysts said. Negotiations are underway for Myanmar to pay China if the dam is not built, or to use the money for other projects, officials close to Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi said. Numbers have already been put on the table, they said, including $800 million in compensation to China if the dam is not built, they said. In exchange, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has told the Chinese that she wants a series of smaller hydro projects that are less of a threat to the environment and enjoy popular support, her spokesman, U Zaw Htay, said. “In the end, the dam construction could be halted, resumed, adjusted, replaced by another project, or maybe there are other ideas,” said Fan Hongwei, a specialist on Myanmar at Xiamen University. As part of its ambition to secure more access to the Indian Ocean, China has proposed a new trading route  —   a waterway from the town of Bhamo in northern Myanmar to the Irrawaddy Delta  —   and this is likely to come up in the talks in Beijing, Myanmar officials said. Derek J. Mitchell, the former American ambassador to Myanmar, said that Washington recognized the country’s urgent need for hard infrastructure and that it had never opposed China’s delivering major infrastructure projects to Myanmar as long as they are transparent, acceptable to the people and environmentally sound, as the new government has indicated. It would also be preferable if infrastructure that crossed borders connected Myanmar to the wider region and not just to China, Mr. Mitchell said. One of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s major objectives is to seek China’s help as she starts peace talks on conflicts in northern Myanmar between the ethnic groups and the military. The roiling small wars there have long been a barrier to economic development in the region, and Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has scheduled a peacemaking gathering, called the Panglong Conference, for Aug. 31. She has offered China a role as mediator, Myanmar officials involved in the talks said. Two groups in northern Myanmar near the Chinese border  —   the Kachin and the Wa, who are ethnic Chinese  —   receive arms from across the border. The Kachin Independence Army and the United Wa State Army, the largest ethnic army in Myanmar, refused to sign a   agreement last year. At the time, a Burmese government negotiator said China had pressured the two groups along its border not to sign the deal in order to wield more influence over them. By offering China a key role at the talks, to be held in the capital, Naypyidaw, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi is asking China to halt its arms supplies, a Myanmar official involved in the process said. Recent talks with a flurry of top Chinese officials who have visited Myanmar  —   including the minister of state security, Geng Huichang the head of the International Department of the Chinese Communist Party, Song Tao and the foreign minister, Wang Yi  —   have concentrated on China’s role in the peacemaking, the official said. “China holds many of the keys to ending decades of armed conflict,” Mr. Thant   said. “The question is what the price of increasing dependence on China will be. ”",0
9190,Majority of Americans Side With FBI Over Hillary,"Majority of Americans Side With FBI Over Hillary November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
In a fit of thundering insanity, Hillary Clinton, her media pals and Barack Obama decided to go to war with the FBI. Their pretext was that Hillary Clinton is supposed to have immunity from the FBI before the election. And Comey was being irresponsible and violating protocol, the Hatch Act and the Thou Shalt Not Impede the Electoral Prospects of Democrats mandate. 
Most Americans have the good sense to think that this is a bunch of rubbish . 
Hillary Clinton and President Obama are outraged about the F.B.I.director James Comey’s decision to disclose further inquiries into her handling of confidential email, but are the American people? 
Shockingly the American people are not all that outraged about the FBI investigating a corrupt criminal... not nearly as much as the corrupt criminal and her political allies are. 
In an online Morning Consult poll of approximately 3,200 registered voters, only 19 percent agreed with the statement that prosecutors should wait until after Election Day to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials. Instead,60 percent agreed that prosecutors should be able to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials close to Election Day even if it might affect the election. (Another 21 percent said they don’t know or had no opinion.) 
In news that's shocking to the Times, the American people are once again out of step with their left-wing masters. 
When the investigation into Mrs. Clinton was mentioned before the question, partisans differed by almost 50 percentage points in their attitude toward pre-election disclosures, which were endorsed by 83 percent of Republicans but just 34 percent of Democrats — an even larger gap than observed with the generic prompt. By contrast, mentioning Mr. Trump’s foundation eliminated the gap between the parties in support for publicizing investigations, which was backed by 57 percent of Democrats and 58 percent of Republicans. 
One might conclude that Republicans are the more ethical and honest party.",0
9191,"Nomi Prins: Too Big to Fail, Hillary-Style","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Donald Trump has long campaigned on the promise of running the country the way he’s run his businesses. On that basis, we essentially already know what it would mean if he entered the Oval Office and applied his personal business acumen to this nation (and the rest of the world). There’s a surprisingly full record to cite. Who can forget, for instance, what happened to his signature gambling resorts in Atlantic City? Who can forget their serial failures in what was still relatively good times in that city, including the repeated trips to bankruptcy court and the way he stiffed local contractors and suppliers, running them out of business? As Russ Buettner and Charles Bagli of the New York Times summed it up : “He put up little of his own money, shifted personal debts to the casinos and collected millions of dollars in salary, bonuses, and other payments. The burden of his failures fell on investors and others who had bet on his business acumen.” 
In his pre-political years, he perfected what Kurt Eichenwald of Newsweek dubbed “the art of the bad deal”: “lost contracts, bankruptcies, defaults, deceptions, and indifference to investors.” And from every bad deal for those who supported him, he’s almost always walked away better off. All in all, it’s quite a record (and don’t even mention Trumped Up University ). There is no reason to believe that this pattern of behavior would change in the White House. After all, The Donald’s record shows a remarkable consistency, so it’s possible to imagine with a fair degree of accuracy what you’re going to get. 
Take election night 2012 when The Donald was still a Mitt Romney supporter. CNN recently reported on his tweets that night and judging by his comment on the Chinese invention of climate change, his complaints about polling violations, his outburst about “sham” elections, and in the wake of Romney’s loss his call for “revolution,” there hasn’t been much truly new under the Trumpian sun in 2016 — not even his last tweet of that night four years ago: “We have to make America great again!” In other words, his record should be considered remarkably predictive. So count on this: from the Oval Office, he’ll walk away a richer man, leaving the rest of us holding the bag, and his supporters, particularly white working class men, in a striking version of hell. 
Then, of course, there’s the other candidate. You know who — the woman who never saw a bank CEO she couldn’t get a couple of hundred thousand dollars from for giving thoroughly unsurprising speeches. Today, TomDispatch regular Nomi Prins, author of All the Presidents’ Bankers , explores what our world might be like if The Donald goes down in flames and Hillary Clinton enters the White House next January. Consider this, economically speaking, the definition of a hold-onto-your-hats election, no matter who wins. Wall Street in the Saddle Nomi Prins • October 27, 2016 • 3,100 Words (Reprinted from TomDispatch by permission of author or representative)",0
9192,Iran Requests 950 tons of Uranium from Kazakhstan,"(AFP) TEHRAN, Iran  —   Iran’s nuclear chief said Saturday that the country had requested to buy 950 tons of uranium concentrate from Kazakhstan over the next three years to help develop its civil reactor program. [The request has been made to the body that oversees the nuclear deal signed between Iran and world powers in 2015.  Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran’s Atomic Energy Organisation, told the ISNA news agency that the purchase was supposed to happen “within three years. ” “650 tons will enter the country in two consignments and 300 tons will enter Iran in the third year,” he said. Salehi said the final shipment of concentrate, known as yellow cake, would be turned into uranium hexafluoride gas and sold back to Kazakhstan  —   its first international sale of the compound which is used in the uranium enrichment process. Under the nuclear deal, many of Iran’s centrifuges were mothballed but it has the right to enrich uranium to a level of 3. 5 percent and sell it abroad. Nuclear weapons require uranium enriched to 80% or more. Salehi said Iran has already received around 382 tons of yellow cake, primarily from Russia, since the nuclear deal came into force in January last year. Under the deal, Iran is allowed to run around 5, 000 “ ” centrifuges and has been testing more advanced models that can produce greater quantities of enriched uranium  —   all under the strict supervision of the UN atomic agency.",0
9193,Priebus: Trump Doesn’t Want to ’Meddle with Medicare or Social Security’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said   Donald Trump does not want to “meddle with Medicare or Social Security. ”  Priebus said, “I don’t think   Trump wants to meddle with Medicare or Social Security. He made a promise in the campaign that was something he didn’t want to do. But what he wants to do is grow the economy, help shore up Medicare and Social Security for future generations and if we can get create, five, six percent growth we will do that and explode the economy and bring jobs back and make trade more fair across the world, lower rates for everyone and I think hopefully get businesses going again so people can put more money in their pocket. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
9194,A Blunt Message After ‘Brexit’: Bolting Will Carry a Heavy Price - The New York Times,"BRUSSELS  —   Shaken by Britain’s vote to quit the European Union, the bloc’s leaders met on Tuesday in Brussels and sent a blunt message to Britain and others tempted to follow its example: Bolting will carry a heavy price. While softening demands that Britain formally file for divorce swiftly following last Thursday’s shocking referendum result, leaders of the European Union’s 27 other nations made it clear to Prime Minister David Cameron that his country would not enjoy the benefits of membership  —   like access to Europe’s single market  —   while sloughing off its burdens. Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, speaking at a   news conference, took a hard position, saying that her country would defend its economic priorities and that Britain must use an agreed legal procedure to leave the European Union. “The discussion today reflected very clearly that everyone felt this was a sea change, a watershed moment, a historic moment,” Mrs. Merkel said. The goal was to reshape the relationship with Britain “as a relationship of friendship,” she said, but “we will also be guided by our own interests. ” Referring to the terrorist attack on Tuesday  at Istanbul’s Ataturk Airport, she said a world “characterized by turmoil and turbulences” was “not waiting for the European Union to make up its mind,” an apparent reference to uncertainty over its relations with Britain and the future direction of what began as a peace project after World War II and has since grown into the world’s biggest economic bloc. Mark Rutte, the prime minister of the Netherlands, historically one of Britain’s closest allies in pushing Europe to focus on strengthening market forces and protecting sovereign rights, said the economic and political mayhem caused by Britain’s vote to leave should deter others. “To everybody thinking of leaving the single market, this is what happens,” he said. The turmoil has stirred hope in some quarters that Britain might, in the end, never take the next, formal step to leave the European Union. Ms. Merkel, however, dismissed this as “impossible. ” As to whether Britain could hold another referendum with a different outcome, she said that was highly unlikely. “As of tonight I do not see any possibility to reverse this decision,” she said. “It is not the hour for wishful thinking. ” Mr. Cameron, attending what will probably be his last European summit meeting in Brussels, also stressed that there was no turning back from last week’s vote in favor of Brexit, as Britain’s withdrawal from the union is known. “I am sorry we lost the referendum but you have to accept the result of the British people, you have to accept the verdict,” he told reporters. “I’m a democrat. ” While calling for “the closest possible relationship” with Europe in the future, he acknowledged that “it is impossible to have all of the benefits of membership without some of the costs of membership. ” Mr. Cameron, who has said he will resign by October, has left the task of setting the terms of the departure settlement to his successor, who will be responsible for invoking an exit clause, Article 50, in a European treaty and starting negotiations with Brussels on disentangling a formal relationship that began in 1973. France and other countries have complained that this would only create months of uncertainty and stoke unease for financial markets. But there seemed to be more sympathy on Tuesday for Britain’s hesitant pace. “If they need more time we have to wait. This is the only legal way we have,” Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, which represents European governments, told reporters. Beyond dealing with the mechanics of Britain’s exit, however, European Union members face an even tougher challenge in trying to dampen rising populist sentiment elsewhere, while somehow rebuilding the cornerstone of Europe’s peace and relative prosperity for more than 60 years. How to do this will be the focus of the second day of the summit meeting on Wednesday  —   from which Mr. Cameron is excluded. The shock vote in Britain has done more than embolden populists who denounce the European Union as a distant and meddling force. It has resurfaced deep bitterness and anger left by earlier crises, notably a grinding economic slowdown and an uncontrolled influx of migrants across Europe’s open borders. Instead of dealing with just the crisis of confidence set off by the vote for Brexit, leaders are effectively confronting all the crises of recent years at one time. Still unresolved are arguments over austerity, the   prescription for a financial crisis that began in Greece in 2008, and whether the European Union should be merely a   zone or the locomotive of a more ambitious program of “ever closer union,” a cause enshrined in the 1957 Treaty of Rome. Arriving for the summit meeting, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece  —   whose country voted in a referendum last year to reject a financial bailout offered by Brussels only to accept even harsher terms to avoid expulsion from Europe’s common currency  —   described the British referendum result as a “sad   call” that should force the European Union to abandon policies of austerity and “endless negotiations behind closed doors. ” At the European Parliament early on Tuesday, a debate on Britain’s referendum result produced raucous scenes as Nigel Farage, a British member of the assembly and a driving force behind the Brexit campaign, traded insults and mockery with fellow legislators and the president of the European Commission, the bloc’s executive arm,   Juncker, who demanded to know: “Why are you here?” Mindful that Europe’s identity crisis is unlikely to be settled anytime soon, the leaders of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia urged the European Union to “get back to basics” and focus on reinforcing freedoms and building a single market. “Instead of endless theoretical debates on ‘more Europe’ or ‘less Europe’ we need to focus on ‘better Europe,’” the leaders of the four countries, all formerly communist, said in a statement. What this “better Europe”  —   a popular slogan now used by politicians who agree on little else  —   would look like exactly is unclear. What is clear, however, is that skepticism over the European Union as it works now is on the rise. A spring survey by the Pew Research Center found that while support for the bloc remains strong in Poland and Hungary, which have benefited greatly from infusions of funds from Brussels, just 27 percent of Greek, 38 percent of French and 47 percent of Spanish citizens hold a favorable view. Positive views of the European Union fell, often substantially, in five of the six countries surveyed by Pew in both 2015 and 2016. Even Germany, where strong support for the   European project had been an unwavering feature of postwar politics, euroskepticism is on the rise, with 48 percent of those polled saying they had an unfavorable view of the bloc. Speaking as he arrived for the summit meeting, President François Hollande of France said the situation today in the United Kingdom, with political turmoil, a plunging currency and credit rating downgrades, should alert other Europeans of the need to stick together. “Many people today are asking the same question,” he said. “What do we do if confronted by the same choice” British voters faced. The question of when Britain will invoke Article 50, opening negotiations, has dominated discussion in London and some other capitals, but has left some leaders cold. “I think it’s utterly disappointing that, when we are faced with the biggest political crisis in the history of the European Union, what’s grabbing the headlines is the obscure Article 50,” Joseph Muscat, the prime minister of Malta, said in Brussels. The far more important issue, he said, is “that this is a Europe that people are feeling increasingly estranged from and that it is our duty that we take action. ”",0
9196,"Pence: ‘Under President Donald Trump, the War on Coal Is Over’ - Breitbart","Vice President Mike Pence took to the stage at a rally in Harrisburg, PA today. where he declared that under President Trump, the war on the coal industry is over. [In his speech Vice President Pence complimented the American people for their ability to spot the liberal media’s “fake news” about President Trump. “While they have been ignoring the facts and spreading that fake news, the American people know the truth. ” said Pence, “The truth is President Trump has been relentlessly delivering on the promises he made to the American people, and America is back!”  As the room filled with cheers and applause Pence continued, “Since even before President Trump took office, we have been fighting for American jobs and American workers. For the past 100 days, President Trump has been slashing through red tape. He signed more bills cutting   regulations than any president in American history. ” “He approved the keystone and Dakota pipelines,” said Pence to thunderous applause, “[President Trump] opened up offshore drilling. He has put America back on the path to energy independence, and thanks to Donald Trump, the war on coal is over. Just this past week, President Trump laid out a plan for one of the biggest tax cuts in American history,” said Pence, adding, “We are going to cut taxes across the board for working families, small businesses, and family farms. ” “Just a few minutes ago, the president took another step to make sure that trade deals benefit American workers first. Folks, that is American leadership for the American people. ” The crowd cheered and chanted “USA” as Vice President Pence prepared to introduce President Donald Trump. Watch a livestream of the event below: Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
9197,"Stuck in Traffic, Polluting the Inside of Our Cars - The New York Times","The average American commuter spent 50 hours in traffic last year. As a nation, we spent eight billion hours sitting in our cars, waiting for lights to change, for the driver ahead to sneak into that parking spot, for an accident to be cleared. That’s not much more time than many Europeans spend in cars. According to Inrix, a roadway and traffic analytics company, drivers and passengers in Belgium spent 44 hours in traffic last year in Germany, 39 hours. Wherever it happens, new research suggests that all that sitting and waiting is exposing us to more pollutants than we’d take in if were we cruising along. According to a study published Thursday in Environmental Science: Processes  Impacts, pollution levels inside cars at red lights or in traffic jams are up to 40 percent higher than when traffic is moving. Air quality is already a problem outside of cars: More than 80 percent of people living in cities where pollution is tracked are exposed to air quality levels below World Health Organization limits. The W. H. O. has estimated that poor air quality is responsible for the deaths of 3. 7 million people younger than 60 in 2012. Researchers at the University of Surrey in England took to the streets of Guildford, “a typical English town,” to look at the effects of traffic on concentrations of polluting particles. They also analyzed how ventilation settings changed those concentrations inside of cars. The scientists took their measurements inside a car as it traveled on a   loop, passing through 10 traffic intersections. They tracked the concentrations of   particles of air pollution  —   ranging from course to fine  —   at each intersection. In a car stuck in traffic, shutting all the windows and turning off the fan or heat reduced concentration doses of the smallest, most hazardous particles by up to 76 percent. The researchers also found an increase in smaller particles inside the vehicle compared with larger ones when the heat was off and fans were on full blast, drawing in air from outside. Those findings suggest that the ventilation system was more effective at filtering out larger particles than smaller ones while stopped at intersections, reducing the concentration doses of those particles up to 68 percent, they said. And while they were only at traffic intersections for about 7 percent of total commuting time on average, the time accounted for as much as 10 percent of their exposure to harmful particles. The exposure was more than six times greater in cars with open windows than for pedestrians at   or   intersections. So when you’re stopped at an intersection, roll up the windows, and breathe easier.",0
9198,"Exchange of equipment, arms & experience: Large-scale joint NATO drills held in Romania","4   Debate is raging in the UK over the work of Sharia Councils often used by Muslims to settle family disputes and divorce. Two inquiries have been launched into its practices after accusations of discrimination against women came to light. Activists made their cases in the House of Commons on Tuesday..both for and against the Councils. We put the issue up for debate with Baroness Cox, who raised a motion against Sharia law in the House of Lords today, and Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadan Foundation in the UK.  ",0
9199,Tips for Shoring Up a Fragile Thanksgiving - The New York Times,"Is it possible to break Thanksgiving? And if so, could last week’s chaotically divisive election have actually broken it? A story in The Times on Wednesday explores how the war between the presidential candidates might also lead to war at family dinner. Do you take the year off? Do you put a moratorium on politics at the table? You could. Or you could let Sam Sifton show you how to make a gravy so good it heals all divides. Sam runs the New York Times Food section, operates the paper’s Cooking app, does a column for The Times Magazine and actually wrote the book on Thanksgiving  —   2013’s amusing, invaluable “Thanksgiving: How to Cook It Well. ” On the latest episode of Still Processing, Sam has advice for orchestrating a smooth, enjoyable feast. And so do we. (To start, make extra gravy. “Thanksgiving this year is going to be tough enough without skimping on the gravy,” Jenna says.) Sam had us over to his wonderful kitchen in Red Hook, Brooklyn, to instruct us on making that gravy (Wondra: who knew?) and talk about the rules for peace, harmony and, if you’re going that route, potluck. “This Thanksgiving is gonna be different for lots of folks all across the country,” Sam says. “Some families will be largely jubilant with some   people in the corner of the table. And others will be largely sad with some jubilant outliers. . .. And if you find yourself as the outlier in one of those situations, as many Americans will at Thanksgiving, I think we just gotta  —   this year and perhaps always  —   practice radical acceptance of where you are and who you’re with. ” “The best ways to find those connections and that community is over food,” Jenna says. “As long as you don’t mess with the food too much. ” The Food section has an entire feature on Thanksgiving from all cultures, from all over the country, that is like being in 50 kitchens at the same time. If you’re taking a break from your own family’s dinner, let your mouth water at the ones the Food section discovered. Bon appétit, y’all. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
9200,Interview: Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein On Clinton’s Loss To Trump,"When the liberal class heard news media report Donald Trump won the Electoral College vote, numerous people experienced meltdowns that involved blaming anyone and everyone but Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. In particular, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein was one of the targets, even though the math did not point to Stein as a culprit for the outcome. 
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow wailed, “If you vote for somebody who can’t win for president, it means that you don’t care who wins for president.” It not only displayed the prejudice many liberals have against allowing more choices and more voices in presidential elections, but it also exemplified a denial among liberal pundits. They reflexively lashed out at Stein or Bernie Sanders in order to ignore their failure to recognize how Trump had a strong chance all along to win because voters were fed up with the neoliberal economic policies of Democrats. 
For this week’s “Unauthorized Disclosure,” the show returns with an interview with Jill Stein. She highlights what her campaign managed to accomplish. She looks back on smears she faced, such as the idea that she was anti-vaccine and says she views it as a “sign of the media’s weakness and also their fear and our strength.” Then, she shares how she was never confident Clinton would win the election and addresses the denial among Democrats, who do not want to confront the reality of what happened. She also lists off a number of initiatives and efforts she plans to help support in the aftermath of the election.
The episode continues with an equally important interview with journalist Andy Worthington, who is one of the co-founders of the “Close Guantanamo” campaign. He regularly covers the Guantanamo Bay military prison, and we discuss the future of Guantanamo now that Trump is the president-elect. He also is a musician, who wrote a song about closing Guantanamo. We play part of it on the show. And, finally, Worthington is from the United Kingdom so we discuss the rise of far-right forces in both the United States and the UK. 
Co-host Rania Khalek is in Lebanon. She currently plans to return to the show next week. 
The latest episode is available on iTunes. To listen to the episode (and also to download the episode), go here. A page will load with the audio file of the interview that will automatically play.

*
Below is a partial edited transcript of the interview with Jill Stein: GOSZTOLA: What did you manage to accomplish as a Green Party presidential candidate in this election that other previous Green Party presidential campaigns did not manage to accomplish? I noticed you managed to break into the establishment media in a way that had not been achieved in 2012. Did you feel that way?
STEIN: Yes, but it was like the door was just barely cracked open. When you look at the numbers, we got something like three seconds of primetime network TV for I think it’s like 1700 minutes that Donald Trump got. Or to put it a different way, Donald Trump got about 35,000 times as much free airtime on mainstream media. Hillary got something like 20,000 times as much. So, it was good. It was an improvement compared to prior campaigns. 
Clearly, nowhere where near where we need to go. It was a beginning, and I think the consequence of that is that we earned three times as many votes as we earned in the past election. That is, in 2012 itself doubled our count from the prior election. I think the overall result of this election, which is basically a very dangerous and discouraging outcome, that is with the victory of Donald Trump. I think in a way that reflects how much this system is ready to change, and we can talk about that more later. But to my mind that’s a big victory in and of itself. 
There’s going to be a huge amount of buyer’s remorse out there, as Trump’s base—which wasn’t for Trump nearly as much as it was against Clinton and the Democrats—But as that base wakes up to the really awful reality of what Donald Trump will mean for their communities, their schools, their jobs, our economy, our climate, etc. As that group wakes up, it creates enormous momentum for change and enormous potential for change.
To my mind, really one of the most important outcomes is that we are on the threshold. It is kind of a perfect storm for organizing right now. Not something would have wished for in their right mind, but that is what we have. And in addition, let me just say I think people are really in despair at the voting system that forced them to choose between a militarist and a neofascist, and what kind of a choice is that? So, it is a voting system in which people were voting against the person they hated the most or the person they feared the most, and it gives us a really awful outcome. 
This is the time for us to seriously consider voting reforms, and in particular, ranked choice voting is the alternative. We don’t have to search for it. It is already in effect in cities all over the country. The state of Maine passed this with very strong Green Party leadership and support. It’s now implemented for all state and federal elections now in the state of Maine, which is really exciting because this is a model that we can follow in other states now. 
Let me mention a couple of other successes: that we now have automatic ballot access. Because of the vote count that we received in many states and new Green Party registrations, we will have automatic ballot access in many states. 
With strong Green support and leadership, marijuana legalization was passed in three states—California, Massachusetts, and Nevada, and in several others as medical marijuana. Some very important Green-backed and led citizen initiatives were passed at the state level in California and in Washington state that basically repeal the underpinnings of Citizens United . Or, I should say they call for a constitutional amendment, which will take away the false legal arguments on behalf of Citizens United . That is the idea that money equals speech and therefore unlimited amounts of money can be poured into our election system and hijack it. So that’s a very positive development. There are a number of positive developments. 
One other area I think that for me is especially exciting is that we really established strong alliances with social movements in this campaign, and in particular, with people who are the very powerful spokes men and women for those movements. And that includes solidarity with the Standing Rock movement, having been the only presidential candidate to go there and to actually participate in civil disobedience along with these indigenous leaders. With the Black Lives Matter campaign, and in particular, we were present in Baton Rouge at the flooding. We participated in many of the protests against police violence, marched with the mothers, so-called Million Moms March in Washington, DC. You know, stood strong with the Muslim community. 
There are many initiatives that are going full tilt now as we come out of this race. That includes the fight against student debt, having been the only campaign to call for actually bailing out the students. Grassroots libertarians as well. There are many grassroots libertarians that share with us the excitement about pushing forward ranked choice voting so we can actually bring our values into our voting system and open up the elections to more voices and more choices. 
Finally, the election debate commission, which 75 percent of voters were screaming to open it up to the other two candidates, that is to Gary Johnson and myself. We’ll be working with voters of all stripes but also with many of the grassroots libertarians. So there’s just really exciting initiatives and momentums that are ready to go now. 
*** 
GOSZTOLA: I’d like to conclude with the critical question related to the amazing collapse that people are witnessing right now within the Democratic Party and the complete denial on their part. Many people who were friendly to the Clinton campaign and worked for the press or are part of Clinton’s campaign are blaming Sanders for “poisoning” the minds of millennial voters and that’s perhaps why Hillary Clinton was unable to defeat Donald Trump. But it seems that we’ve had this huge rejection of neoliberalism and all of the different policies connected and I’d like to know from you—Since you went around campaigning in the United States, did you get the sense while campaigning that the Clinton campaign was going to be trounced by Donald Trump? 
STEIN: We certainly over the past year saw enormous anguish, suffering, misery, resentment against the Democratic Party. I, myself, while the polls were often misleading—I, myself, never had confidence that Hillary Clinton was going to win. I think that was an expectation I shared, but I’ve just seen so many completely unpredictable outcomes to have taken any kind of assurance from the misleading polls about that. 
I have to say from my point of view I’ve really seen a system in meltdown. And I say this as a medical doctor, having seen the healthcare system collapse, having seen the incredible misery that people are in, having seen jobless and under employment. And especially the misery of an entire generation that is really locked into hopelessness right now without decent jobs, without the ability to get out of college debt, without the ability to have their own place, without the ability to start a family and have kids, really having been denied the essence of reproductive freedom. This is a generation that cannot have a family. It’s just staggering with few exceptions, but many people are being denied that now. 
And then, having to deal with the climate catastrophe that’s barreling down on us. I think in this election the veil was lifted from this catastrophic system, which is unraveling on all quarters; now in the political realm. But it’s been clear that this has been a house of cards for quite some time, and whether it was going to be a Donald Trump and a victory of Republicans or whether it would be some other form of outright revolt, it wasn’t clear. It’s been obvious that this has been a sick and corrupted system. There was no way that something good was going to come out of this. 
So a lot of people, myself included, were braced for something terrible, and whether it was Hillary Clinton’s victory, which would have been awful in its own way, in a much subtler way but still a disaster for us and our future. Or whether it was a Trump victory or something else, I think many of us had been bracing for this catastrophe for the communities of color that have lived under oppression for 500 years. 
What’s happening now is not altogether new. It is indeed a disaster. It is particularly a disaster for the LGBTQ community, for many immigrants who are living in fear, for people of color, and there are many informal reports now of people being subjected to more abuse and harassment on all quarters and of many suicides in the trans community. This is a really regrettable and vile outcome of a very sick and corrupted system, which must be more than reformed. We need more than ever now a peaceful nonviolent revolution, a transformation, and we have the capacity to do that now. 
When we’re divided into a thousand separate movements each based on our own identity or our own biggest need, we are divided and conquered. But now so many people are being absolutely slammed across the spectrum of justice, it creates a potential for a very powerful coalition. This is a coalition that we have seen in the making for quite some time. I want to mention along those lines that there is a political coalition called Left Elect, which brings together the many small parties of resistance and that we will be having a conference this spring. I believe it’s in March this year. Again, stay tuned through Jill2016.com or through our social media, @DrJillStein. We’ll keep you posted. 
I think it is a very positive sign that so many from the Bernie campaign woke up the minute Bernie endorsed Hillary, and the floodgates opened into our campaign. I think this has a lot to do with why our vote numbers tripled, why we are growing Green Party chapters all over the country, where the party had really gone into dormancy. It’s now awake and alive and kicking all across the country. 
We can transform this breaking point that we’re at into the tipping point that we need to take back our future and make it healthy, just, green, and democratic. We will be continuing by the way to do our livestreams with the incredible spokespeople and with grassroots leadership. Yesterday, we streamed with Andrea Merida, one of the co-chairs of the Green Party who just came back from a week at Standing Rock. We will be continuing to live stream from the front lines, from the real sites of inspiration and action around the country. So I urge you to join us, to be a part of this unstoppable team, and for us to continue to reject the efforts the Democrats, still, to blame everybody else but themselves for this catastrophe. 
Remember, they themselves, as revealed by the WikiLeaks emails, they lifted up Donald Trump, helped the media to take him seriously, gave him credibility, lifted him up as part of this so-called Pied Piper candidates that they were promoting in order to make Hillary Clinton’s task easier. They brought this on themselves with the horrific policies that Bill Clinton, in fact, signed and Hillary Clinton supported—NAFTA, Wall Street deregulation, the crime bill that opened the door to mass incarceration, particularly to people of color. And, indeed, they opened the door to the attack on immigrants with the Clinton anti-immigrant bill of the 1990s, and it is indeed, while Republicans of hate and fear against immigrants, Democrats are the party of deportations, detentions, and night raids. 
I say it’s time to leave them both behind. Let’s reject this lesser evil and the greater evil. Let’s fight for the greater good like our lives depend on it because they do. We can do that knowing that, in fact, when we stand together, we not only have the vision, the values, and the solution. We have the numbers that we need to take our future back, and make it work—an America that works for all of us and a world that works for all of us. The power to do that is still in our hands. 
The post Interview: Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein On Clinton’s Loss To Trump appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
9201,Trump Strategist Stephen Bannon Says Media Should ‘Keep Its Mouth Shut’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Just days after President Trump spoke of a “running war’’ with the media, his chief White House strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, ratcheted up the attacks, arguing that news organizations had been “humiliated” by the election outcome and repeatedly describing the media as “the opposition party” of the current administration. “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while,” Mr. Bannon said in an interview on Wednesday. “I want you to quote this,” Mr. Bannon added. “The media here is the opposition party. They don’t understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States. ” The scathing assessment  —   delivered by one of Mr. Trump’s most trusted and influential advisers, in the first days of his presidency  —   comes at a moment of high tension between the news media and the administration, with skirmishes over the size of Mr. Trump’s inaugural crowd and the president’s false claims that millions of illegal votes by undocumented immigrants swayed the popular vote against him. Mr. Bannon, who rarely grants interviews to journalists outside of Breitbart News, the provocative   website he ran until August, was echoing comments by Mr. Trump last weekend, when the president said he was in “a running war” with the media and called journalists “among the most dishonest people on earth. ” Mr. Bannon’s remarks added to the growing acrimony between the press and a president who made attacks on the media a rallying point of his election campaign. Among Mr. Trump’s advisers in the White House, Mr. Bannon is responsible for putting into action the nationalist vision that Mr. Trump channeled during the later months of the campaign, one that stemmed from Mr. Bannon himself. And in many ways Mr. Trump has acted on that vision during his first week in office  —   from the description of “American carnage” he laid out in his inauguration speech to a series of executive actions outlining policies on trade agreements, immigration and the building of a border wall. Mr. Bannon is one of the strongest forces in an administration with competing power centers. A savvy manipulator of the press, and a proud provocateur, he was among the few advisers in Mr. Trump’s circle who were said to have urged Sean Spicer, the new press secretary, to give a confrontational, emotional statement to a shocked West Wing briefing room on Saturday, when the White House disputed news reports about the size of the inauguration crowd. He shares Mr. Trump’s view that the news media misunderstood the movement that the president rode into office. Speaking by telephone on Wednesday, Mr. Bannon delivered a broad indictment of the news media as being biased against Mr. Trump and out of touch with the American public. That is an argument familiar to readers of Breitbart and followers of personalities friendly to Mr. Trump, like Sean Hannity of Fox News. “The elite media got it dead wrong, 100 percent dead wrong,” Mr. Bannon said of the election, calling it “a humiliating defeat that they will never wash away, that will always be there. ” “The mainstream media has not fired or terminated anyone associated with following our campaign,” Mr. Bannon said. “Look at the Twitter feeds of those people: They were outright activists of the Clinton campaign. ” (He did not name specific reporters or editors.) “That’s why you have no power,” he added. “You were humiliated. ” Mr. Bannon spoke in blunt but calm tones, peppered with profanity, and humorously referred to himself as “Darth Vader. ” He said, with ironic relish, that Mr. Trump was elected by a surge of support from “the   hobbits and deplorables. ” The conversation was initiated by Mr. Bannon to offer praise for Mr. Spicer, who has been criticized this week for making false claims at the White House podium about attendance at Mr. Trump’s inaugural, for calling reporters dishonest and lecturing them about what stories to write, and for failing to disavow Mr. Trump’s lie about widespread voter fraud in the election. Asked if he was concerned that Mr. Spicer had lost credibility with the news media, Mr. Bannon chortled. “Are you kidding me?” he said. “We think that’s a badge of honor. ‘Questioning his integrity’  —   are you kidding me? The media has zero integrity, zero intelligence, and no hard work. ” “You’re the opposition party,” he said. “Not the Democratic Party. You’re the opposition party. The media’s the opposition party. ” Journalists reacted with alarm and defiance to Mr. Bannon’s comments. “What country are we living in?” Christiane Amanpour, the CNN correspondent, wrote on Twitter. “We are not the opposition,’’ Stephen Engelberg, editor in chief of the nonprofit news organization ProPublica, wrote in an email. “We are part of an essential function in any democracy. ” He added that ProPublica had no intention of “shutting up in response to this or any other president’s demand. ” “We are here to tell the truth and we intend to continue doing so, regardless of how badly some might want us to parrot ‘alternative facts,’” Mr. Engelberg said. Mr. Bannon mostly referred to the “elite” or “mainstream” media, but he cited The New York Times and The Washington Post by name. “The paper of record for our beloved republic, The New York Times, should be absolutely ashamed and humiliated,” Mr. Bannon said. “They got it 100 percent wrong. ” He added that he has been a reader of The Times for most of his adult life.",0
9202,VIDEO: Sen. Kamala Harris Uses the F-Word at Public Event About Health Care - Breitbart,"Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) dropped the “ ” at a public event about health care. [.@KamalaHarris apparently very comfortably dropping   tonight re: healthcare at @PodSaveAmerica taping. This one via @mimofernandes pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Boxer (@Sarah_Boxer) May 7, 2017,   “What the f*ck is that?” she said to an audience at a   taping of the podcast “Pod Save America” in San Francisco while she was discussing health care, the Washington Free Beacon reports. “Pod Save America” is a podcast hosted by former Obama administration officials Jon Favreau, Dan Pfeiffer, Jon Lovett, and Tommy Vietor, which focuses primarily on liberal politics and discusses how Democrats can fight against the policies of the Trump administration and   initiatives in Congress. Harris took aim at Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) who took a lot of heat for saying “nobody dies because they don’t have access to health care. ” “Like this guy, this congressman, you might as well say, ‘People don’t starve because they don’t have food.’ What the f*ck is that?” Harris said. Other Democrats have taken to cursing during public speeches. Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez told an audience in New Jersey in March that “Republicans don’t give a sh*t about people. ” Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( ) also dropped an “ ” in an interview with New York Magazine in April. “Which is that we’re here to help people, and if we’re not helping people, we should go the f*ck home,” Gillibrand told New York Magazine.",0
9203,Re: The 80s called! Hillary-defending Howard Dean puts FBI director in same league as … (wait for it … ),"The 1980s called! Hillary-defending Howard Dean puts FBI director in same league as … (wait for it … ) Posted at 11:10 am on October 29, 2016 by Doug P. 
Many Dems are beside themselves over the FBI’s continued investigation surrounding Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedin (and her husband). Former Vermont governor and Dem presidential candidate Howard Dean is among those seeing red: Ironically Comey put himself on the same side as Putin. 
— Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) October 29, 2016 
Sure, it couldn’t have anything to do with the lawlessness, recklessness and perversion surrounding the Hillary Clinton campaign — must be the Russians! @GovHowardDean Why are you putting yourself on the same side as a candidate whose surrogates got immunity deals and invoked the 5th? 
— DC Dude (@DCDude1776) October 29, 2016 2016: When leading Democrats say the #FBI doing its job = being on the side of a foreign dictator who hates America. https://t.co/Ezz87ZxPW8 
— John Schindler (@20committee) October 29, 2016 @GovHowardDean you people have lost it",0
9204,18 State Swat Team Drill In Prep for Backlash Against a Stolen Election,"Previous 18 State Swat Team Drill In Prep for Backlash Against a Stolen Election 
Paul Martin, through his sources has learned of an 18 state Swat Team Drill. The drill is exceptionally covert but The Common Sense Show has learned that the intent of the drill is centralize and coordinate martial law activities over a large swath of states at the same time. 
It is apparent that the election is going to be stolen and the establishment and their minions are expecting a violent backlash. Remember, both the New York Times and the Washington Post contacted Dave Hodges and Mike Adams fishing for information regarding any potential headlines related to a planned violent backlash should Clinton steal the election. 
More on this coming suppression of the will of the people is included in the following video. PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 
This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.",0
9205,Comment on VIDEO: Cop Didn’t Like Being Called a ‘Storm Trooper’ So He Kicked a Handcuffed Man in the Face by troll hunter,"Please learn something about steroids before making such comments. You’re merely repeating unproven assertions. anarchyst 
…look at the medical literature…changes in behavior ARE attributed to steroid use. You must be a cop… S J 
That’s so stupid. They get tested and random tested all the time. Steroids now?? troll hunter 
What State do you live in were cops get random drug tested ? I’ve never heard of one in the United States that does that even after an officer involved shooting. They have to have probable cause to test the officer or their union will shut it down immediately Peter Jameson 
Cops, accountable only to each other and guided by policy established by political appointees. The guy is right! Storm Troopers they are but from a more current time. And the good men do nothing. Mark “SEADOG” Warren 
I am not PC – Now that I got that out of the way – All of those so call police need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Everything they own needs to be transferred to this individual and they should live in the deepest hole of no return. Tase them 10,000 times see if they survive. Donald B Pearce 
He should never been given a Badge,,,Screw him,,Go after the Chief!!!! He knows what kind of a cop he is Paschn 
Exactly! Thank you. Rather than focusing on the anal pimple’s called cops, go after the huge festering BOILS (dual citizens?), put in “appointed” positions of power within the body politic who seek out this filth nurture it and PROTECT it. Rev. Walking Turtle 
Hear hear! Let’s start with the traitors in Congress and work our way outward and downward from there, shall we? VERY good (though doubtless dangerous) idea! 
Dangerous as in: Witness the treatment of LaVoy Finnicum and friends at the hands and arms of Federalized though privately-owned and decidedly hostile foreign-agency hands – and all the standard-issue lies+video-fakery that followed that criminally arranged and executed ambush/murder like stink on poop. 
Nonetheless imvho it IS the Right Idea. In furtherance of which, kindly note: You and your friends ‘n’ neighbors here in Lawful America simply MUST Lawfully arrest, try, convict ‘n’ sentence ’em Lawful as can be, first. Then YT’ll gladly quick-drop hang ’em ar a truly bargain rate per capita. 
Save a ton on hard-to-buy pentobarbitol AND (unlike what the perps have always done), NEVER spill ANY blood. All over within five minutes from cell-entry to trap-drop when Done Right! Full and gentle dignity throughout the proceediure (struggling condemned ones CAN and MUST be NON-violenty subdued, thank you!) or double your Hangman’s Fee cheerfully refunded! 
Then: Let’s just see, in the century that follows, whether a LAWFULLY IMPOSED and TRULY DESERVED Humane Death Penalty has any deterrent effect on the Infandous ‘L33t, shall we? Mere Social Science Done Right! And that is all. 0{:-|o[ Jamie Hall 
America definitely is ripe for a second Revolutionary War. And the “enemies” may be very much “domestic”. But the enemy is not the people. It’s the Government, which is as hell-bent on tyrrany as any Monarch deserving of defeat at the hands of the citizenry. Paschn 
Good point imo. But we still have a treasonous military led by walking feces of dual citizen Wesley Clark’s ilk, (WACO “fame”, and his wish to put all those who disagree with his fellow tribals running this government in to concentration camps), and LEO’s who actually enjoy killing their fellows for great pay, idiot culture’s admiration a pat on the ass from the boss and benefits we’ll never see again. If the “rabid dog” cannot be put down by secession and it boils into a REAL civil war then when, (after their toadies have killed millions of us), we gain the upper hand, we must chase all those who brought this global horror about to the ends of the earth if necessary as well as the elitist families who have been screwing/slaughtering us for literally generations and completely remove them to the 5th generation from the gene pool. In this way we can insure justice, honor/ decency for at least as many generations. CTOH 
I HATE it when someone doesn’t say WHERE in the film it is. I don’t want to watch 20 minutes of it. 
just play it in fast motion Prince 
He should’ve called him a Jack-Booted Gestapo Donut Nazi! max tague 
Fat pigs give LEO’s a bad name morsextenebris 
WOW, he was really endangering himself & the [email protected] by skateboarding in the wrong direction…WTF is going through these guys heads, real tough guys eh? Richard Winchester 
This has been brewing since 1980… It’s now out of hand and needs to be dealt with by the government or the people. Quite frankly I prefer the people take direct action. 
this has been brewing since the formation of police posses as slave catchers S J 
Ok, he was fighting with the police from the beginning and spit on them. That’s an assault James Michael 
Actually asshole, the sworn servant had no cause of action, he was aggravated assaulting and battering and kidnapped the guy not to mention his treason of the 4th and 5th amendments. Try again ignoramus. S J 
Clearly you’re the ignoramus and apparently has anger issues. James Michael 
I just explained the facts to you and that is all you can say? Go lick your masters crack and get all the turds off slave…. Anger issues? You are damned right I have anger issues when I see ignorant retards like you bowing to felon ass treasonous thugs on the land of the free…MORON. You are helping to piss away what I served 2 decades to protect…Pound sand retard…. JdL 
That cop deserved to be shot on the spot by some patriotic citizen who is fed up with this nation’s descent into a police-state hellhole. Greg Geitner 
because the various departments who are responsible for these[ expletive of your choice] refuse to make a concerted effort to correct these crimes, it is up to citizens with a conscience and a backbone to stop this madness BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. Ibcamn 
no fitness program in this department either,are all cops just fat nasty donut eaters now days,kinda like the southern cops when i was growing up….fat loud mouths assholes that hide behind their badges.cops are just criminals,why did it take a dozen cops to arrest a skateboarder skating the wrong way on a street…really.what a bunch of losers. Centrist Force 
thugs. unprofessional thugs. they disgrace the uniform and the badge. its been reduced to a badge of state of criminals. Arishia 
“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” Abe Lincoln These cops have more power than they can handle, given the characters they demonstrate. Patty Parfait 
Wow, tough guy has to kick a citizen, he’s so fat he had to go after kid on skateboard than he brags to other thugs how citizen threw something and flipped him off so he had to go after him. Then what, he arrested him for resisting, what did he do that he had to “get him” According to supreme court flipping cops off is NOT illegal. Jamie Hall 
Could it be that, subconsiously or otherwise, what this cop really took offense to was the thought that the fascist pig regime posing as law enforcement could suffer the same fate as the Empire? If not, he’s about to experience such a downfall firsthand. okiejoe100 
Sometimes the “worm” turns. Also known as karma. anarchyst 
“And how we burned in the camps later, thinking: What would things have been like if every Security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive and had to say goodbye to his family? Or if, during periods of mass arrests, as for example in Leningrad, when they arrested a quarter of the entire city, people had not simply sat there in their lairs, paling in terror at every bang of the downstairs door and at every step on the staircase, but had understood they had nothing left to lose and had boldly set up in the downstairs hall an ambush of half a dozen people with axes, hammers, pokers, or whatever else was at hand. The Organs would very quickly have suffered a shortage of officers and transport and, notwithstanding all of Stalin’s thirst; the cursed machine would have ground to a halt . . .” – Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago Social",0
9206,Study: Two Percent of U.S. Counties Have Fifty-One Percent U.S. Murders - Breitbart,"A Crime Prevention Research Center study looking at    data for 2014 shows that two percent of counties in the U. S. account for 51% of U. S. murders. [The study shows that “54% of counties (with 11% of the population) have no murders” while “69% of counties have no more than one murder. ” Taken together these counties, which represent about 31% of the U. S. population, “account for only 4% of all murders in the country. ”  However, CPRC shows that two percent of U. S. counties —  led by Los Angeles County —  account for 51% of all murders. And “the worst 5% of counties contain 47% of the population and account for 68% of murders. ” This is crucial information because gun controllers continuously point to polls claiming a vast majority of Americans support one type of gun control or another, and those same gun controllers point to homicide rates to bolster their push for new laws. One thing the gun controllers do not explain is where the the poll respondents live —  for example, are they all concentrated in the two percent of counties where 51% of U. S. murders occur? And secondly, when listing homicide rates, gun controllers do not point out that murder is a local problem rather than a national one. In other words, murder is serious problem if you live in Los Angeles County, Cook County, or Harris County —  the locations of   Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston —  but it is not a problem if you live in a rural county in Kentucky, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, or the rest of “73 percent” of U. S. counties which had zero murders during any given year from 1977 to 2000. The   points out that even among the counties that lead the nation in murder, the murders are occurring only in certain parts of those counties. They point to a 2015 report in the Hartford Courant, wherein “Yale Ph. D. candidate Michael   explained that Yale University sociologists determined ’70 percent of all shootings in Chicago can be located in a social network composed of less than 6 percent of the city’s population. ’” Think about it —  70 percent of Chicago’s bloodshed and mayhem occurs in an area representing “less than 6 percent of the city’s population. ” Gun controllers would say this means more gun control is needed for the other 94% of the population, but such thinking is  . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
9207,YOUTUBE BANS ‘CLINTON’S BLACK SON’,"Home › US NEWS › YOUTUBE BANS ‘CLINTON’S BLACK SON’ YOUTUBE BANS ‘CLINTON’S BLACK SON’ 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] YouTube on Wednesday terminated the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
But YouTube suddenly reversed its decision on Thursday amid public outcry and reinstated the account in the early morning hours, posting a notice that said only: “After a review of your account, we have confirmed that your YouTube account is not in violation of our Terms of Service. As such, we have unsuspended your account.” 
When it terminated the account on Wednesday, YouTube cited unspecified “repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines” and declared the account “cannot be restored.” 
The YouTube decision to terminate Williams’ account blocked the nine-minute feature “BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,” which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
“My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,” Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube’s decision to suspend the account. “[YouTube] can’t handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.” 
Twitter also continued to allow Williams to post the “Banished” video on Danney Williams’ page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displayed the message : “This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.” 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton’s Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND on Wednesday he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. Post navigation",0
9208,Russia unveils 'Satan 2' missile,"WARS AND RUMORS OF WARS Russia unveils 'Satan 2' missile Nuclear weapon could wipe out France or Texas, report says Published: 7 hours ago 
(CNN) A Russian missile design company has unveiled the first image of a new weapon in Russia’s arsenal: the Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missile, nicknamed “Satan 2.” 
The RS-28 Sarmat rocket “is capable of wiping out parts of the earth the size of Texas or France,” Russian state news outlet Sputnik reported in May. 
The image was published by the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau on its website. 
Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yuri Borsiov said the Sarmat warhead was capable of destroying targets flying across both North and South Poles, Russian state news agency TASS reported Tuesday.",0
9209,"Jason Day, World’s Top Golfer, Pulls Out of Olympics Over Zika Fears - The New York Times","Jason Day, the No.   golfer in the world, became the latest player to pull out of the Olympics because of concern over the Zika virus. “The reason for my decision is my concerns about the possible transmission of the Zika virus and the potential risks that it may present to my wife’s future pregnancies and to future members of our family,” he said in a statement. Day, 28, of Australia, won last year’s P. G. A. Championship for his first major title. Golf is in the Olympics this year for the first time since 1904. But with a large number of key players pulling out, its future may be in doubt. Barry Maister, an International Olympic Committee member from New Zealand, this week blasted the golfers who have dropped out of the Games. “I think it is appalling,” he told the radio station Newstalk ZB. “I don’t like it, and I don’t think the sport should be allowed to continue in the Games under that scenario. ” Maister added, “Just getting in with your name and then putting up some   or   players is so far from the Olympic ideal or the expectation of the Olympic movement. ” With Day out, the top three golfers from Australia (Day, Adam Scott and Marc Leishman) have decided not to go to the Olympics. And the top three golfers from South Africa are all not going: Branden Grace, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel. Shane Lowry also pulled out of the Olympics on Tuesday, citing Zika, meaning the top three golfers who could represent Ireland are also out: Lowry Rory McIlroy, ranked No. 4, who also cited the virus and Graeme McDowell, who said he wanted to be with his wife, Kristin, during her pregnancy. Vijay Singh of Fiji has also pulled out. Gary Player, the    captain of the South African team, joked last week that he was ready to step in and play if needed. In addition to Zika fears, golfers have cited a busy schedule as a concern. The British Open and the P. G. A. are both being held in late July, just before the Games. Golf has been the   sport, but the American cyclist Tejay van Garderen also withdrew from the Games over the virus. Some athletes and coaches have said they will preserve sperm for possible future pregnancies before traveling to Rio. Zika is a   virus linked to severe birth defects. Hundreds of thousands are infected in Brazil, and the virus has been tied to thousands of cases of microcephaly, which causes unusually small heads and brain damage in newborns. The virus can be sexually transmitted. Some scientists have called for postponement or cancellation of the Games because of the health emergency. Olympic officials say the risk is minimal. The   American, Jordan Spieth, No. 2 in the world, is still expected to compete. None of the world’s top female golfers have backed out of the Olympics, even though they ostensibly face a greater health risk. Since the decision to add golf to the Summer Olympics program, the reaction of the top players has been lukewarm. With many major events on the annual calendar, the value of an Olympic medal is not the same as it is for athletes for whom the Olympics is the pinnacle of their sport. Plenty of athletes in those sports are still eager to compete. “Everyone keeps dropping off one by one,” said the   gold medalist Michael Phelps, who is competing in the United States swimming trials in Indianapolis. “Nobody wants to go. But hopefully I get to go soon. ” Serena Williams, speaking at Wimbledon, acknowledged that “it’s difficult for someone that’s in a sport like golf because their main goal, like tennis, is to win slams,” but said of playing at the Olympics, “It is really one of the best experiences that I’ve ever had. ”",0
9210,"Millions Pledged to Europe’s Anti-Trump, Pro-Abortion Campaign","BRUSSELS (AFP)  —   Donor countries on Thursday pledged 181 million euros for charities providing access to safe abortion in response to President Donald Trump’s bar on US funding, organisers said. [The donations came at a “She Decides” conference in Brussels which was attended by 50 countries including Sweden, the Netherlands, Denmark and Belgium.  “I think that the Trump administration decision is a wrong decision, and I’ve never seen any evidence that supports that decision,” Belgian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said as he opened the conference. “You see almost 50 countries here saying we think that this is important and we want to continue working on this. ” In one of his first acts as president, Trump reintroduced the global gag rule, enacted by Ronald Reagan in 1984, which prohibits foreign charities from using US federal funding to provide abortion services, information, counselling or referrals. On Thursday, donor nations and organisations pledged 181 million euros for the global “She Decides” initiative, which was launched by the Netherlands in January, the Belgian foreign ministry said. The Netherlands initiated the https:  . com campaign to compensate for what it said was a 600 million euro ($640 million) annual funding gap caused by Trump’s ban.",0
9211,Caitlyn Jenner ‘Destroyed’ by Trump’s Decision on Bathroom Privacy Rules - Breitbart,"America’s favorite transexual Bruce Caitlyn Jenner finds recent decisions made by President Donald Trump regarding the LGBTQ community deeply disturbing. [The 1976 Olympic decathlon gold medal winner voted for Trump and feels more empathy for the GOP political philosophy than he does with the Democrat party, but Jenner considers the president’s decision to allow the states to determine rules for the use of student bathrooms and locker rooms by transgendered students a step backward.   “When (Trump) pulled back on the Title IX (guidelines) it kind of killed —  It destroyed me,” said the former world’s most versatile athlete. “This of all cases is when we need (the government) to step in. The bottom line is bullying in schools is going to be worse, and then there’s already bullying online where there’s no protection, no escape.  “When you take away protection in schools, to be honest with you, it is devastating to these kids. These politicians say it is to protect their children in bathrooms. But young people will die. And they are transgender. Suicide rates will go up. What if that’s your kid? The federal government is basically saying, you don’t really exist. “I was outspoken when Trump did that. And I should be. ” Jenner still thinks it easier to show a Republican the error of his ways than try to reconstruct a Democrat:  For me, philosophically, I’m on the Republican side. I have conservative views. But I’m also trans.   …     I would much rather convince Republicans to do better with (LGBT) issues than to try to convince Democrats to lower taxes and have less regulations and less government. I work hard, mostly behind the scenes, to change (Republicans’) views. When I sit down with Republican senators, they’ll tell me they’ve never met a trans person before and they’ll mention their faith. I explain how faith has played a big part in what I have done and am doing right now. Just sitting at the table with someone, that can change people’s minds. USA Today reports that Jenner’s memoir includes a quote from Milton Diamond that says, “Biology loves variation. Biology loves differences. Society hates it. ” Diamond might not have meant that a male removing his genitalia demonstrates biological variation, but if the shoe fits —  or, if the high heels fit —  wear them.",0
9212,These guys have found a cunning way to get around licensing Sega’s character designs,"These guys have found a cunning way to get around licensing Sega’s character designs 
@Sonic_hedgehog over on Twitter has spotted this amazingly shoddy bit of kit: 
One size fits most.",0
9213,Germany Urged to Pause on Syrian Escalation,"Germany Urged to Pause on Syrian Escalation November 10, 2016 
Former CIA analyst Ray McGovern presented the following statement to members of Germany’s Bundestag on Thursday, advising them against the proposed deepening of Germany’s military involvement in the Syrian conflict. 
By Ray McGovern 
In view of the surprising election victory of Donald Trump, today’s vote in the Bundestag has assumed even greater importance. There are very passionate warmongers in the United States. Thank goodness, President Obama is not one of them. I believe that Donald Trump, like Obama, would like to find a way to end the armed chaos in Syria. 
I believe it is quite possible that both – Obama and Trump – would prefer that the German government avoid taking steps that would encourage the “hawks” in Washington. The widening of the Syrian war into a NATO war would be such a step. Former CIA analyst Ray McGovern 
In my opinion, a peaceful solution to the disaster in Syria is not possible without cooperation with the Russians. This cooperation would be more likely with a President Trump than it would have been with a President Hillary Clinton. Let’s take the time for a DENKPAUSE – time to think this through. (I myself voted for Dr. Jill Stein. She was the presidential candidate of the U.S. Green Party, a small electoral party committed to peace and protecting the environment.) 
Yesterday, I was part of a group that, in our parlance, belongs to the “one percent” (the elite). In this group was a former U.S. ambassador to NATO. The former ambassador was asked whether it would not be better to talk with the Russians, and to negotiate. He answered the question in a very condescending way: “You are obviously a Trump supporter. But Hillary Clinton will surely win.” The ambassador added that in this case it would be nonsense and unrealistic to expect early negotiations with the Russians. 
Now I admit, “Donald Trump is no Jack Kennedy.” BUT, to make a long story short: I believe that next year with Trump could make possible a more sensible Ostpolitik – policy toward countries to the East of Germany. There could be a relaxation of tension, instead of the escalation that causes more and more of it. 
I believe we should consider the Russians as partners and NOT as enemies. And to quote Winston Churchill, “It’s better to be jaw-jaw than to-war;” it’s better to talk to each other than to go to war. 
Most important, we should take seriously the opportunity for genuine detente. We must now take a DENKPAUSE. The Bundestag should also do some serious rethinking. Let us think of something new – beyond images of the enemy and military solutions. 
For, as we all know so well, DIE GEDANKEN SIND FREI . 
Die Gedanken sind frei, wer kann sie erraten, sie fliegen vorbei wie nächtliche Schatten. Kein Mensch kann sie wissen, kein Jäger erschießen mit Pulver und Blei: Die Gedanken sind frei! Thoughts are free, who can guess them? They fly by, like nocturnal shadows. No one can know them, no hunter can shoot them with powder and lead: Thoughts are free! 
Ich denke was ich will und was mich beglücket, doch alles in der Still’, und wie es sich schicket. Mein Wunsch und Begehren kann niemand verwehren, es bleibet dabei: Die Gedanken sind frei! 
I think what I want, and what delights me, But always in the quiet, and how it is suitable. My wish and desire, no one can deny me, and so it will always be: Thoughts are free! 
Und sperrt man mich ein im finsteren Kerker, das alles sind rein vergebliche Werke. Denn meine Gedanken zerreißen die Schranken und Mauern entzwei: Die Gedanken sind frei! 
And if I am thrown into the darkest dungeon, all such actions are futile, because my thoughts tear all gates and walls apart: Thoughts are free!",0
9214,WikiLeaks: New Evidence Shows DNC Forced Bernie Out,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
John Podesta’s emails released by WikiLeaks reveal that the Democratic National committee (DNC) forced Bernie Sanders out of the race in order to ensure a Clinton victory. 
The DNC functioned as an unofficial Clinton campaign department, rather than the impartial organisation it was supposed to be. 
Observer.com reports: 
In December 2014, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook sent an email to top staffers in which he described a conversation he had with White House Political Advisor David Simas about picking DNC employees who would serve in the best interest of Clinton. Jen O’Malley Dillon was cited as their pick to serve in a “general election planning/preparation role.” 
“Jen O’Malley Dillon, a former deputy campaign manager to Obama in 2012 who is now at Precision Strategies, a firm co-founded by senior Clinton aide Teddy Goff, has informally advised the Clinton campaign and also served as an adviser to theDNC in a role described by some Democrats this spring as a frequent go-between,”reported BuzzFeed in July. “Sanders, a frequent Wasserman-Schultz critic, never enjoyed the same dynamic.” 
The Podesta emails have also revealed that DNC interim chair Donna Brazile worked behind the scenes as a surrogate for the Clinton campaign, violating the neutrality her position as DNC vice chair demanded. Brazile tipped off the Clinton campaign to a difficult CNN town hall question, forwarded them aSanders Outreach campaign outline, and sent an email from CNN staff about a report on the Clinton campaign. Clinton campaign staff also described Brazile as aClinton campaign surrogate in email correspondence. 
An April 2015 email confirmed that the DNC and Clinton campaign coordinated torig the debate schedule for Clinton. “Through internal discussions, we concluded that it was in our interest to: 1) limit the number of debates (and the number in each state); 2) start the debates as late as possible; 3) keep debates out of the busy window between February 1 and February 27, 2016 (Iowa to South Carolina)” read the email from Charlie Baker, a senior advisor to the campaign from the Dewey Square Group. “The other campaigns have advocated (not surprisingly) for more debates and for the schedule to start significantly earlier.” 
A memo from Mook’s assistant dated April 2015 was shared with Clinton staff and the DNC, it outlined a shared strategy to to elevate “pied-piper” candidates such asDonald Trump. “We think our goals mirror those of the DNC,” stated the memo, attached to the email under the title “muddying the waters.” 
Mook expressed frustration in a March 2015 email over the DNC hiring a convention CEO without consulting the Clinton campaign. “Madame Secretary, I’m not going to call anyone or say anything until you have your conversation with DWS, but this concerns me a lot,” wrote Mook. “John–you, Charlie and I may need to sit down with Debbie to make clear how we want things to change/improve before we are willing to consider playing ball with them.” This suggests the Clinton campaign let the DNC and then-chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz know who was boss, and after the incident the DNC and Clinton campaign coordinated more closely together to boost Clinton’s candidacy. 
The released WikiLeaks emails boost the case that the DNC and Democratic Partyleadership subverted democracy to ensure Clinton’s coronation. This collusion and unethical coordination is equivalent to an athlete using performance-enhancing drugs to win a race. While Clinton received over two million more votes than Bernie Sanders in the primaries, her candidacy benefited from the Democratic Partyleadership bending and breaking the rules to rig the primaries for her campaign.",0
9215,6.1 and 5.5 Magnitude Earthquakes Hit Central Italy 2 Hours Apart,"On Oct. 26, 2016, at 19:18:06.3 UTC, a 6.1 magnitude earthquake rattled throughout Central Italy. This occurred two hours after a quake with a magnitude of 5.5 caused severe damages. The epicenter was located at 42.97º N and 13.13º E. It reached a depth of 20 km.
Earlier, on October 26, at 17:10:36.3 UTC, a 5.5 magnitude temblor rumbled Central Italy. Its epicenter originating at coordinates 42:88º N and 13:13º E, with a depth of 9 km. Approximately 2,686,000 people were able to feel the thunderous rumbling.
Two hours after the 5.5 M earthquake destroyed several foundations to iconic buildings, in Central Italy, a relentless 6.1 magnitude temblor originated in the same proximity as the first one. Enduring two earthquakes, above a magnitude 5, increases the chances of significant damages, power outages, and possible flooding.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi announced that the injury reports, thus far, remain at zero. Several buildings have collapsed after a 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurred within two hours of a 5.5 M temblor rocked Central Italy.
Efforts to maintain the safety of the people is ongoing. Aftershocks are anticipated. Guardian Liberty Voice will provide any new information as it becomes available.
Written by Jhayla D. Tyson
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Source:
Reuters: Strong Earthquakes Hit Central Italy, No Deaths Reported
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of Cal OES’ Flickr Page – Creative Commons License Central Italy , earthquake , earthquakes",0
9216,Arctic Sea Ice Extent Again At Record Low For Time Of Year,"Source: Arctic News 
For some time, Arctic sea ice extent has again been at a record low for the time of the year. The image below shows Arctic sea ice extent on October 26, 2016, when extent was only 6.801 million km². 
One reason for the low sea ice extent is the high and rising temperature of the Arctic Ocean. On October 27, 2016, the Arctic Ocean was as warm as 14.8°C or 58.6°F (green circle near Svalbard), 12.1°C or 21.7°F warmer than 1981-2011, as the image below shows. 
On October 29, 2016, the Arctic Ocean was as warm as 14.9°C or 58.8°F (green circle near Svalbard), 12.1°C or 21.8°F warmer than 1981-2011, as the image below shows. 
As the sea ice shrinks, less sunlight gets reflected back into space, while more open water and higher sea surface temperatures also cause storms and cyclones to become stronger. Stronger cyclones also cause greater amounts of water vapor to move up the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean toward the Arctic. [ click on image to enlarge ] [ click on image to enlarge ] 
Less Arctic sea ice and a warmer Arctic Ocean make that more heat and water vapor gets transferred from the Arctic Ocean to the atmosphere. The two above images show temperature forecasts for November 1 & 2, 2016. In both cases, temperatures over the Arctic as a whole are forecast to be as much as 6.40°C higher than 1979-2000. 
As these images show, temperature anomalies in many places are at the top end of the scale, i.e. +20°C or +36°F. 
Above combination image shows record low Arctic sea ice for the time of the year (left) and near record low Antarctic sea ice for the time of the year (right), with a combined sea ice extent of only 23.751 million km² on October 28, 2016. In other words, the world is now absorbing a lot of sunlight that was previously reflected back into space. 
Below are two further temperature forecast: 
Above image shows forecasts for October 31, 2016. The Arctic is forecast to be 6.07°C warmer than 1979-2000, while the Antarctic is forecast to be 4.56°C warmer than 1979-2000. 
Above image shows forecasts for November 1, 2016. The Arctic is forecast to be 6.42°C warer than 1979-2000, while the Antarctic is forecast to be 3.70°C warmer than 1979-2000. 
Rising temperatures over the Arctic further contribute to a rise in the amount of water vapor in the air over the Arctic at a rate of 7% more water vapor for every 1°C warming. Since water vapor is a potent greenhouse gas, more water vapor further accelerates warming in the Arctic. 
The Climate Reanalyzer image below shows the temperature rise in the Arctic over time. 
In the video below, Dr. Walt Meier of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center describes how the Arctic has been losing its thicker and older sea ice over the years (1991 to September 2016). 
The Naval Research Lab 30-day thickness animation below (up to October 28, 2016, with forecasts up to November 5, 2016) further shows minimal recent growth of the Arctic sea ice, especially in terms of the ice with a thickness of 1m or above. 
As the Arctic Ocean gets warmer, the danger grows that large amounts of methane will erupt from destabilizing hydrates at its seafloor. Ominously, high methane levels are visible over the Arctic on the image below, showing methane levels as high as 2424 ppb on October 24, 2016. 
The animation below, made with images from another satellite (and a different scale), shows high methane levels over th Arctic Ocean from October 26 to 28, 2016.",0
9217,[WATCH] 13-Year-Old Girl BREAKS THE INTERNET With Pro-Trump Speech,"0 comments 
A speech 13-year-old Trump supporter Faith Graham made at an Arizona rally is going viral. The teen, who is from the famous Graham family, left the packed crowd cheering at the Phoenix Convention Center as she reminded them all of the importance of voting for the Republican nominee. 
Watch:",0
9218,"Leaving Women’s Hockey to ‘Fly Under the Radar,’ as Himself - The New York Times","BUFFALO  —   For Harrison Browne, the hardest part about being the only openly transgender professional athlete in North American team sports is going from the comfort zone of the dressing room, ice rink and weight room to uncertainty in public, where strangers do not know how to address him, or which gender pronouns to use. “I feel like people don’t take you seriously, and sometimes I don’t take myself seriously either because I’m walking around saying I’m one thing, but I look like I’m something else,” said Browne, 23, a transgender man playing forward for the Buffalo Beauts of the National Women’s Hockey League. Since  he came out publicly as transgender on the eve of the season in October, hockey has been Browne’s refuge. But now he plans to give it up, trading his career for the opportunity, he said, “to fly under the radar in my everyday life. ” Browne plans to retire at the end of the season to undergo a physical transition, starting with surgery in Florida in June to create a chest with male contours, followed by hormone therapy. He then plans to join his girlfriend in Chicago, where she is a social worker, and look for a new career. “It’s going to be so validating to look into the mirror and see the person that I see inside,” Browne said. His final game as a professional hockey player could come Friday when the Beauts, seeded third in the opening round of the N. W. H. L. playoffs, face the   New York Riveters, in Newark. The winner advances to the league championship game Sunday in Lowell, Mass. Browne, who is also known as Brownie, played as Hailey Browne with Team Canada, at the University of Maine and during the inaugural season of the N. W. H. L. in   when he scored five goals and seven assists in 18 games for the Beauts. He had come out to family, friends and teammates by his sophomore year at Maine, but not publicly. There had been athletes on college sports teams who came out as transgender, but never on a pro team in North America. After Browne’s announcement in October, the N. W. H. L. changed his name on its website and later created a transgender policy with the help of You Can Play Project, an organization that works to ensure that athletes are not discriminated against because of sexual orientation or gender identity. “Harrison helped teach us what being inclusive means,” said Dani Rylan, commissioner of the   N. W. H. L. “How he was the same Brownie that he was before the announcement, and it was us accepting him for that. We always said we are an inclusive league, and it did take some learning to realize what that means and to move forward with a policy. We are very proud to be a leader in that. ” The policy took effect in December with a stated purpose of supporting athletes “choosing to express their gender beyond the binary of female and male. ” To address concerns over fair play, there are restrictions about transitioning from male to female. And those taking testosterone hormone therapy are barred, a condition that will disqualify Browne, prompting his retirement. His final season has featured several highlights. Browne was voted into the   Game, held in Pittsburgh in February, and he scored two goals. His jersey sales rank among the top five in the league. And on Monday he was named one of the “Fans’ Three Stars of the Season,” an    award based on fan voting. “I know a lot of people look to him as a sign of hope and sign of change in athletics,” said Chris Mosier, vice president of program development and community relations for You Can Play and a professional triathlete who came out as a transgender man in 2010. “He was the catalyst for the professional league to create a policy that is groundbreaking in its inclusion. ” Still, it has not been easy. “Coming out and having all the support has actually made it a little more difficult going about my daily life,” Browne said. “It’s given me a taste of what it’s like to have people refer to you properly. ” Paige Harrington, who plays defense for the Beauts and is one of Browne’s roommates in Buffalo, said the attention had not all been positive. “Others may not realize how much of a toll it takes on him because he holds himself the right way,” Harrington said. “Brownie is my first trans friend, and life is hard enough without having to deal with a transition. ” The N. W. H. L. will lose many of its marquee names next season, in addition to Browne. National team players will not join the league as they prepare for the Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, in February. The talent drain is the latest blow to the fledgling league, now in its second season. With attendance down, player salaries, which originally ranged from $10, 000 to $26, 000, were slashed about a third. The league tried to compensate for the shortfall by enacting a revenue sharing agreement with players for sales of tickets and jerseys. Browne said the league’s bumps were not related to his decision. “My leaving and retiring has nothing to do with my belief in the league,” he said. His reasons have nothing to do with hockey, either. “I cannot wait until I don’t have to use the cheat sheet anymore, until people just look at me and then see me for what I am, without me having to say anything, without having to read a story,” Browne said. “It will just be me. ”",0
9219,"Germany: Students Forced to Chant ‘Allahu Akbar,’ Punished for Refusing Trip to Mosque","Germany: Students Forced to Chant ‘Allahu Akbar,’ Punished for Refusing Trip to Mosque Intolerance will not be tolerated! Chris Menahan | Information Liberation - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Islamic indoctrination is now mandatory in German schools. 
From The Daily Express : 
PUPILS at a primary school were forced to chant “Allahu Akhbar” and “there is no God but Allah”, an appalled father has claimed. 
The father of the pupil at the girl’s primary school in German ski resort Garmisch-Partenkirchen discovered that his daughter had been forced to learn the Islamic prayer when he discovered a handout she had been given. 
He claimed she had been “forced” by teachers to memorise the Islamic chants and forwarded the handout to Austrian news service unsertirol24. 
The handout read: “Oh Allah, how perfect you are and praise be to you. Blessed is your name, and exalted is your majesty. There is no God but you.” 
It had been given to the girl during a lesson in “ethics” at the Bavarian school. 
What are they going to teach, the ethics of conquest and slavery? 
Here’s another story from yesterday in RT : 
Parents of a German teenager may face a trial and fine for “truancy” after refusing to allow their son to go to a local mosque on a school field trip out of fear that it would lead to his “indoctrination” by Islamic radicals. 
The story broke in mid-June, when parents of a 13-year-old student opposed the idea of their son visiting a mosque in the northern German town of Rendsburg, reportedly organized as part of a geography class. 
In a letter to the class teacher quoted by the NDR, the teen’s father argued that his son would be “indoctrinated” in the mosque. He went on to say that “for years we have been hearing reports about religiously-motivated violence connected with Islamic people.” 
A local education authority subsequently fined the couple a total of €300 ($328), referring to school regulations and regional laws which include penalties for truancy. 
— Alexandra Witt (@AlexiaStellar) October 23, 2016 
When the parents opposed the fine, their case was forwarded to Peter Mueller-Rakow, a local prosecutor, who will decide whether or not to proceed with a court trial, Spiegel reported on Wednesday. 
The parents’ lawyer, Alexander Heumann, argues that they refused the school trip out of fear for their son’s “bodily safety.” 
Denying any faith-based motives, he emphasized that the couple do not belong to any religious group, and are of the opinion that “nobody shall be forced into a sacred place against his good will.” 
…School principal Renate Fritzsche … told NDR that the field trip to the mosque was meant to promote tolerance and diversity. 
“We also have Muslim children with us and Muslim parents also know that there are no exceptions,” she said, adding that swimming lessons and sex education are compulsory for Muslim children as well. “It is not the responsibility of the parents to say: ‘My child will attend such or such class,’” Fritzsche asserted. 
Intolerance will not be tolerated! 
Now get back to your damn prayer rugs and start praying to Mecca! NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
9220,"Jerry Heller, Music Manager Who Promoted N.W.A and Gangsta Rap, Dies at 75 - The New York Times","Jerry Heller, a veteran music manager who helped introduce N. W. A to the masses and promoted gangsta rap to a mainstream audience, died on Friday in Thousand Oaks, Calif. He was 75. The Associated Press reported that Mr. Heller’s cousin, Gary Ballen, said he died in a hospital after he had a heart attack while driving. Mr. Heller and Eric Wright, the rapper known as   founded Ruthless Records in 1987. A year later, the label released “Straight Outta Compton,” the debut album by the rap group N. W. A, whose members, in addition to   were Dr. Dre and Ice Cube, soon to become major figures in   as well as DJ Yella and MC Ren. The album was a hit and helped propel West Coast gangsta rap into the national spotlight  —   and into the center of controversy. Some people said the lyrics of N. W. A and other gangsta rappers glorified violence, while others said they simply reflected the reality of black urban life. N. W. A’s success was  . Ice Cube left in 1989, and the group, which Mr. Heller managed, broke up in 1991 amid accusations of mismanagement. Mr. Heller remained close to   but Dr. Dre and Ice Cube criticized Mr. Heller publicly. The acrimony did not go away. Speaking to The New York Times in April, Ice Cube accused Mr. Heller of “participating in the destruction” of N. W. A and claimed that he had “little or nothing to do with” the group’s music, adding, “We would never listen to his ideas. ” “Straight Outta Compton,” F. Gary Gray’s   2015 film about N. W. A, also presented Mr. Heller, who was played by Paul Giamatti, in a harshly negative light. Mr. Heller complained that he was depicted as “the ‘bad guy’ in the movie who is solely responsible for the demise of N. W. A” and who withheld money from the group. He sued NBC Universal, which released the movie, and more than a dozen others associated with it for defamation, seeking $35 million in actual damages and $75 million in punitive damages. A judge dismissed most of the lawsuit in June. Mr. Ballen told The Associated Press that the litigation had caused Mr. Heller significant stress. Mr. Heller started his music career in the 1960s as an agent and promoter, working with Pink Floyd, Marvin Gaye, Creedence Clearwater Revival and other major rock and RB acts. He set up Elton John’s first performance in the United States, Mr. Ballen told The Associated Press. He was living with his parents after a period of financial trouble when he began working with  . Recalling Mr. Heller’s excitement when he heard a cassette recording of N. W. A’s early work, Mr. Ballen said: “As far as I’m concerned, there would never be a Dr. Dre or an Ice Cube if it wasn’t for Jerry getting their first deal, which was really difficult. Nobody wanted to sign them. ” In 2001, Mr. Heller told The Los Angeles Times that he considered gangsta rap “the most important movement since the beginning of rock ’n’ roll. ” Mr. Heller’s later   ventures included a label specializing in Latino   performers, but he never again achieved the level of success he had with Ruthless Records. In an interview with the website Grantland in 2015, he said that “of all the things that I’ve done, certainly the most important period of my life” was the years he worked with   adding, “That was the period I’m most proud of. ”   died from complications of AIDS in 1995. This year N. W. A was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which called the group “the most controversial and complicated voices of their generation. ” Gerald Heller was born on Oct. 6, 1940, and raised in Cleveland. He said he faced strong   growing up and that his father, the owner of a scrap metal business, spent time with the Jewish mob, Billboard magazine reported. He served in the Army and earned a business degree from the University of Southern California after he was discharged. Mr. Heller’s autobiography, “Ruthless,” written with Gil Reavill, was published in 2006. In addition to Mr. Ballen, Mr. Heller’s survivors include a brother, Ken.",0
9221,"Dakota Access Pipeline violence grows as militarized police use extreme force, tear gas on praying protesters","Dakota Access Pipeline violence grows as militarized police use extreme force, tear gas on praying protesters 
Tuesday, November 01, 2016 by: J. D. Heyes Tags: Dakota Access Pipeline , protestors , police violence (NaturalNews) Tensions are ratcheting up in a region of North Dakota where construction of a pipeline that will take oil to a refinery facility in Illinois is being built, as protestors objecting to the project are clashing with increasingly militarized police . The Bismark Tribune reported that police and protestors clashed as authorities moved in to break up a camp on private property belonging to the pipeline developers.Protestors had initially formed a line of no surrender, the paper said, but it became a line of retreat in the face of a militarized police presence that overwhelmed hundreds of Dakota Access Pipeline protestors, pushing them back from the front line of resistance to their main camp.For about five hours on Thursday, beginning around noon, police officers pressed the protesters back about a half-mile on N.D. Highway 1806, which was away from a new camp they had built earlier in the week that sat directly atop the pipeline easement. Rubber bullets, bean bags, smoke grenades and tasers Unrest continued into the evening hours, however, as police said that two fires were started on a nearby bridge, and protestors began lobbing Molotov cocktails at officers. In addition, police reported two incidents where shots were fired.The Tribune reported that one woman allegedly fired a handgun in the direction of police as she was being arrested, while an armed man who was reportedly run off the road by protesters, and was perhaps not connected to the protest, had to be treated for a gunshot wound to the hand.As police moved in, some protestors were urging calm and prayer, but others threw rocks and water bottles at approaching officers. Eventually the crowd retreated under a barrage of pepper spray, rubber and bean bag bullets, smoke grenades and tasers.By late afternoon, flames and thick plumes of smoke belched out of the cab of one of three Dakota Access Pipeline earth movers, while protestors walked back to their main camp on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' land.In all, police arrested 141 people, the local sheriffs' department said, charging suspects with engaging in a riot, maintaining a public nuisance, and conspiracy to endanger by fire and explosion.A day before the violence, as reported by AMI Newswire , opponents of the pipeline barricaded a highway and pitched their camp on private land. These actions were led by members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe.The previous weekend some 127 people had been arrested.Standing Rock Chairman Dave Archambault II issued a statement last week in which he blamed the rising militarization of police for the increased tensions.""The militarization of local law enforcement and enlistment of multiple law enforcement agencies from neighboring states is needlessly escalating violence and unlawful arrests against peaceful protesters at Standing Rock,"" Archambault said, as quoted by AMI Newswire . ""We do not condone reports of illegal actions, but believe the majority of peaceful protesters are reacting to strong-arm tactics and abuses by law enforcement."" Destruction of burial grounds, water are chief concerns Law enforcement officers countered by saying that, for the vast majority of the protest thus far, they have shown remarkable patience and restraint, and that they only moved after protestors became more aggressive.Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier ticked off a list of alleged violations by protestors, including buzzing a police helicopter with a drone and firing arrows in the direction of officers. He also said that journalists had been harassed and security personnel assaulted.""For months protesters have described us as an aggressive police force,"" Kirchmeier said in a prepared statement, AMI Newswire reported. ""We have done nothing but demonstrate patience and restraint.""Protestors are angry about the pipeline stretching across ancient burial grounds, NewsTarget reported , as well as the potential for pipeline leaks that would pollute local water sources . Sources:",0
9222,Syrian forces purge terrorists from town in Hama province,"Syria Syrian forces patrol the area of Awijah as they advance in Aleppo's militant-held neighborhoods on October 8, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Syrian army soldiers and their allies have managed to liberate a key town in the country’s west-central province of Hama from the grip of Takfiri terrorists. 
An unnamed Syrian military source said on Thursday that the recapture of the town of Suran came after intensive operations against the gatherings and fortified positions of terror outfits in the area. 
“Units from our armed forces in cooperation with the people’s defense forces regained control over the municipality of Suran and the farms surrounding it,” the source said. 
He also noted that the clashes prior to the town’s liberation left a large number of terrorists dead and many more injured, destroying their armored vehicles as well as cars equipped with machine guns. 
Members of the Syrian army’s engineering units are detonating explosive devices and mines planted by militants to prevent the Syrian forces’ advance, he added. 
Over the past few weeks, the Syrian forces have wrested control of several areas across the war-torn country as they press ahead with their counter-terrorism operations. 
Since March 2011, Syria has been hit by militancy it blames on some Western states and their regional allies. Backed by the Russian air cover, the Syrian military is engaged in an operation to rid the country of Daesh and other terrorist groups. 
The so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura have put the death toll from the Syria conflict at more than 300,000 and 400,000, respectively. 
This is while the UN has stopped its official casualty count in Syria, citing its inability to verify the figures it receives from various sources. Loading ...",0
9223,"Review: Agent Orange linked to bladder cancer, hypothyroidism, Parkinson’s","Review: Agent Orange linked to bladder cancer, hypothyroidism, Parkinson’s More veterans may be included in compensation By Christina Sarich - November 11, 2016 
Monsanto and Dow were 2 of the 9 wartime contractors hired by the US government to create Agent Orange, a combination of the toxic chemicals 2,4-D, and 2,4,5-T, just over 40 years ago. The damage these chemicals have perpetrated on our health and environment did not end with the Vietnam War though. 
Aside from the long-term poisoning of soil and crops, a new review of Agent Orange research has found evidence that bladder cancer and hypothyroidism are more strongly linked to exposure to Agent Orange than was previously assumed. 
Although the new information does not support a previously-held belief that spina bifida , a birth defect, occurs more often in the offspring of exposed veterans, a report released by the Institute of Medicine on the health effects of Agent Orange recommended the Veterans Affairs Department grant service-connected presumption to veterans with “Parkinson’s-like symptoms,” not just those diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease related to Agent Orange exposure. In addition cancer, endocrine disease, and neurological impairment still loom large in the shadow of Agent Orange’s use. 
Government agencies and their contractors who made these chemicals claim they dissipated shortly after being sprayed in the air, but two-thirds of these herbicides were contaminated with TCDD, a form of dioxin, a highly toxic substance linked to at least 15 classes of cancer and other medical conditions, as well as several birth defects . 
The toxic legacy on the Vietnamese will remain for generations, even though the dioxin contaminant may eventually be cleansed from the “hot spots” remaining in parts of southern Vietnam to this day. ( Agent Orange Record has a repository of information to corroborate these claims.) 
The 1,115-page review is the last of a series conducted by the IOM (part of the National Academies) on health problems related to Agent Orange and other herbicide use during the Vietnam War. 
The panel responsible for writing the report reviewed scientific literature released between October 2012 and September 2014, chaired by Kenneth Ramos, professor of medicine at the Arizona Health Sciences Center, University of Arizona. 
The pronouncement that Agent Orange caused bladder cancer and hypothyroidism was tied to results of a large study of Korean War veterans who served in the Vietnam War. 
The upgrade for bladder cancer and hypothyroidism from the category “inadequate or insufficient evidence” to “limited or suggestive evidence,” of a link as well as the recommendation to include Parkinson’s-like symptoms to the service-connected list could pave the way for thousands of veterans to receive health care and disability compensation where they have been neglected before. 
This review also shows quite clearly that for either political reasons or scientific ones, or both, we often do not understand the complete ramifications of using pesticides and herbicides until decades after they have been released into the environment, and by this time the damage is far-reaching in multiple layers of society. 
Roughly 2.6 million U.S. veterans served in Vietnam, many of whom may have been exposed to Agent Orange. Many more Vietnamese people, including innocent women and children were exposed to these chemicals as well. The land in Vietnam is still an Agent Orange scourge, with about 12 million gallons of this supercharged weed killer, enough to douse 18,000 square miles , being sprayed on the 66,000 square miles of South Vietnam during the War. That’s enough to cover a fourth of the country. 
Agent Orange was supposedly put out of commission in the 1970’s, but the ecological damage the spraying of these chemicals caused is still evident throughout Vietnam. 
Attorneys for Military Veterans Advocacy and the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Association recently presented oral arguments to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, asking it to decide whether the VA should have included these veterans in their presumption. 
Retired Navy Cmdr. John Wells, executive director of Military-Veterans Advocacy, said the sailors who served on ships should be included because the vessels’ distillation systems used water contaminated with Agent Orange to produce drinking water as well as water used for their boilers. 
“There was no magic, invisible Agent Orange filter at the mouth of the rivers,” Wells said. “We have documented proof of its presence in Nha Trang Harbor, 20 years after the war. That evidence has been presented to the VA. The distillation system which produced drinking water and water for the boilers did not remove the dioxin — it enriched it.” 
Dioxin is a member of the class of persistent organic pollutants which resulted from the deliberately accelerated production of 2,4,5-T, one of the components of Agent Orange. Dioxin can shorten the life of humans exposed to it and is associated with severe degradation of health in this and, potentially, future generations. 
Monsanto was recently held accountable for polluting the environment in non-war time with dioxins. The company had to pay $93 million to citizens of a small town in West Virginia as part of compensation in a settlement for manufacturing dioxins. A factory was opened in Nitro in 1948 for this purpose. 
While this case did not involve glyphosate , another deadly toxin used in Monsanto herbicides such as Roundup, its time will come soon. 
This report makes it clear that further study on the health consequences of dioxin exposure on humans is necessary. Agent Orange is just one of the many deadly chemicals that Monsanto, Dow and other chemical companies manufacture.",0
9224,Downfall of ITT Technical Institutes Was a Long Time in the Making - The New York Times,"Doors were bolted shut and parking lots emptied at ITT Technical Institutes around the country this week after the chain of   colleges announced it was closing for good. At some campuses, though, this was not the first time students and employees found themselves locked out. More than a decade ago, in 2004, federal agents, search warrants in hand, swooped into the company’s offices in eight states, closing schools briefly as they hunted for evidence of fraud related to student recruitment, enrollment, dropout rates, grade inflation, loans, and reported job placements and salaries. The collapse of ITT, one of the nation’s largest   educational chains, may have seemed sudden, coming less than two weeks after the Education Department  —   citing financial instability and the likely loss of accreditation  —   barred the parent company from enrolling new students using federal funds. But the unraveling stretches further back, to a time when ITT was a Wall Street darling, raking in record profits. “It has been a long time coming,” said Carrie Wofford, president of the nonprofit Veterans Education Success and the former senior counsel to a Senate committee investigating   colleges. There was “a lack of fair play that was particularly true at ITT and some others. ” Founded at the end of World War II as part of the original International Telephone  Telegraph, the career schools operation split off into an independent, publicly traded corporation in the  . The switch came as liberals and conservatives began a wholehearted embrace of privatization on the theory that professionally managed,   businesses could do a better job of delivering public services than nonprofits or the government. Investors, thinking that the   education sector was the next big thing, swarmed. With transformations in the economy, more and more working adults were turning to training programs where factory hands could learn to use computers or home health care aides could earn a nursing degree. Providers like ITT Technical Institutes held out the promise, not just of a good job for eager young prospects, but of steady growth in enrollment and revenue as well. From 2000 to 2003, the sector outran every other on Wall Street. Publicly traded    shares climbed 460 percent, according to one analysis, compared with a 24 percent loss for the Standard  Poor’s   index. Some mutual fund managers boasted that the schools’ owner, ITT, had been their most profitable stock. Yet even as business was booming, troubling accusations of abusive practices in the industry like the ones that resulted in the 2004 federal raid bubbled up. That investigation, brought initially by the United States attorney’s office in Houston, was ultimately closed, but suspicions continued to trail ITT and other   giants. The next year, ITT agreed to a $725, 000 settlement with California after employees revealed that the company inflated grades to qualify students for state financial aid. Several investors, convinced company officials had lied to them, filed securities fraud lawsuits. A major grievance was that the industry was overselling programs that left enrollees with deep debt and degrees that had little value in the job market. Students weren’t the only potential victims so were taxpayers. The company said it was more concerned with the present than the past. “We’re involved in the complicated and   process of closing our academic institutions after approximately 50 years of outstanding service to students and employers who hire them,” said Nicole Elam, a spokeswoman for ITT Technical Institutes. “When students have been abruptly forced into the streets and employees’ livelihood ripped from them,” she added, “regurgitating unproven allegations as a means to justify this horrific end is shameless. ”   colleges were a magnet for billions of dollars in federal student loans and grants to   students. In 2010, they gobbled up more than $32 billion, a quarter of all federal financial aid, nearly double their share less than a decade earlier, the Senate committee inquiry found. Hundreds of millions more flowed in from the Pentagon and veterans’ programs through the G. I. Bill. For ITT, the total haul in federal dollars that year equaled $1. 1 billion. Absent that steady stream of public funds, these privately managed businesses would collapse. With Wall Street demanding steady growth, the pressure on the company’s managers was relentless. The chain was adding eight to 10 new campuses a year, according to the Senate committee. Former employees said recruiters pushed to enroll more and more students  —   regardless of their preparation, chances of graduating or ability to repay their loans  —   even as the company pared instructional costs and raised tuition to increase profits. Although the investigations temporarily depressed ITT’s stock, within a few years, the company was soaring to new heights thanks to an otherwise disastrous development: the Great Recession. As employers shed workers, many more people returned to school, taking on enormous debts in the hope of bolstering their credentials and skills and improving their chances on the job market. Profits took off, but so did disenchantment with the industry. Aggrieved students, graduates who found their degrees of little value, even insiders who became   turned to online websites and watchdog groups. Many filed complaints with state prosecutors and regulators, the Education Department and lawmakers. They reported deceptive marketing   recruitment tactics misleading information about costs, courses, graduation and job placement rates inflated enrollment numbers    schemes subpar instruction and more. Ms. Wofford of Veterans Education Success said that every time the government tried to clamp down on an abuse, some   colleges would come up with a scheme to circumvent the rule, like a private loan program set up by ITT to keep the pipeline of federal funds flowing. “There’s a perniciousness that’s disturbing,” Ms. Wofford said. Some employees tried to change company practices. Rodney Lipscomb, the former dean of academic affairs at an ITT campus in Tallahassee, Fla. said he was on the job six months, “when I really started to say something’s not right. ” Hired in the spring of 2011, he was disturbed by the aggressive recruitment, something he had never seen during his two decades at public educational institutions. Former students returned to the school, stunned by letters demanding payment for   loans they knew nothing about. Worst of all, he said, staff members would then persuade those same students to   in unrelated programs and take on even more debt as a way of deferring the loans that were already due. He started filing reports, detailing his concerns. “I really believed at that time, I could fix it if I got to the right folks,” said Mr. Lipscomb, who now works for a community college in Texas. “But the higher I reported up the chain, the worse the environment got for me. ” Finally he was told a lawyer from the company’s headquarters in Indiana and the district manager were coming to Florida to meet with him. “I was very happy,” he said. “I thought they were going to take action. ” Instead, Mr. Lipscomb said, they told him that if he continued to report his complaints, he would be fired. In 2015, he was. He has since filed a   suit against ITT Technical Institutes in federal court, accusing the company of defrauding the government of money and wrongful termination. Beyond the spate of private lawsuits, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Justice Department, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and 19 states have either investigated or sued ITT. The Education Department actively monitored the company’s finances starting in 2014. But it was last month’s ban on enrolling new students with federal funds that delivered the death blow. Now many current as well as former students have been left stranded. “This has a huge impact on my life,” said Chris Blank, a    former Marine who was studying electrical engineering at an ITT campus in California. “I relied on G. I. benefits. They are all basically wasted and I can’t get any of those back. ”",0
9225,Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race,"Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race Julia Angwin and Terry Parris Jr., Pro Publica, October 28, 2016 
Imagine if, during the Jim Crow era, a newspaper offered advertisers the option of placing ads only in copies that went to white readers. 
That’s basically what Facebook is doing nowadays. 
The ubiquitous social network not only allows advertisers to target users by their interests or background, it also gives advertisers the ability to exclude specific groups it calls “Ethnic Affinities.” Ads that exclude people based on race, gender and other sensitive factors are prohibited by federal law in housing and employment. 
{snip} 
The ad we purchased was targeted to Facebook members who were house hunting and excluded anyone with an “affinity” for African-American, Asian-American or Hispanic people. ( Here’s the ad itself .) 
When we showed Facebook’s racial exclusion options to a prominent civil rights lawyer John Relman , he gasped and said, “This is horrifying. This is massively illegal. This is about as blatant a violation of the federal Fair Housing Act as one can find.” 
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 makes it illegal “to make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published any notice, statement, or advertisement, with respect to the sale or rental of a dwelling that indicates any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.” Violators can face tens of thousands of dollars in fines . 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 also prohibits the “printing or publication of notices or advertisements indicating prohibited preference, limitation, specification or discrimination” in employment recruitment. 
{snip} 
Facebook says its policies prohibit advertisers from using the targeting options for discrimination, harassment, disparagement or predatory advertising practices. 
“We take a strong stand against advertisers misusing our platform: Our policies prohibit using our targeting options to discriminate, and they require compliance with the law,” said Steve Satterfield, privacy and public policy manager at Facebook. “We take prompt enforcement action when we determine that ads violate our policies.” 
{snip} 
He said Facebook began offering the “Ethnic Affinity” categories within the past two years as part of a “multicultural advertising” effort. 
Satterfield added that the “Ethnic Affinity” is not the same as race–which Facebook does not ask its members about. Facebook assigns members an “Ethnic Affinity” based on pages and posts they have liked or engaged with on Facebook. 
When we asked why “Ethnic Affinity” was included in the “Demographics” category of its ad-targeting tool if it’s not a representation of demographics, Facebook responded that it plans to move “Ethnic Affinity” to another section. 
Facebook declined to answer questions about why our housing ad excluding minority groups was approved 15 minutes after we placed the order. 
{snip}",0
9226,Tim Kaine Says Hillary Clinton Has Learned From Email ‘Mistake’ - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton will be “real transparent” with Americans after learning lessons from the controversy over her use of a private email server, her running mate, Tim Kaine, said on Sunday, expressing optimism that she could improve her trust deficit with voters over the next month. Appearing on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Mr. Kaine also said Mrs. Clinton and President Obama would together decide how to proceed with Mr. Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court, if she won the presidency in November. Mr. Kaine’s primary objective on NBC was to help Mrs. Clinton move on from her latest email imbroglio: her inaccurate statement last week that the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, had called her answers about her private email server “truthful. ” Mr. Comey told Congress last month that he could not say if Mrs. Clinton had lied to Americans about her email practices, also saying the F. B. I. had “no basis to conclude she lied to the F. B. I. ” While Mrs. Clinton said on Friday that she “may have  ” by suggesting that Mr. Comey had unconditionally vouched for her, Mr. Kaine focused on Mrs. Clinton’s admission that her use of the private server had been a “mistake”  —   a word he repeated four times  —   and said she had apologized for the matter. “I know that this is something that she’s learned from, and we’re going to be real transparent, absolutely,” Mr. Kaine said. Mrs. Clinton made her first apologies roughly a year ago and has promised to be more open, yet she was criticized for going more than 200 days without holding a formal news conference until Friday, when she took questions from reporters in Washington. Mr. Kaine suggested that more voters might trust Mrs. Clinton “even a month from now,” reflecting an ABC   Post poll on Sunday in which Mrs. Clinton held an edge in trustworthiness over Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee. Asked which candidate was more honest and trustworthy, 49 percent of respondents chose Mrs. Clinton and 40 percent chose Mr. Trump, while the margin was narrower  —   46 percent to 43 percent  —   among registered voters. Both results were Mrs. Clinton’s best against Mr. Trump since the poll started asking the question in May, according to a news release accompanying the poll. Mrs. Clinton holds a lead of eight percentage points among registered voters over all, according to the poll, and has improved markedly with   white women  —   a group that Democrats have struggled to win for decades. But she continued to fare poorly among white men without college degrees. Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, on Sunday played down the troubles that Mr. Trump has caused for himself recently with comments at his rallies and interviews, including his attacks on a Gold Star family and his surprising decision to withhold endorsements from Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator John McCain for several days last week. Mr. Manafort said on Fox’s “Sunday Morning Futures” that the general election was just starting and that Mr. Trump would focus on attacking Mrs. Clinton starting on Monday with an economic speech in Detroit. “The campaign is a   campaign  —   we’re at the beginning,” Mr. Manafort said. “Starting Monday, we’re going to be announcing our economic plan. When we do that, we’re comfortable that we can get the agenda and the narrative of the campaign back on where it belongs, which is comparing the tepid economy under Obama and Clinton versus the kind of growth economy that Mr. Trump wants to build. ” Perhaps Mr. Kaine’s most surprising comments were about the fate of Judge Garland. He and Mrs. Clinton strongly support Judge Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court, but the judge’s future remains unclear in the   Senate. If the Senate does not act on Judge Garland, and Mrs. Clinton becomes president in January, she would have to decide whether to stick with the choice of Mr. Obama, her close ally, or to pick someone else for the vacancy. Mr. Kaine, who represents Virginia in the Senate, said the fate of Judge Garland “will be for the president and the   to decide,” adding that it was up to Republicans in control of the Senate to bring the nomination to a vote. Asked if it was a 100 percent certainty that Mrs. Clinton would stick with Judge Garland’s nomination if she were elected, Mr. Kaine sidestepped the question and said that the onus was on Republicans to hold a vote and that he would vote in favor of the nomination. On Syria, Mr. Kaine said he believed the Obama administration had sent “a mixed message” about whether President Bashar   had to be deposed after crossing Mr. Obama’s   red line forbidding Syria to use chemical weapons. Still, Mr. Kaine said he supported the administration’s decision not to focus on ousting or replacing Mr. Assad and instead to concentrate on battling the Islamic State in Syria and elsewhere. On CNN’s “State of the Union,” Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, who challenged Mr. Trump for the Republican nomination and has refused to endorse him, ruled out voting for Mrs. Clinton in November, as some Republicans have said they would do. But asked if he would vote for Mr. Trump, Mr. Kasich said, “I wish that I could be fully enthusiastic  —   I can’t be  —   so I don’t know what’s going to happen in the end. ” He also said he did not know if Mr. Trump could win Ohio in November  —   a key state in his electoral strategy  —   if Mr. Trump continued to make controversial comments. “I still think it’s difficult if you are dividing to be able to win in Ohio,” he said. “I think it’s really, really difficult. ” Mr. Kasich also confirmed a recent report in The New York Times Magazine that one of his aides had received a phone call from the Trump campaign to offer the   slot with a promise that Mr. Kasich could have unusual authority over domestic and foreign policy in a Trump administration. Mr. Kasich, in his remarks to CNN, did not go into detail and added that he had personally never gotten a call. He added: “I was never interested in being anyone’s vice president. Never considered it. Why would I want to be? I would be the worst vice president. I have too many opinions. ” The Trump campaign has disputed details about the call, and Mr. Trump has said he never offered the   position to Mr. Kasich.",0
9227,Miami’s Cuban Exiles Celebrate Castro’s Death - The New York Times,"MIAMI  —   It did not matter that it was the middle of the night, or that it began to drizzle. When this city’s   residents heard the news, they sprinted to Little Havana. They banged pots and pans. They sang the Cuban national anthem and waved the Cuban flag. They danced and hugged, laughed and cried, shouted and rejoiced. The seemingly eternal vigil for the death of Fidel Castro, a man who had profoundly changed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people here  —   dividing their families, taking their property, imprisoning and sometimes shooting their friends and relatives, wrenching them from their homes and their country  —   was over. Finally. “I owe this to my dad  —   this going out and celebrating,” said Isabel De Lara, 67, a former banker who came to Calle Ocho  —   Eighth Street  —   to join in the jubilation. She wished her father, who is dead, could have joined her. More than five decades had passed since Ms. De Lara stepped off a plane alone, from Cuba, sent here at age 12 by parents who feared for her future after the Castro revolution. For her and so many others, Mr. Castro’s death was a watershed, for he embodied the revolution and the heartbreak that followed. “Him dying represents the end of something awful that happened to us,” she said. “It’s actually him  —   not anybody else  —   who caused this. It’s because of him that we lost our opportunity to have a life in our country. ” Waves of other Cubans also came, transforming not just their own lives but the city itself, gradually turning it into the unofficial bilingual capital of Latin America. With the goal of ousting Mr. Castro and establishing democracy in Cuba, early exiles built a degree of political and economic clout that outstripped their relatively small numbers. Focusing first on local politics and business in the 1970s and 1980s, the exiles and their children, led by the powerful Cuban American National Foundation, catapulted into national politics and influence. They gained the power to tilt presidential elections toward Republicans and sway American foreign policy against appeasement with Mr. Castro. “It was important to take the struggle outside of Eighth Street to Washington,” said Jorge Mas Santos, the son of Jorge Mas Canosa, the man who spearheaded the foundation and was seen as the leader of Miami’s exile community. That influence remains. The American trade embargo on Cuba is still in force, requiring the vote of a Congress that is reluctant to remove it. And this year’s presidential campaign saw two Americans of Cuban descent  —   Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz  —   run for the office. But in the last decade, the     grip on the minds and votes of people in Miami and elsewhere has weakened, creating divisions among   over how deeply to engage with Cuba and its people. With Mr. Castro’s death, some   are pushing for retrenchment and hope that   Donald J. Trump will crack down now that the government has lost its father figure. Others say that this is the time to flood the zone with more people, ideas and goods. Cuba’s president, Raúl Castro, has opened the window slightly to economic reform, travel and American influence. Now that his older brother is gone, they argue, he will be freer to make changes. But the oldest and most vehement exiles  —   the historicos, as they are called  —   are dying off in large numbers. Their children, while still passionately opposed to Mr. Castro, are open to closer ties with the Cuban people as a way of stoking change. (Even Mr. Mas Santos is part of this group.) And their grandchildren know far less about Cuba and Mr. Castro many are more intrigued than outraged. At the same time, recent arrivals, while deeply disenchanted with the Cuban government, want to see and help their relatives on the island, above all else. Those shifts in attitude have been translated in Washington. Two years ago, President Obama surprised   by announcing a series of changes. He   diplomatic ties and made it easier for Americans to visit and send money and goods, and also for American businesses to establish a foothold. “We have moved from a politics of passion to a politics of realism,” said Andy Gomez, a political analyst who was a senior fellow in Cuban studies at the University of Miami. “We are going to be passionate for the next 72 hours. But the realism is that the transition has to come within the island. The leadership has to come from within the island. I don’t think anyone in South Florida thinks they will be president of Cuba, and if they do they are fools. ” But Saturday was mostly a day to celebrate. Overnight, thousands, including Ms. De Lara, joined an impromptu conga line of catharsis in front of Versailles Restaurant on Eighth Street, the unofficial headquarters of Miami’s Cuban exiles. So many people showed up, including scores of young people, that the police, at the mayor’s request, closed off several blocks to accommodate the celebration. Erick and Janette Revuelta stood outside Versailles toasting Mr. Castro’s death with small cups of Cuban coffee. They had come from the St. Augustine, Fla. area to celebrate Thanksgiving with family. Mr. Revuelta, 38, came to America by raft when he was 16, along with his father and two brothers, in 1994, just before President Bill Clinton signed the agreement with Cuba that allowed refugees to stay only if they reached dry land, the   “wet foot, dry foot” policy. His mother immigrated several years later. Mr. Revuelta also came to Calle Ocho when rumors of Mr. Castro’s death previously spread. “I was here last time he died,” he said. “It’s been a long time coming. ” Antonio Rodgriguez, 73, left the island in 1960, shortly after he was imprisoned for three months after speaking against the government. He took a dimmer view. “He died, but his brother is still there, the government is still there, it’s still the oppressive government,” Mr. Rodgriguez said. Vivian   Castellá, 75, was 19 when she came to the United States from Havana, thinking her stay would be temporary. In the early hours of Saturday, she wept after hearing the news, changed out of her pajamas and joined the caravan to Little Havana. She danced in the middle of the street, hugging strangers, as car horns blared. But there was an overlay of sadness. Ms. Castellá knew so many people who had waited for this day their entire lives, and many of them had died before it came. “There was such sadness to think of all the people, and what everyone went through, and the people who aren’t here today to celebrate and witness this,” she said. “My brother who was in the Bay of Pigs, he couldn’t enjoy it the way I am. The people they killed. The people who drowned on the way over here. ” In Miami, the   convulsion had long been talked about, rumored and planned for. Once, the city and county had a contingency plan to address a possible mass exodus of Cubans from the island to Miami that is no longer anticipated. But many schools have a    plan. And police departments were prepared for what to do  —   in Miami, this meant letting the people celebrate. The fact that Mr. Castro’s death came during a long holiday weekend made the news more manageable in many ways. Luis Lasa, 67, a retired banker, watched events unfold on television from his home, but it felt no less emotional. It was a lifetime ago that his father, an executive for an American company in Cuba, got a call from a military office on Oct. 25, 1960, warning him to leave the country. He left that night, and the family followed the next day. Mr. Lasa was 10 years old. “They destroyed our families, they destroyed our traditions,” said Mr. Lasa, who lost a cousin in the bungled Bay of Pigs invasion. “Forget the property that we lost. We had been in Cuba 250 years. We lost so much there. ” On Saturday, for so many exiles, it finally became easier to look forward and not back. Fidel Castro, even in his old age, remained the symbol of the revolution. Raúl Castro ruled, but always in his older brother’s shadow, exiles said. Without Fidel Castro, Cuba can exhale. Even though change may not come quickly, there is a strong possibility it will come. “This is the beginning of the end,” Mr. Lasa said.",0
9228,"Spotted in Rio: Gisele Bündchen, Bermuda Shorts, and Michael Phelps as a Lightning Bug - The New York Times","Sulu, gho, kera, kalpak, dishdasha and dashiki sound more like crossword puzzlers than words in common parlance. Yet they are the names of elements of costumes that, for centuries, denoted national identity and are now taken out of cultural mothballs for the Olympics. The less said the better about the theatrics of an opening ceremony that combined elements of Cirque du Soleil with a visit to Epcot to produce a spectacle with all the appeal of a public service announcement, one whose oddball highlight might have been the Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen’s taking a victory lap in what was billed as her   strut down a catwalk. With her   legs exposed in a sequined gold dress designed by her countryman Alexandre Herchcovitch and slit thigh high, the Victoria’s Secret beauty Bündchen was not operating at a particularly high degree of difficulty  —   particularly given that her runway strut has seldom been surpassed. To the strains of “The Girl From Ipanema,” Bündchen walked across a stage in front of nearly 80, 000   spectators and millions of viewers around the planet. That was it. This viewer gave her a 10. What eventually followed, after some dire but dull invocations of the threats of global warming, was the Parade of Nations  —   that wonderful and anachronistic Disneyesque march of athletes from around the world. It is their big moment. And for many Olympic qualifiers, it will be the only one. Pride of nationality is a complicated matter, and conveying national identity is a challenge that would send most sensible fashion designers running. There are two default positions, and both were on offer at this Olympics ceremony. One is to outfit teams in such traditional garb as the Bhutanese gho, Austrian lederhosen or the Fijian sulu. The other is, apparently, a piped rowing blazer paired with trousers or shorts. It worked in some cases, as in the jaunty aqua blazers worn by athletes from Aruba, and not in others. The   striped blazers in which Australia’s athletes were attired had been produced by the   label Sportscraft and were paired with gold accessories. Even before the team came on the field at Maracanã Stadium, Twitter lit up with commentary about how much they resembled something that might be worn by Draco Malfoy and his Slytherin housemates. Nobody made much mention of the shoes by Toms. Barbados had   blazers. Bermuda went with classic navy, worn, of course, with Bermuda shorts. Spain had classic blue blazers with natty   hats. Canada had oddly blocky blazers produced by Dean and Dan Caten, the     designers of DSquared2. Oddly, given the identical Caten twins’ history of making   clothing, the uniforms had the formless look of   athleisure wear, generic but for the telltale maple leaf. Led by Michael Phelps as flag bearer, the   United States delegation appeared in blazers designed by Polo Ralph Lauren and worn over   whose striped bars, when the jackets were left fastened, bore an unfortunate resemblance to the Russian flag. The jackets had electroluminescent panels able to light up a pocket emblem and the initials U. S. A. on the yoke. An early call to have all the athletes illuminated was scrapped as too ostentatious. In the end, only Phelps was an Olympics lightning bug. That was too bad, as things turned out, since the gimmick barely registered amid the welter of   extras and athletes from all nations who, almost as soon as they took the field, forgot all about citizenship and blended into an enormous scrum of wondrous physical specimens. There was commonality amid the blur of blended national affiliations. It took the form of an accessory that cuts across all boundaries and borders: the selfie stick.",0
9229,Who’s Got a Carrier to Rival the U.S. Navy’s? (Hint: Not Russia.) - The New York Times,"An aircraft carrier can be a very handy tool, especially when trouble flares up far from a friendly military base. Just ask the Pentagon, which has 10 big   supercarriers that it uses around the world to protect air and sea lanes and to mount airstrikes. There’s generally at least one of them stationed near the Middle East at all times. So, as other countries join in military action against extremists in the world’s hot spots, can’t they send their own carriers into action? Well, they could if they had any. But, aside from the 10 American giants, there’s currently only one big carrier in the whole world that can handle such a job  —   and it doesn’t belong to Britain, Russia or even China. It’s the Charles de Gaulle, the flagship and pride of the French Navy, and it’s been sent several times to join the fight against the Islamic State in Syria and in Libya. The carrier’s strike group performed so well in pounding the militants in the region that the United States Navy awarded it a Meritorious Unit Commendation in June. And President François Hollande of France announced on July 13 that the Charles de Gaulle would be redeployed to the Middle East this fall. Though it is   the Charles de Gaulle isn’t quite a supercarrier  —   it’s shorter and much lighter, and doesn’t pack the same punch. But neither does it rate down among the small escort carriers and helicopter carriers that a number of navies employ. It is considered a   fleet carrier, and these days, it has that category practically to itself. Russia has the Admiral Kuznetsov, but that ship has been plagued with mechanical problems and doesn’t leave port often, though there are reports that it will operate in the eastern Mediterranean in the autumn. A partially completed sister carrier was sold to China, but it has yet to complete trials. India has an older Russian castoff that rarely sails, and Brazil’s      fleet carrier, the São Paulo, is being refitted. Britain, which got out of the fleet carrier game years ago for cost reasons, is getting back in: A newly built carrier, which is larger than the Charles de Gaulle, is expected to be commissioned next year. Another will follow several years after that.",0
9230,WHAT? Some Cities Are Now Pushing For Noncitizen Immigrants TO VOTE – American Lookout,"WHAT? Some Cities Are Now Pushing For Noncitizen Immigrants TO VOTE shares 
Every time Donald Trump suggests the election could be rigged in some way, Democrats and their many media allies scoff and laugh, then accuse Trump of promoting conspiracy theories. 
At the same time, the left is trying to steal the election in broad daylight. 
Bloomberg reports: 
Some Cities Want Their Noncitizen Immigrants to Vote 
“Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,” Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There’s no evidence to support the Republican nominee’s claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include noncitizens. 
The latest is San Francisco, where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city’s public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all. “One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn’t have a voice,” says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants. “We’ve had legal immigrants who’ve had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.” Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the “broken immigration system in this country.” 
Noncitizen voting isn’t as radical as it might sound. For more than half of U.S. history, from 1776 until the 1920s, noncitizens were widely permitted to participate in elections. “We had 40 states that used to allow it,” says Ron Hayduk, an associate professor of political science at San Francisco State University. “Immigrants could vote, not just in local elections,” he says. “They could even run for office—and did win office.” The hope, Hayduk says, was that immigrants would feel more invested in civic life if they were able to participate in American democracy. 
Do you think Democrats would want non-citizens to vote if they tended to vote Republican? 
Of course not. 
The Democrat party is a criminal enterprise and they’ll do whatever they have to do to win. shares ",0
9231,"Selected Articles: Trump, the “Alt-right”, and “The Deep State” - Russia News Now","
By Peter Koenig , November 15 2016 
The elections may have been rigged, probably by both sides, as the elusive elite, or what’s also called the ’Deep State’, may be divided. It looks like the better ‘rigger’ emerged as the winner. The final popular vote count indicates a slight advantage of Hillary over Trump. Never mind, the system was purposefully designed un-democratically in the 18th Century by the Founding Fathers, who never really had the intention to create a truly democratic United States of America of equal rights for all. 
By Tony Cartalucci , November 15 2016 
The so-called “alternative right” is at least posing as holding its breath over the prospects of Bush-era Neo-Conservative John Bolton being appointed as US Secretary of State. However, with the appointment of Breitbart’s Steven Bannon as Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor of the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, Bolton and his Neo-Conservative agenda already has a solid foot in the door. 
By Dr. Binoy Kampmark , November 15 2016 
In an age where many pundits and pollsters ought to be put out to an ignoble pasture, predictions and astrology gazing on the US election continues. While he did have a better sense of this election than most, actually predicting the result, Michael Moore has decided to essentially ignore it except in the negative. 
By Carla Stea , November 15 2016 
NATO’s preparation for, and provocation of war with Russia is evident in these UN Security Council meetings. This brinksmanship is a game of “chicken,” or, perhaps this perilous activity can be more aptly described as NATO’s game of “Russian Roulette” with the lives of all humanity. 
By Ellen Brown , November 15 2016 
Donald Trump was an outsider who boldly stormed the citadel of Washington DC and won. He has promised real change, but his infrastructure plan appears to be just more of the same – privatizing public assets and delivering unearned profits to investors at the expense of the people. He needs to try something new; and for this he could look to Abraham Lincoln, whose bold solution was very similar to one now being considered in Europe: just print the money. Related ",0
9232,Wells Fargo’s ‘Living Will’ Plan Is Rejected Again by Regulators - The New York Times,"Wells Fargo has run afoul of banking regulators once again: On Tuesday, for the second time this year, the bank did not pass a key regulatory test that was created after the 2008 financial crisis to reduce the threats that large banks pose to the broader economy. In April, regulators announced that they had rejected the “living will” plans proposed by Wells Fargo and four other major banks. Each bank had been required to submit a plan to unwind itself in a way that would safeguard the economy in case of the bank’s failure. Since then, all five banks have resubmitted their   plans only Wells Fargo’s plan did not pass muster. Because of the continuing problems with Wells Fargo’s plan, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation will prohibit it from establishing new international units or acquiring a subsidiary that is not a bank. Those penalties can be lifted if Wells Fargo fixes its plan by March 31. Wells has until then to submit its plan a third time if the problems linger too long, regulators could place additional limits on the company. For instance, the bank could be forced to start selling assets in certain units, including at its brokerage arm. In a statement on Tuesday, Wells Fargo said it believed it had already addressed the areas with which regulators had found fault. “We will continue to work closely with the agencies to better understand their concerns so that we can bring our resolution process in line with their expectations,” the bank said. Regulators said the issue with Wells Fargo’s plan was not related to its huge sham accounts fraud, which has plunged the bank into turmoil since September. Wells is still struggling to investigate and contain the damage from that scandal, in which thousands of bankers were fired for creating secret and unwanted accounts on behalf of customers, some of whom lost money or had their credit records damaged. Still, the   issue is the latest black eye for Wells Fargo, which was only a few months ago was considered one of the nation’s most   banks. All the largest American banks must submit to regulators their living wills, or strategies for unwinding themselves in an orderly way  —   something they lacked in 2008, when the federal government had to prop up sagging banks like Citigroup and Bank of America. The   requirement, passed as part of the 2010   financial overhaul, is meant to prevent taxpayers from having to bail out big banks again in the event of a huge financial failure. Of all the rules passed in the wake of the crisis, this requirement is designed to address most directly the issue of big banks’ being too big to fail.   lobbyists have grumbled that the living wills are another costly exercise that requires companies to spend months trying, often unsuccessfully, to divine the will of regulators. In its statement, Wells Fargo said it had created an office within the bank dedicated to correcting problems with its   proposal. Democrats are holding up the living wills as an example of the strength and success of   at a time when Republicans are vowing to undo parts of the law once   Donald J. Trump takes office. Senator Sherrod Brown, an Ohio Democrat who is the ranking member of the banking committee, said, “Today’s joint determination is a reminder that Wall Street reform is working to rein in the megabanks that crashed our economy and got bailed out by taxpayers. ” It is ironic, in some ways, that Wells is the one bank that continues to have problems proving to regulators that it could manage its unwinding itself in the event of a bankruptcy. During the financial crisis, Wells avoided many of the mortgage missteps that nearly sank Wall Street. Compared with other large banks, it was relatively well capitalized to withstand the shocks of the 2008 crisis. But its regulatory star has fallen since the sham account scandal erupted. The bank’s longtime leader, John G. Stumpf, was called to testify twice before Congress, where he faced a barrage of criticism for failing to properly manage the bank and stamp out the bad behavior. Mr. Stumpf has since stepped down. In a settlement over the illegal accounts, Wells paid $185 million  —   including $100 million to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the largest fine that agency had ever assessed. The regulators cited specific technical deficiencies in Wells’s living will, including issues of “shared services” and “legal entity rationalization. ” These problems generally point to the fact, regulators have said, that Wells has not figured out how to adequately unwind all of the many complex and interconnected parts of its banking empire. Regulators said the other four other banks they had faulted in April  —   Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, State Street and JPMorgan Chase  —   had addressed the deficiencies in their plans.",0
9233,Rogue Bureaucrats at Homeland Security Leak Report Critical of Trump,"Rogue bureaucrats at the Department of Homeland Security have leaked an “incomplete” report critical of President Trump’s executive order that temporarily blocked the issuance of visas to seven Middle Eastern countries that previous administrations had declared “sponsors of state terrorism” or countries of concern. [Based on that leaked document, the Associated Press published a story on Friday with the headline “AP Exclusive: DHS report disputes threat from banned nations. ”    WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Analysts at the Homeland Security Department’s intelligence arm found insufficient evidence that citizens of seven   countries included in President Donald Trump’s travel ban pose a terror threat to the United States. A draft document obtained by The Associated Press concludes that citizenship is an “unlikely indicator” of terrorism threats to the United States and that few people from the countries Trump listed in his travel ban have carried out attacks or been involved in   activities in the U. S. since Syria’s civil war started in 2011. Click here to see the leaked document. “Homeland Security spokeswoman Gillian Christensen on Friday did not dispute the report’s authenticity, but said it was not a final comprehensive review of the government’s intelligence, the AP reported: “While DHS was asked to draft a comprehensive report on this issue, the document you’re referencing was commentary from a single intelligence source versus an official, robust document with thorough interagency sourcing,” Christensen said. “The   …     report does not include data from other intelligence community sources. It is incomplete. ” “The   report challenges Trump’s core claims,” the AP reported: It said that of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to carry out or try to carry out an attack in the United States, just over half were U. S. citizens born in the United States. The others were from 26 countries, led by Pakistan, Somalia, Bangladesh, Cuba, Ethiopia, Iraq and Uzbekistan. Of these, only Somalia and Iraq were among the seven nations included in the ban. Of the other five nations, one person each from Iran, Sudan and Yemen was also involved in those terrorism cases, but none from Syria. It did not say if any were Libyan. Last week, Breitbart News reported that David Grannis, Principal Deputy Undersecretary for Intelligence and Analysis in the Office of Intelligence and Analysis at the Department of Homeland Security, is a holdover Obama bureaucrat who President Trump could remove from his position immediately:  A lifelong Democrat, “[p]rior to joining DHS, Mr. Grannis served as the Staff Director of the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (SSCI) from 2009 through 2014 and as the Minority Staff Director for 2015. During this time, he served as the principal intelligence advisor to SSCI Chairman Dianne Feinstein and SSCI Members and led the Committee’s efforts to produce and enact annual Intelligence Authorization Act from 2010 through 2016 and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, according to the DHS website. He has spent his career working for partisan Democratic members of Congress: He previously served as a staff designee to Senator Feinstein on the SSCI from 2005 until 2009 with a varied portfolio of committee responsibilities. Mr. Grannis worked on the House Select Committee on Homeland Security with responsibilities for intelligence, aviation security, and science and technology from 2003 to 2005 and was Senior Policy Advisor to Representative Jane Harman on matters of national security from 2001 to 2003. A spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security would neither confirm nor deny that Grannis was the author of, or had reviewed, the leaked draft document, though it did appear to be authored by someone associated with his area of responsibility within DHS. “The report was incomplete and had not been subject to the extensive interagency review process required of finished intelligence products,” spokesperson Gillian Christensen tells Breitbart News, adding: Further, the report does not include data from other intelligence community sources. It is clear on its face that it is an incomplete product. Allegations by opponents of the president’s policies that senior DHS intelligence officials would politicize intelligence is unfortunate and untrue. The dispute with this product was over sources and quality, not politics. The leaked document appears to be a clearly partisan attack on President Trump’s agenda by an analyst working within the Department of Homeland Security. Department of Homeland Security spokesperson Christensen did not answer questions from Breitbart News about whether Grannis had authored or reviewed the leaked incomplete report. Christensen also did not answer a question from Breitbart News if the Department of Homeland Security had discovered the identity of the bureaucrat who leaked the incomplete report to the Associated Press. The leaked report contains several significant flaws. It says, for instance, that   is not a good indicator of terrorism, but does not admit that religion is a primary indicator. In addition, the data included in the report is dramatically different than the data reported in another list of terrorists compiled by former Senator, now Attorney General, Jeff Sessions.",0
9234,Will Obama Suspend Presidential Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By Comey’s New FBI Email Investigation?,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Will Obama Suspend Presidential Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By Comey’s New FBI Email Investigation? 
Will President Obama suspend the national election next week if/when Hillary is forced out of the race by James Comey’s Bombshell? In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers. Since the election would not be “fair” until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the US Constitution stop him in the past… 

From Michael Snyder : 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election, the FBI has thrown a game-changer into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press, the newly discovered emails “did not come from her private server”, but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. 
The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post, the “emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry”, and according to some reports there may be “potentially thousands” of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let’s take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN… 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that “appear to be pertinent” to the email probe. 
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton’s closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton’s Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered… 
We don’t know what this means yet except that it’s a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that’s where we are… 
Is it a certainty that we won’t learn before the election? I’m not sure it’s a certainty we won’t learn before the election. 
One thing is, it’s possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her… 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needsshould not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers. Since the election would not be “fair” until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November… 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
9235,A Young Syrian Torchbearer Highlights Brazil’s Embrace of Refugees - The New York Times,"SÃO PAULO, Brazil  —   The Olympic torch relay certainly endured its share of indignities this summer as it wended across this vast country on its way to Rio de Janeiro. Government employees protesting unpaid wages sought to disrupt its progress. Pranksters tried to extinguish the flame by tossing buckets of water. In one especially embarrassing episode, a soldier shot dead a jaguar  —   the Rio Games’ official mascot  —   after it escaped its handlers during a ceremony in the Amazonian city of Manaus. But the antipathy many Brazilians feel toward the Olympics briefly vanished when onlookers cheered Hanan Dacka, a    Syrian refugee, as she jogged through nation’s capital, Brasília, with the Olympic flame in her hand. “Today I don’t feel like a refugee, but like any other Brazilian girl carrying the torch,” Hanan, who moved here last year from a refugee camp in Jordan, told reporters during her leg of the relay in May. At a time when Europe and the United States have angrily debated calls to take in greater numbers of refugees, the decision to make Hanan a torchbearer has highlighted Brazil’s   role as a haven for Syrian asylum seekers. Brazil has admitted about 2, 300 Syrian refugees, according to the National Committee for Refugees, a government agency. And with nearly 6, 400 humanitarian visas issued to Syrians, the numbers are expected to rise significantly, officials say. Unlike in the United States, where the prospect of resettling Syrian refugees has become politically polarizing, in Brazil, also a nation of immigrants, the influx has largely been welcomed. Some three million Brazilians can trace their ancestry to Syrian migrants who began arriving at the start of the 20th century. It also helps that Brazil has been spared the Islamist extremist violence that has traumatized Europe and the United States. Hanan, a bubbly,   girl with a   smile, has become something of a darling of the Brazilian news media, a bright spot in an otherwise troubled national dash to prepare for the Games. Still, her first few months in Brazil were anything but easy. “To be honest, before I came here I didn’t know there was a country called Brazil,” Hanan said. “And even when I found out we were coming here, I assumed people would speak Arabic. ” She attended a local school, but was ostracized by classmates who could not understand why she did not speak Portuguese. After two months, she quit. But six months later, her Portuguese now nearly fluent, she returned to class. She said that after a teacher explained that Hanan was a refugee, the other students were smitten. “Now I have lots of Brazilian friends,” she said, her patter flecked with adolescent slang. She sings in a choir and dreams of becoming a doctor or a hairstylist  —   or, on this day, a newspaper reporter. In June, just before leaving office, Justice Minister Eugene Aragon said Brazil would be open to receiving up to 100, 000 Syrian refugees, in groups of 20, 000 per year, although the future of that plan is uncertain. And there has been little public opposition to a   program that directs Brazilian embassies to issue humanitarian visas to Syrians. Soon after their arrival, refugees receive work permits and the national identification cards that give them access to Brazil’s health care system. But at a time of increasing unemployment and crushing budget deficits, Brazil’s magnanimity has its limits. Visa recipients must pay their own airfare to Brazil, and the government provides little support once they arrive. Although they are reluctant to complain, Hanan and her family have encountered a welter of hardships since arriving 18 months ago. Eleven relatives, including her parents and two siblings, share a   apartment in Glicério, a fraying,   neighborhood in downtown São Paulo. Many of the adults sleep on the flotilla of four sofas that clots the apartment’s small living room. Her father, Khaled Dacka, 40, who worked in a currency exchange office in Syria, spends his day tending a furnace at an auto parts factory. Her    brother, Mustapha, works seven days a week peddling cellphone accessories. But her mother, Yusra, 35, said, “If we had stayed in Syria, all of us would be dead. ” The Rev. Paolo Parise, director of Migration Studies at Missão Paz, an organization that provides temporary housing for newly arrived refugees, said many Syrians encounter similar barriers when they make it to Brazil. Though highly educated, they often struggle to find jobs that match their skills. It is also hard for them to find the financial guarantor and three months’ rent that many landlords require before signing a lease, he said. “Once they leave the shelter, refugees cannot count on any federal program to help them find a place to live,” he said. Many end up sharing dingy, cramped apartments with other refugees, and they rely on nonprofit organizations to help guide them through a world that bears little resemblance to the one they left behind. Even so, Luiz Fernando Godinho, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, said, “All the refugees I have talked to feel extremely grateful for having left the dismal situation where they lived, and having established themselves in a peaceful country where interreligious coexistence is possible. ” At the start of Syria’s civil war, the Dacka family lived in Idlib, a northeastern city that was the scene of fierce fighting between rebels and   forces. Early on, Mr. Dacka helped friends escape the growing violence. At one point, he was arrested and tortured by security forces, who accused him of human trafficking. A judge released him after nearly a year in custody. He decided to flee with his family after learning that both the authorities and militants wanted him dead. Three months after leaving, they found out that a Syrian government bombing campaign had leveled their former neighborhood, killing dozens of residents. Over its more than five years, the conflict claimed two of Hanan’s uncles and a grandfather. The family set out by car, and after passing 16 military checkpoints, crossed the border into Jordan. For two and a half years, their home was a shack in Zaatari, a squalid camp for refugees. Adults were not allowed to work, and Hanan would trudge 40 minutes to a school that provided little education. “When the teacher wasn’t hitting us, she sat in the front of the classroom putting on her makeup,” Hanan said. The family eventually applied for Brazilian visas in the Jordanian capital, Amman, following Mr. Dacka’s younger brother who had come here earlier. “When I heard we were moving to Brazil I was super excited, but mostly because it would be my first time in an airplane,” Hanan said. Like Hanan, her mother has come to love Brazil. Although many are unfamiliar with Islam or Syria, curious   sometimes stop her in the street to ask about her hijab. “Here you can go to a mosque or a church and no one cares, and no one looks funny at you,” she said. “In Brazil, you can do anything you want. ” Hanan was chosen to be a torchbearer after the United Nations refugee agency forwarded her name to the Olympic organizing committee. “I hope that the world can know that we refugees are good people,” she said. But her sunny disposition turned dark when she was asked what she missed about her former home. “I can’t remember anything good about Syria,” she said, looking away. Then she pulled a box from behind a tattered sofa, unwrapped the torch and grinned broadly as she waved it around while recalling her sudden turn at stardom. “I’m never going back to Syria,” she announced. “I can see myself growing up here and becoming Brazilian. ”",0
9236,UN Has Another Opportunity to Condemn Cuba’s Oppression with Disappearances Review - Breitbart,"The United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights is set to review Communist Cuba’s record of forced disappearances. It is the first time such a review will occur following the death of dictator Fidel Castro, and it comes at a time in which dissidents warn oppressive police behavior against them is on the rise. [In an announcement this week, the UN said that Cuba, along with Ecuador and Senegal, will have their records reviewed by the UN Committee on Enforced Disappearances (CED). The three nations have signed and ratified the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, which requires the UN to check their records. An enforced disappearance is a government abduction of an individual in which their relatives are not provided information as to where they have been apprehended or why. Those “disappeared” are rarely seen again.  The final reports on all three nations will be published on March 17. The last time the UN commission reviewed Cuba was in 2012. That report, written by “a multidisciplinary working group made up of many government   State ministries and institutions, the National Assembly, NGOs and other relevant organizations,” heaped effusive praise on the community autocracy. “The rights to life, liberty and security of person have always been mainstays of the Cuban Revolution, its authorities and society at large, even though Cuba has had to face over 50 years of aggression, terrorism and a harsh economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the Government of the United States of America,” the 2012 report reads. “There have been no cases of enforced disappearance in Cuba since the revolutionary triumph of 1959. ” The report goes on to claim that “the concept of holding a detainee or prisoner incommunicado is alien to criminal and procedural practice in Cuba. ” All three assertions  —   that Cuba respects the sanctity of life of its prisoners, that no disappearances have occurred in Cuba since 1959, and that Cuba has never held prisoners incommunicado  —   are demonstrably false. There is little reason to believe the 2017 update to this report will contain more believable challenges to the Communist regime, though all such reviews present an opportunity to condemn the authoritarian regime for its crimes. The case of Hamell Santiago Maz Hernández, who died in late February, contradicts the claim that Cuba values the life of its people. Maz Hernández died after spending eight months in the notorious Combinado del Este maximum security prison, used to house political dissidents. The government claims cardiac arrest as the cause of death but his dissident organization, the Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU) reject this assertion and have vowed an investigation. There is no evidence Maz Hernández received medical care while in the prison. He was facing the charge of “desacato,” or “disrespect”  —   a   crime used against   protesters. Another former inmate of Combinado del Este, Danilo Maldonado Machado, can testify to being held incommunicado. The artist, known by his pseudonym “El Sexto,” was transferred to Combinado del Este without his family being alerted. His fiance, he later said, only knew of his transfer because she arrived in time to see the van driving him away, and he was able to shout the name of the new facility to her. Maldonado, who was serving time without being charged following public celebrations of Fidel Castro’s death, later said he was beaten severely enough to trigger asthma attacks and not provided medical care. A record also exists of forced disappearances since 1959, contra the UN report. According to Cuba Archive’s record of human rights crimes under the Castro brothers, at least 23 confirmed disappearances occurred between 1959 and 2014. One hundred other unconfirmed records exist. These numbers are low because, for most of its time in power, the Communist Revolution opted for openly executing its enemies via firing squad. Cuba Archive counts over three thousand firing squad executions and another 1, 116 extrajudicial killings. At the time of Fidel Castro’s death, the state had executed 5, 775, including   squad killings. Another 20, 000 Cubans were believed to have died in the straits between Cuba and Florida, drowning in escape attempts from the island. Sixteen Cubans died while on hunger strike in prison 209 died of health problems upon being denied medical care in prison.",0
9237,Orlando Shooting: What We Know and Don’t Know - The New York Times,"A gunman who claimed allegiance to the Islamic State killed 49 people and wounded 53 more when he opened fire in a crowded gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. early Sunday. It was the worst mass shooting in American history. President Obama was in Orlando on Thursday to meet with victims’ families. Here is the latest: • The gunman, Omar Mateen, 29, was killed in a shootout with the police. Mr. Mateen, an American citizen whose parents were from Afghanistan, claimed allegiance to the Islamic State in a 911 call he made at the time of the attack, law enforcement officials said. He lived in Fort Pierce, Fla. • On Tuesday, a senior F. B. I. official said investigators suspected the gunman’s second wife, Noor Zahi Salman, might have been aware that he was plotting an attack, and the agency was trying to determine her level of involvement. Ms. Salman, the mother of his young son, told the F. B. I. that she had driven him to the Pulse nightclub at some point before the attack and that she had also been with him when he bought ammunition. NBC, which reported the development, said Ms. Salman, 30, lives in Port St. Lucie, Fla. with Mr. Mateen’s father. The woman told officials she had tried to talk Mr. Mateen out of any attack, but whether she knew of his true plans was unclear. • Mr. Mateen was born in Queens, New York, according to public records. His   Sitora Yusufiy, said her marriage to Mr. Mateen had been abusive, and that he had at times displayed erratic behavior. “There were definitely moments when he’d express his intolerance toward homosexuals,” she said. The marriage ended in divorce. • Mr. Mateen was removed from his job as a security officer at the St. Lucie County Courthouse in Fort Pierce, in 2013 at the request of county sheriff’s officials who had grown concerned about his demeanor and his “inflammatory” comments. The sheriff then informed the authorities, prompting an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the sheriff’s office said Tuesday. Mr. Mateen was transferred to a job as a security guard at a nearby residential golfing community, leading him to lodge a discrimination complaint, an official with the private security company that employed him said on Tuesday. The F. B. I. director, James Comey, said Monday that the gunman was on a terrorism watch list from 2013 to 2014, but that months of investigation into his foreign travels, his inflammatory remarks and his motives did not produce enough evidence to charge him. • The global security company G4S, based in Britain, said Mr. Mateen had worked for it as a guard since 2007. A   said he had repeatedly complained to the company that Mr. Mateen used racial, ethnic and sexist slurs, and talked about killing people. • The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said Mr. Mateen had legally bought both weapons used in the attack, a handgun and a long gun, in Florida within the last week. • Mr. Mateen opened fire inside the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, a popular gay club, at about 2 a. m. He was armed with an  assault rifle similar to the   and a handgun. • Mr. Mateen shot about   of the people in the packed club. Hundreds of panicked clubgoers escaped and fled into the streets. • As more police officers rushed to the scene, Mr. Mateen retreated to a bathroom where he is believed to have held four to five hostages. About 15 to 20 people were in another restroom, frantically texting friends and family for help. • The police chief, John Mina, said that when police negotiators began to talk with Mr. Mateen, he appeared “cool and calm. ” The gunman made statements that led officers to think he was going to begin killing more people, the chief said, and he spoke of having explosives. Mr. Mateen was killed by a police SWAT team when it raided the building about 5 a. m. with an armored vehicle and stun grenades. One police officer was wounded, and at least 30 people were rescued. • President Obama said that the attack was a kind of “homegrown extremism” because it appeared the gunman had been inspired by extremist information he found on the internet, but that there was no clear evidence he was part of a wider terrorist plot. • The City of Orlando set up a special web page where it released the names of victims. The New York Times has compiled brief portraits of the victims. • A staggering 90 percent of the 49 victims were Hispanic or of Hispanic descent, including Mexican, Colombian and Dominican, community leaders said. Of those killed, 23 were Puerto Rican. • Medical officials said the victims had deep, gaping wounds from the rounds fired from the assault rifle and handgun. In some cases, the rounds bounced around inside their bodies, inflicting internal injuries. • More people were killed in Orlando than in any previous mass shooting in the United States. The 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech killed 32 people, while 26 people were killed in the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. • This is the second mass shooting in the United States linked to sympathizers of the Islamic State since December, when a married couple killed 14 people in a rampage in San Bernardino, Calif. The Orlando shooting was the worst terrorist attack on American soil since Sept. 11, 2001. • The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the massacre in a statement released over an encrypted phone app. The group said the attack “was carried out by an Islamic State fighter,” according to a transcript provided by the SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks jihadist propaganda. • The gunman made a series of Facebook posts, according to Senator Ron Johnson, the chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, including one in which he raged against the “filthy ways of the west” and another that warned of more attacks by the Islamic State “in the next few days. ” He even searched for references to the massacre while he was carrying it out, the senator wrote in a letter to Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chairman and chief executive. • Mr. Mateen’s father, Seddique Mir Mateen, posted a video on his Facebook page early on Monday in which he expressed regret and confusion about why his son had carried out the mass killing. “I don’t know what caused this,” said Mr. Mateen, speaking in Dari, a language spoken in Afghanistan. “I did not know and did not understand that he has anger in his heart. ” • At a news conference on Monday, A. Lee Bentley, the United States attorney for Central Florida, said the investigators had collected a large amount of electronic and criminal evidence and were trying to determine whether Mr. Mateen acted alone. The statement by the Islamic State did not provide details about its relationship with Mr. Mateen. • The F. B. I. director, Mr. Comey, said Monday that there was no evidence directly linking the gunman to an outside group, though he appeared to be    —   that is, he claimed allegiance to the Islamic State but had no direct tie  —   like the husband and wife team behind the attack in San Bernardino last year. • Investigators continued looking into whether Mr. Mateen’s wife knew what he had planned, but officials have deflected questions about possible criminal charges against her. They are also scouring his past movements and possible accomplices. • Mr. Mateen told the police by phone that he would strap explosives to four hostages and place them strategically in the corners of the building, Mayor Buddy Dyer said on Wednesday. But investigators have not found any evidence of explosives.",0
9238,21 THINGS WE’VE LEARNED ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON FROM WIKILEAKS THAT THE MSM WON’T SHARE…BUT YOU CAN!,"Schools All Over America Are Closing On Election Day Due To Fears Of Violence 
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News, “voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.” Just a couple days ago, I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th.",0
9239,Aleppo Bombs Leave Quarter Million ‘Living in Hell’ and Without Hospital Care - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   The remaining hospitals on the   side of Aleppo, Syria, have been badly damaged and forced to stop providing care amid an intensifying bombardment, according to the World Health Organization. Bombs launched by the Syrian government over the past three days seriously damaged two general hospitals that were providing trauma care in the war zone and hit the only children’s hospital, according to doctors, nurses and residents. The destruction left more than a   people in eastern Aleppo without hospital care, the W. H. O. said. It is unclear if the hospitals will be able to reopen. “Although some health services are still available through small clinics, residents no longer have access to trauma care, major surgeries, and other consultations for serious health conditions,” the health organization said in a statement issued Sunday. Dr. Omar, the last neurosurgeon in eastern Aleppo, who declined to provide his full name out of fear for his safety, sounded desperate when reached at the height of the bombing on Friday. “We no longer have hospitals to operate in,” he said. “You can’t imagine what it’s like living in Aleppo right now. It feels like we are living in hell. Our neighborhoods are in flames, and bombs are raining down from the sky. We urgently call on the international community to send help. ” Humanitarian agencies have described the attacks on health care facilities as deliberate. The   area of the city is surrounded by government forces and has already run out of most food rations, medicines, bandages and fuel. It has little water. “The regime is trying to cut off the city,” said Abu Roma, who uses a nom de guerre and is a rebel commander with the Zinki group, which opposes President Bashar   of Syria. “I would say the worst scenario is that we will be martyrs,” he said, referring to all those remaining in the   area. Aleppo, the country’s largest city, has been divided since 2012, but the situation became markedly worse over the summer. In recent weeks, there had been a rare respite from airstrikes on   districts, but that ended last week. Now it appears to both fighters and civilians that the Syrian government has resolved to press forward regardless of the humanitarian cost, and to gamble that Western countries, particularly the United States, will not stop them. President Obama has never been keen on military action in Syria, and the incoming American president, Donald J. Trump, is more sympathetic to Russia, which has allied with the Syrian government. “Aleppo is the pivot,” said Joost Hiltermann, the Middle East and North Africa program director for the International Crisis Group. Although the government might like to reclaim all of the areas where it has lost control, Russia and Iran, another ally, are less interested, Mr. Hiltermann said. “But they all agree on Aleppo,” he said. “It is too big to let go, and the interregnum in the United States is a good chance to press their advantage,” he said. As always in the   Syria conflict, the sheer numbers of the dead and wounded and the scale of misery and destruction fast eclipses what is imaginable, and each individual story recedes. But the snapshots from the past few days in   Aleppo have been deeply disturbing. A video circulating on social media, which was taken by Al Jazeera during the bombing at the children’s hospital, showed children being treated with oxygen masks after an alleged chlorine gas attack elsewhere in the city. Al Jazeera captured footage of nurses taking premature infants, whom they could balance in one hand, out of incubators as clouds of dust from the bombing rose around them. One nurse hugged another as they held tiny infants in their arms. The babies were carried to a basement shelter and placed together under a blanket. In one shot, a father cried out for his small son. “I’ve lost everything, oh, Ahmad,” he said. “I’ve lost everything, you are my life. ” For now, the only remaining medical services have gone underground or into people’s homes, said Mohamed Kahil, the head of the forensic facility in the   area of the city. “Hospitals have moved to basements, to streets, to houses,” he said. “The medics and staff are still functioning with high energy, but under harsh conditions,” he said. Four medics were killed in the five days since intensive bombing resumed, said Mohamed   a radiology nurse in Aleppo reached on social media. As the latest fighting took place, Staffan de Mistura, the United Nations Special Representative for Syria, traveled to Syria to press for a suspension of the bombing on all sides a humanitarian relief effort to help civilians get medical care, food and fuel and a guarantee some sort of safe passage for the insurgents. Five rebel groups active in and around Aleppo  —   including the powerful Islamist group Ahrar   and several groups that receive American support  —   said in a letter late Sunday that they supported Mr. de Mistura’s plan. Walid   the Syrian foreign minister who met with Mr. de Mistura, claimed to want to help civilians in the   areas, whom the regime views as “hostages” of the insurgents, according to a report by the Syrian Arab News Agency, which is close to Mr. Assad’s government. However, Mr. Moallem dismissed out of hand any suggestion that eastern Aleppo could be  . He said that would be a “reward for the terrorists,” who he said were still shelling western Aleppo, which is held by the government. He used as an example children killed Sunday in a school there. Mr. Moallem said that 11 were killed, but that number could not be confirmed. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it had documented 13 people killed in   Aleppo since Thursday, among them seven children killed on Sunday. At least 64 people were killed on the   side of the city in the same time period. Mr. Moallem also appeared to reject the idea of a humanitarian pause in the bombing unless there were guarantees “from the countries supporting terrorists,” adding that the United Nations did not have any guarantees. He was referring to the United States and some Arab countries, such as Saudi Arabia, that have backed some of the groups that oppose the government of Mr. Assad. Although groups of fighters said they were prepared to back the United Nations plan, individual fighters did not sound ready to give up. “We will never get along with the Alawite we will exterminate them,” Hassan Yaacoub, an independent fighter who is not with any faction, said on WhatsApp, a messaging service, referring to the minority Muslim sect of which Mr. Assad is a member. “From now on, I will only talk in sectarian terms,” he said. “The mask has fallen. Bye, bye Syria, bye bye one Syria Syria is no more. ”",0
9240,"U.S. Women Jump, Spin and Soar to Gymnastics Gold - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Led by the world’s best gymnast, Simone Biles, the powerhouse American women’s gymnastics team romped to the gold medal at the Rio Olympics Tuesday. The team of Biles, Laurie Hernandez, Aly Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Madison Kocian lived up to expectations as prohibitive favorites by putting up the highest total score on every apparatus. Russia won silver and China bronze. The margin of victory was a whopping 8 points. The medal, the Americans’ third team gold after 2012 and 1996, came in the final Olympics for the national team coordinator, Martha Karolyi, a crucial player in the rise of American gymnastics for more than 30 years. Here’s how they did it. The Americans opened up with the vault. Two of them, Raisman and Biles, tried the difficult Amanar, in which the vaulter does two and a half twists with a blind landing. Raisman scored a 15. 833, and Biles did even better at 15. 933, despite making a hop on her landing. After one rotation, the Americans were already out in front, by 0. 7 points over Russia, who performed on the bars. The bars were the one chance of the day to compete for team members Douglas, the 2012   champion, and Kocian, a bars specialist and a 2015 world champion in the event. Both delivered. Douglas got lots of height on her release skills and hit her handstands, then stuck her double layout dismount to get a 15. 766. Kocian performed one of the most difficult routines at the Games, and nailed it, scoring a stellar 15. 933. The United States extended its lead to a comfortable 4 points over China. Russia slipped to third. No serious mishaps for the Americans on the sometimes perilous beam. Raisman hit her double Arabian dismount for a 15. 0 Hernandez gave a disciplined performance for a 15. 233. The incomparable Biles survived a balance check and made just a small hop on her dismount  —   one of the hardest in the world, a   double tuck  —   for a 15. 3. Because they were the top qualifiers, the Americans got to end on floor exercise. That was considered an advantage because the Americans’ floor scores tend to be high, and crowd support for the floor is big. But with a nearly   lead over China, it hardly mattered. Hernandez gave her typical charismatic performance, starting with a wink for the crowd. The scoring system tends to favor difficult tumbling over choreography. Hernandez, however, has helped to bring artistry and dance back into American gymnastics, to the applause of many. Biles’s second tumbling pass includes a double layout with a   and a blind landing, a move dubbed the Biles because she was the first gymnast to land it in   competition. Great performances have come to be expected from the American women’s team. They didn’t even need a great performance to win on Tuesday. But they delivered one anyway.",0
9241,DOJ Investigates Oregon Judge for Allegedly Helping Illegal Immigrant Flee ICE Agents,"A county judge in Oregon is under fire for allegedly helping an illegal immigrant use her private entrance to avoid being captured by federal agents. The judge is not facing criminal charges at this time however, the Department of Justice is looking into the matter. [“I was troubled because, on the face of it, what I heard sounded like potential federal criminal law violations   ethical violations,” U. S. Attorney Billy Williams told Willamette Week reporters. “Generally, we’re talking about obstruction of justice. ”  The case took place in January at the Multnomah County Courthouse in Oregon, where    Diddier Pacheco Salazar was set to plead guilty to two charges in connection with a January 1 DUI arrest, the Willamette Week recently reported. On January 27, Pacheco pleaded guilty to one count of driving recklessly and one count of driving under the influence of intoxicants. According to the Oregon newspaper, plainclothes federal agents with U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement had been at the courthouse looking for illegal immigrants. That is when lower court judge Monica Herranz allegedly had Pacheco escorted out through a private entrance in order to avoid being captured by ICE agents who were looking for him to arrest him on immigration charges. Federal agents arrested Pacheco two weeks later at another court hearing. The attorney for the illegal alien expressed surprise at the disappearance of his client from the courtroom. I prepped my client. I said, ‘I don’t know if they’re going to pick you up outside or what, but here’s how to prepare,’” Salazar’s lawyer John Schlosser said to the local reporters. “After the court appearance, I went out in the hallway and sat. My client never came out. I can’t say that I’m surprised he didn’t come out, but I gave him his options, and assume he had to have been escorted out some other way. ” While federal authorities have not yet filed criminal charges against Herranz, her court superiors are also carrying out an inquiry into her alleged actions. Breitbart Texas associate editor and senior political news contributor Bob Price contributed to this article. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
9242,“Has science gone too far?”,"“Has science gone too far?” Smew over on Reddit has spotted an awesomely awful food mash-ups:
“Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should”, replies horheezusbobeezus . 
We thought we’d check out if this is actually any good and there’s a review over on pizzabacker.com , “Is this something I can recommend? I would say skip it.”",0
9243,Coca-Cola and Pepsi Fund 96 U.S. Health Groups,". Coca-Cola and Pepsi Fund 96 U.S. Health Groups It sounds like a bad joke, but it’s the sad truth: Coca-Cola and Pepsi, the nation’s 2 top soda make... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/coca-cola-and-pepsi-fund-96-us-health.html It sounds like a bad joke, but it’s the sad truth: Coca-Cola and Pepsi, the nation’s 2 top soda makers, recently gave money to several prominent public health groups – including some run by the government. [1]The sadder truth: Those groups were more than happy to accept the funds.As reported by a new study published October 10 in the American Journal of Preventative Measures, researchers at Boston University School of Medicine reveal that a whopping total of 96 public health groups accepted money from Coca-Cola and PepsiCo (or both companies) between 2011 and 2015.Some of the organizations might look familiar: American Diabetes Association, the National Institutes of Health, the American Red Cross, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, just to name a few .Study author Daniel Aaron, a medical student at Boston University, said of the groups:“To see all these organizations [accepting money] is shocking and surprising. I don’t think companies have a legal duty to protect people’s health, but I think these groups do.”Take a minute to let that sink in. The American Diabetes Association takes money from soda makers . The very products the organization advises people not to consume. The study’s authors called this link “surprising, given the established link between diabetes and soda consumption.” [2]Let’s take a deeper look at this bizarre report. Sweet, Sweet Data Aaron and his coauthor, Dr. Michael Siegel, a professor of community health sciences at the university, decided to take a closer look at the love fest between soda companies and public health groups last year, when The New York Times ran a piece about Coca-Cola’s financial support of a group called the Global Energy Balance Network. [1]This now-defunct “network” was composed of university researchers, and to put it in the simplest terms possible, Coca-Cola paid these so-called scientists to shift the blame away from junk food and sugary drinks for causing the global obesity epidemic, and a host of other health problems.Aaron says:“We were bothered by that, and a little bit confused, and we wanted to know if this was common.” So Aaron and Siegel began investigating the links between Coca-Cola and Pepsi and 96 organizations: 63 public health groups 5 government groups 2 food supply groups Pepsi sponsored 14% of these groups, while Coca-Cola sponsored 99%. The men think that’s probably an underestimate, however; Coca-Cola recently disclosed its sponsorships, while PepsiCo is “known for making its sponsorship data extremely difficult to track.”Additionally, the study also only looked at national organizations, and most sponsored organizations are state or city-wide, the researchers report.Here’s a shocker (note the sarcasm): When the team looked at lobbying efforts by both companies, they found that the soda companies actively oppose legislation that targets soda and is aimed at preventing obesity. Between 2011 and 2015, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo publicly opposed 28 bills and supported 1. Of the bills the companies opposed: 12 were soda taxes 4 were Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) regulations 1 involved the controversial limit on soda sizes in New York. However, both companies supported a bill designed to limit the marketing of soda in schools, though beverages like Diet Coke could still be marketed.All that lobbying had a definite impact. One group, Save the Children, gave up pushing for soda taxes after Coca-Cola and Pepsi gave them a cool $5 million in 2009.And The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics issued a statement saying that it would not back New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s proposed limit on soda portions, arguing that the emphasis should be placed on nutrition education.Marion Nestle, a New York University professor of public health and nutrition, says:“First, they attack the science. Then, they fund community groups, promote exercise as a solution, and say they’re self-regulated and don’t need to be regulated by an outside source.” [3]Aaron and Siegel write in the study:“It is probable that corporate philanthropy is increasing consumption of soda throughout the country.“Rather than supporting public health, organizations may become unwitting partners that contribute to corporate marketing strategy.” [1]The duo argues that soda companies’ sponsorship of health groups ends up creating positive cultural associations with their brands. It should be noted that sponsorship is considered marketing by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).And never underestimate an industry’s ability to shape the public view.As I wrote last month, the sugar industry paid Harvard scientists to frame sugar as a mostly-harmless substance, while painting fat as the cause of obesity, heart disease, and all of the health problems we now know are actually caused by sugar.The sugar industry was so successful, in fact, that – to quote one professor – it was able “to derail the discussion about sugar for decades.” By Julie Fidler / References: [1] Time ; [2] RT ; [3] Business Inside r; Medical Daily Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
9244,7 Harsh Realities That Come With Taking Full Responsibility For Your Life,"“Adulthood” comes to all of us at different times in our life. It has nothing to do with the legal age we can drink, or drive a car, or get married, and it’s not signified by the job we have or the car we drive. It’s a state of mind, a way of operating in the world.
Being a pretty well behaved teen, I often had people tell me from as young as 13 that I was incredibly mature for my age. In some respects, I could not argue with them. I would look at the behaviour of many of my friends and quite easily distinguish that I, for the most part, handled many things far more “responsibly” than they did. But even now, at the ripe old age of 28, I question when and if I ever truly matured.
I may have always acted appropriately, taken school seriously, and respected those around me, but did that qualify me for full-blown adulthood? I certainly thought it did, until about a year ago, when I concluded that the true sign of maturity is when an individual takes full responsibility for their life.
As part of identifying this conclusion (which I know is entirely subjective), I’ve reflected a lot on what comes with this fundamental step in life. Here is my list of 7 seemingly harsh realities that kick in when you decide to take full responsibility for your life :
1. The World Doesn’t Revolve Around You As much as we may like to think it does, the truth is, we are but a tiny fish in a massive soup of collective consciousness. Does this mean that we are ultimately powerless to create anything that will impact the masses? Absolutely not. But it does mean that we can no longer expect the world to cater to us.
Long gone are the days when parents, teachers, or any other caregiver is going to sit us down and remind us that everything is going to be okay. We need to find that strength within ourselves and go against the grain to create whatever it is that we are passionate about.
2. Your Reactions Are Everything In the moment, things may happen to us — some far more challenging, scary, or unwanted than others — but regardless of what that thing is, it’s our reaction to it that dictates how much it is going to impact our lives.
For example, there is nothing intrinsically insulting about being called an asshole — we can choose to take it personally, or we can choose to let it roll off our backs. This is why some of us are able to let it go in one ear and out the other while carrying on with our day, while others take it as a punch to the gut and a reason to change their behaviour moving forward.
3. We Can’t All Be Famous We live in a time when instant fame has never seemed more attainable. The laughing mom in the chewbacca mask is all the evidence we need of this phenomenon. But fame still isn’t in the cards for all of us.
While I’m not suggesting that we stop trying to achieve success, or even that kind of astonishing overnight success, it seems that with maturity we recognize it’s not only not worth pinning our hopes on, but also not really that desireable.
4. We’ve Been Distracting Ourselves a Lot We all have things to do — emails we avoid writing, conversations we avoid having, and issues we avoid addressing — yet we consistently choose to distract ourselves instead. Whether it be by glorifying how “busy” we are, or by choosing to turn to Netflix instead, part of taking responsiblity for our lives is acknowledging our tendency to distract ourselves.
The more we acknowledge it, the more uncomfortable it becomes, and eventually, it will become so uncomfortable that we finally decide to just take action, and wonder why we didn’t do it before.
5. Haters Gonna Hate Even if you go out of your way to be a people pleaser (which I would never suggest), there will always be someone or many someones who do not support you. While this is certainly the case throughout all of our lives, it usually isn’t until we enter maturity that we acknowledge this as not only common but acceptable.
In the end, it’s far better to be your true self and let some people hate that, than change who you are and have a bunch of different people hate you anyways.
6. Blaming Doesn’t Get You Anywhere “He/she did it!” It’s the infamous line we’ve heard so many children say while pointing their finger in the direction of the person they believe should take the fall for whatever happened.
It may have worked, on occasion, throughout our childhood, but part of taking responsibility for your life is actually, you know, taking responsibility for your life . As much as we may feel like victims to certain things, playing the victim card rarely gets us anywhere and instead tends to prolong whatever situation or conflict we’re trying to escape.
7. You Are the Reason Why You Aren’t Where You Want to Be This one certainly goes hand in hand with the one before it, and is equally as true. If you want to own a multi-million dollar company that earns money for you even while you sleep, you have to start it and stick with it!
Your life is what it is right now because of the collection of decisions you’ve made up to this point. So now is as good a time as any to start making ones that align with what you actually want. You just need to make sure you’re tough enough to handle the fears, challenges, and emotions that are bound to come along the way, and remember, no matter how hard things get, “this too shall pass.”
A book that I found to be particularly helpful in me taking full responsibility for my life was Tony Robbins’ Awaken the Giant Within : How to Take Immediate Control of Your Mental, Emotional, Physical and Financial Destiny! 
",0
9245,What You Can Do About The Rigged Investigation Of Hillary Clinton,"in: Government , Petitions , Special Interests The rigged investigation into the new batch of Hillary Clinton-related emails just got epically more rigged. Well, the folks doing research over at Zero Hedge have completely outdone themselves with this discovery that will never reach the mainstream. “Ironically”, that is the same Peter Kadzik who has proven his “impartiality” in multiple WikiLeaks emails including this newly released bombshell in which Kadzik provides a very helpful “heads up” about Hillary’s email server investigation. This is what Kadzik emailed to John Podesta (via gmail) on May 19, 2015: There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails. Perhaps Mr. Kadzik could explain to our readers – and the American public – why this particular message was delivered via his private, gmail account rather than his official DOJ email account? Go and r ead the article to learn of Kadzik’s background . It’s positively incestuous with ties to the Clintons and Podestas. Here’s what you can do. Contact the Department of Justice. Be civil because screaming, swearing, and threatening never accomplished anything. Let them know that you want to see an independent investigation into these emails and into the Clinton Foundation. Let them know that you will also be contacting your local media to make them aware of this conflict of interest. Here is the contact information for the DoJ. Make phone calls and send emails. Department Comment Line: 202-353-1555 Department of Justice Main Switchboard: 202-514-2000 Executive Office for United States Attorneys Main Line – (202) 514-2000 DoJ Criminal Investigation email address: [email protected] Feel free to use this email as a template: RE: Peter Kadzik When I learned of the close connections between Peter Kadzik and Hillary Clinton, I was appalled that he would be in charge of the new investigation into the emails. In no way does this reflect well on the DoJ. It’s an insult to the American people that this blatant collusion is allowed and presented as “justice.” This is especially appalling considering this email he sent Podesta during the last investigation with the subject line “Heads up” https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/43150 I will be notifying my local media of this debacle and sharing it everywhere I can reach via social media. People are learning of this collusion rapidly – you might want to read this article published on Zero Hedge and put on the front page of the Drudge Report – keeping in mind that Drudge gets millions of page views per day and is one of the biggest websites in America. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-02/more-collusion-between-clinton-campaign-and-doj-kadzik-provides-heads-podesta The American people don’t trust the government anymore, and it is actions like this, putting John Podesta’s close friend in charge of an investigation that all eyes are on, that is like spitting in the face of every person in America who hopes that justice is indeed blind, even when the recipient of it is Hillary Rodham Clinton. Please do the right thing. This investigation needs to be independent of anyone with ties to the Clintons and any figure in their campaign. Sincerely, If you use social media, get on it. Share this article and the one from Zero Hedge and do not shut up about it until our mission is accomplished. If you don’t use social media, forward emails to everyone in your address book. If you’re on the computer reading this, I’m pretty sure you have email too. Contact your local media through letters to the editor, comments on their websites, and phone calls to anyone who will listen. If you sit there and do nothing, you get nothing. Now is the time to stand up to corruption. Now is the time that your voice can be heard. Make it count. Article first posted at DaisyLuther.com Submit your review",0
9246,"Politics, Soul Ages And The Bifurcation Of Worlds : In5D Esoteric, Metaphysical, and Spiritual Database","By In5D on November 15, 2016 in Awareness , Spiritual Awakening 
by Kim Hutchinson, Guest writer, In5D.com 
Preface: I wrote this article to help people who are unhappy with American election results. I hope it helps to bring you peace and understanding. The Election 
Wednesday morning when I awoke to news of Donald Trump’s ascendancy to the position of President of the United States my first reaction was disbelief. I found myself wondering if I had jumped timelines overnight. Although I did my best to ignore the campaign that waged south of the border, with so many high octane soundbites it was impossible to tune out. Consequently, I was sure Hilary Clinton was a shoe-in. 
To shake off the surreal vibe, I headed to the kitchen for a bracing cup of coffee. Thinking that the biggest shock of my day was now behind me, I was ill-prepared for the turmoil that lurked on my laptop. Facebook and email were abuzz with upset posts. Although there were plenty of celebratory message by elated Trump supporters, the majority of reactions I read were negative. Even more distressing were the conflicts that erupted online between friends and coworkers. 
Rather than weighing into the fray, I energetically cleared myself and readjusted my focus to a higher perspective . I then channeled divine love and sent it out into the world for all in need of reassurance. While in communion with my highest self, I also put my faith in my highest self to bring me divine guidance so I could help people deal with their distress. This is when I was reminded of my activities the day prior. Soul Ages 
On Tuesday, the day of the U.S. election, I was guided to revisit a book I had read several years ago called The Instruction. In it, author and psychic Ainslie MacLeod described soul ages in a very enlightening manner. Before I proceed in explaining the difference in soul ages, I should point out that all souls are the same age because we are eternal, but we employ the term ‘soul age’ as an indication of the amount of Earth / 3D experience a being has. Young and Old Souls 
For simplicity sake, MacLeod broke soul ages into 10 levels. He then sub-divided them into two groups. The first five levels represent young souls, with the remaining five being old souls. Each Earth lesson mastered helps the soul to mature. Souls who complete their Earthly education finish at Level 10. At this point, the soul is ready to ‘graduate’ or ascend Home. 
The difference between young and old souls is their primary motivation. Young souls are motivated by fear, leading to the need for security, safety and ultimately, power. Old souls are motivated by love, which drives their need to self-perfect, self-heal and ultimately transcend polarity back into unity consciousness and divine love. This is not to say that young souls are unloving and old souls are never scared. Both young and old souls feel fear and love. Young Souls and Politics 
A soul’s journey begins with the basics of Level 1, and then progresses through the levels, learning increasingly more complex lessons as it goes. Young souls are driven by a need to protect themselves. Weapons, walls, armies, and strictly enforced laws are all part of that protection. They crave structure and conformity in their personal lives too. This includes moral codes, fundamental religious practices and a traditional family and social structures. The younger the soul the more black-and-white his or her perspective. 
At Level 4 the soul has acquired enough 3D/Earth experience to start branching out into the world. Evolving from fear to love is hard, but given enough time and experience most young souls eventually master their fear to become paragons of confidence, worldliness and leadership. In fact, the majority of politicians are Level 5 souls. This is the group who rules the world. They thrive on power, money and prestige. 
It’s interesting to note that Level 5 politicians rely heavily on the support of Level 3 souls, such as in the case of war. The politicians who make the decision to engage in conflict need soldiers to fight, the majority of whom come from Level 3. In turn, Level 3 souls tend to idealize their leaders, along with their country, so this is truly a symbiotic relationship. Old Souls 
By contrast, Levels 6 – 10 are old souls. They look inwards for strength, guidance and inspiration . 
Level 6 is the hardest in some ways because they remember feeling on top of the world and having all the answers. Now, they’ve gone through a spiritual awakening which shattered their paradigm and left them unsure of themselves and their world. Through a spiritual connection, they begin to find their way, eventually regaining their sense of purpose. 
Subsequent levels draw heavily on intuition to help them bring amazing creations, inventions and works of art into the world. At Level 8 many became activists for worthy causes such as environmental issues. This frequently pits them against the younger souled politicians. By Level 9, the soul is knee-deep in self-healing. 
Then, by Level 10, souls are so peaceful in their own skin that they no longer are concerned with prior Earthly pursuits. These senior citizen souls are quite baffling to young souls who see them as eccentric and rather strange. In fact, old souls and their ways, tend to scare young souls. Soul Ages and the US Election 
By now, you’ve probably figured out that connection between soul ages and the President Elect Donald Trump. In case not, it’s very simple: Trump ran on a platform that appealed to young souls. The concepts of wall-building and limiting immigration, for example, appeal to people who are innately afraid of what lies beyond their borders. Think back to the Middle Ages and earlier, when the majority of souls were young, and thus needed the protective walls of fortified towns. The concept may seem archaic to old souls but, rather than judging, it’s important to keep in mind that every old soul went through a similar young soul journey. Collective consciousness may have evolved beyond medieval times, but there are still pockets of souls who are learning young soul lessons. Earth School 
Taking the educational model a step farther, imagine Earth as a one room schoolhouse. Grades 1 – 12 (soul ages 1 – 10) are all together in the same classroom. The younger students (young souls) on the left side and the older students (old souls) on the right. Within those two sides, students are grouped together with others in the same grade level so that they can learn cooperatively. Throughout each day, the teacher (life) delivers lessons to each group. Afterward, students work on their assignments with the help of their peers. 
Old souls tend to forget what it is like to be a young soul, just as young souls struggle to understand old souls . Such is life. Even though we’re all here together, we’re not all working on the same lessons at the same time. 
Life is based on mastery learning; souls learn at their own pace. Some have lived 100s or even 1000s of past lives, whereas others have only been here a handful of times. It’s important to keep that perspective when dealing with souls who are at different levels than you. After all, it is folly to expect a student in grade 2 to understand grade 11 Calculus. That doesn’t mean the student won’t one day excel at Calculus; it’s just not going to happen in this lifetime. The Bifurcation of Worlds 
The election in the US shone a spotlight on the chasm between young and old souls. That gap was always there, but now everyone is acutely aware of it. I believe the election is serving as a catalyst for the separation in worlds. Old souls are preparing to graduate and go on to university ( ascend into 5D ), whereas the young souls are staying here to carry on with their 3D education. The divisiveness and shocking nature of the election campaign and results is helping to polarize the two soul groups while, at the same time, awakening those who would like to move into the higher dimensions. The Solution? Old Soul Compassion 
Although it can be hard for everyone to see eye-to-eye, the ‘burden’ of compassion and understanding, rests on the shoulders of the old soul . If you’re reading this article, I assume you’re an old soul, therefore this message is for you: You, Old Soul, have the experience and wisdom needed to find a place of loving compassion in your heart for the struggle of the young souls. You also have the ability to channel love and peace into the world through your heart and soul connection. The vibration of love is much higher, and therefore far more powerful, than fear and hate. 
So, when you see something that causes you fear and/or anger, resist the urge to give into the darkness. Instead, meditate; or, clear yourself, breathe deeply; and think of somebody you love in order to move your consciousness into your heart. Then, focus on the peace within, and let your divine love flow outward in all directions. In doing so you are helping to heal the very influence that upset you while also raising your vibration and that of the ascending Earth. Addendum: Beyond Soul Ages 
As a side note, I wish to add that soul ages are but one factor at play here. Not all pro-Trump votes came from young souls. In fact, many old souls chose Trump due to his lack of affiliation, and unwillingness to cooperate, with the puppet masters who have long wielded the true power behind the government. This, too, is part of the transformation and separation of worlds. But that’s a topic for another article! 
About the Author : Kim Hutchinson of ClayhutHealing.ca is a Mystical Guiding Star whose soul journeys through time, space and dimensions to offer healing to people worldwide. Kim specializes in Multidimensional Dream Healing. RELATED ARTICLES FROM IN5D: ",0
9247,8 POINTS VANISH IN 4 DAYS,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › 8 POINTS VANISH IN 4 DAYS 8 POINTS VANISH IN 4 DAYS 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Donald Trump has gained on Hillary Clinton during the past week, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News tracking poll , solidifying support among core Republican groups as well as political independents. 
Roughly 6 in 10 still expect Clinton to prevail, while the poll finds shrinking concerns about the accuracy of the vote count and voter fraud in the election. 
Clinton holds a slight 48-44 percent edge over Trump among likely voters, with Libertarian Gary Johnson at 4 percent and Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 1 percent in the survey completed Sunday through Wednesday. Clinton held a six-point edge in the previous wave and a 12-point edge in the first wave of the tracking poll by ABC News Sunday (50 percent Clinton vs. 38 percent Trump). In a two-candidate contest, Clinton holds a five-point edge over Trump, 50 to 45 percent. 
Trump’s growth in support from 38 percent to 44 percent is fueled by shored-up support among Republican-leaning voting groups as well as a significant boost among political independents. Trump has made up ground among whites, particularly those without college degrees and women. Trump now leads by a 30 percentage point margin among white voters without college degrees, up from 20 points from this weekend. White women now tilt toward Trump by 48 to 43 percent after leaning 49 to 43 percent in Clinton’s favor before. 
Trump saw his biggest gains among political independents, favoring Trump by a 12-point margin in the latest tracking poll, 49 to 37 percent, after giving Clinton a narrow edge in late last week. Neither candidate has maintained a consistent lead among independent likely voters in Post-ABC polling this fall. Post navigation",0
9248,Netanyahu Promises Retribution for ‘Biased’ U.N. Resolution - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   In a furious riposte a day after the United Nations Security Council’s adoption of a resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday pledged to exact a “diplomatic and economic price” from countries who acted against Israel. Mr. Netanyahu also announced that he would halt his country’s contributions to several United Nations institutions, as well as   the presence of the body’s representatives in Israel. In a televised address at a Hanukkah   ceremony honoring wounded soldiers and the victims of terrorism, Mr. Netanyahu excoriated the Obama administration for not vetoing the Security Council’s measure. He said he would work with the incoming administration of   Donald J. Trump to rescind it. Describing the resolution passed on Friday as “distorted,” “delusional” and “absurd,” Mr. Netanyahu said it was “part of the swan song of the old world that is biased against Israel. ” “But, my friends, we are entering a new era,” he added. Mr. Netanyahu, who is expecting the incoming Trump administration to be more forgiving of Israel’s settlement activity in the occupied West Bank and in East Jerusalem, accused the Obama administration of carrying out a “disgraceful   maneuver. ” Mr. Netanyahu has already recalled Israel’s ambassadors from New Zealand and Senegal, two of the four countries that sponsored the resolution and pushed it through, and has ordered Israeli aid to Senegal be halted. There was also a report that Mr. Netanyahu had canceled a visit to Israel by the prime minister of Ukraine, because of that country’s vote in favor of the resolution. Mr. Netanyahu also said he had instructed the Foreign Ministry to   all of Israel’s relationships with the United Nations, a body that Israel has long viewed as biased against it, and said he was stopping 30 million shekels  —   about $7. 8 million  —   in funding to five United Nations institutions that are “particularly hostile to Israel. ” There is no complete consensus in Israel about settlement projects, and domestic critics of Mr. Netanyahu saw the resolution as a severe blow to his recent claims about Israel’s improved standing in the world. But Mr. Netanyahu tried to appeal to Israeli emotions by emphasizing that the resolution made no distinction between Jerusalem and the West Bank  —   considering the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem’s Old City and the Western Wall, the holiest place where Jews can pray, as occupied territory. Israel wrested the West Bank and East Jerusalem, including the Old City, in the   war of 1967. Ehud Barak, a former Israeli prime minister and defense minister, said it was Mr. Netanyahu who had failed to make any distinction between building in East Jerusalem and the settlement blocs close to the 1967 lines, which Israel expects to be able to keep under any peace agreement with the Palestinians. “The principal enemy of the settlement blocs and the Jerusalem neighborhoods is Netanyahu himself,” Mr. Barak, an increasingly vocal critic of Mr. Netanyahu, said on Israeli television on Saturday night. Isaac Herzog, the leader of the   Zionist Union and head of the parliamentary opposition, said in a Facebook post, “The man who just a month ago told us that the world worships him, declared war this evening on the world, on the United States, on Europe, and is trying to calm us with conceit. ” Naftali Bennett, the education minister and leader of the     Jewish Home party in Mr. Netanyahu’s coalition, goaded Mr. Netanyahu to respond with more drastic measures, like annexing parts of the West Bank to Israel. “The time has come to transition from withdrawals to sovereignty,” he said.",0
9249,"Roberta Peters, Soprano With a Dramatic Entrance, Dies at 86 - The New York Times","Roberta Peters, the   coloratura soprano who at 20 was catapulted to stardom by a phone call, a subway ride and a Metropolitan Opera debut  —   her first public performance anywhere  —   all in the space of five hours, died on Wednesday at her home in Rye, N. Y. She was 86. The cause was Parkinson’s disease, her son Bruce Fields said. Ms. Peters, who would sing with the Met 515 times over 35 vigorous years, was internationally renowned for her high, silvery voice (in private, she could hit a high A, two and a half octaves above middle C) her clarion diction in a flurry of languages her attractive stage presence and, by virtue of the fact that she and television came to prominence at about the same time, her wide popular appeal. “As a coloratura,” Cue magazine wrote of Ms. Peters in 1960, “she has no peer. ” In addition to the Met, with which she appeared regularly from 1950 to 1985  —   one of the longest associations of any singer with a major opera company  —   Ms. Peters was heard at the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Cincinnati Opera, the Vienna State Opera, Covent Garden and elsewhere. Her   roles include the Queen of the Night in Mozart’s “The Magic Flute,” Rosina in Rossini’s “The Barber of Seville,” Gilda in Verdi’s “Rigoletto” and Oscar (a pageboy played by a soprano) in his “Un Ballo in Maschera. ” But her most significant role was undoubtedly Zerlina in Mozart’s “Don Giovanni. ” Enlisted to sing that part in 1950 as a   substitute, Ms. Peters was propelled, with no rehearsal, onto the Met stage and into a stellar career. Known for taking meticulous care of her voice, she continued to sing in recital until well into her 70s, a good two decades past the de facto retirement age in her line of work. At midcentury, when it was more customary to encounter opera stars on television than it is today, she was seen on a string of shows, including “The Voice of Firestone,” “The Mike Douglas Show” and in particular “The Ed Sullivan Show,” on which she appeared scores of times in the 1950s and ’60s. Later in her career, she performed in operetta and musical theater. One thing that allowed Ms. Peters to sing so long was a prudent awareness of what her voice could and could not do. Possessed of a light, fleet instrument, she confined herself to coloratura and soubrette roles, steering clear of heavier fare. Critics sometimes faulted Ms. Peters’s singing for a certain lack of intensity, but her flageolet tones made an airy counterweight to the vocal heft of Maria Callas and Joan Sutherland, whose style was becoming the norm for sopranos at midcentury. “I would love to sing Tosca,” Ms. Peters told The Los Angeles Times in 1986. “And Salome. Those are my dream roles. But I won’t do them, at least not in this life. They would kill me, vocally. ” Another thing that kept Ms. Peters singing was her impeccable technique: From the age of 13, she had trained for an operatic career as an athlete trains for the Olympics. For years, her weekly regimen included not only voice and foreign language lessons but also instruction in ballet, acting and fencing, as well as a strength and conditioning program under the direct supervision of Joseph Pilates, the originator of the Pilates exercise method. Although Ms. Peters’s voice teacher, William Herman, did not want her to sing in public until she was thoroughly groomed, he insisted that she make a deep study of the operatic literature. By the time she was 19 and auditioned for the Met, she knew the scores of 20 operas cold. Providentially, as things fell out, “Don Giovanni” was one of them. Roberta Peterman, an only child, was born on May 4, 1930, and grew up near Jerome Avenue and 170th Street in the Bronx. Her father, Solomon, was a shoe salesman her mother, the former Ruth Hirsch, a milliner. As a girl, Roberta, in the words of her family, had “a real voice on her. ” When she was 13, her grandfather, the maître d’hotel at Grossinger’s, the redoubt of Jewish life in the Catskills, asked the celebrated tenor Jan Peerce (né Jacob Pincus Perelmuth) who was singing there, to hear her. Impressed, Mr. Peerce arranged for Roberta to study with Mr. Herman, whose students included the Metropolitan Opera coloratura Patrice Munsel, who died last year. Leaving school permanently after she completed junior high, Roberta took six lessons a week from Mr. Herman on a   scholarship. He also arranged for supplementary instruction in French, Italian, German, dance and drama. Mr. Pilates, meanwhile, did his part by standing regularly on Roberta’s abdomen (he weighed 174 pounds, she 119) to help her develop the musculature essential for breath control. All this proved so effective that at 16, Roberta was offered a $   role in “Street Scene,” a musical with music by Kurt Weill and lyrics by Langston Hughes that would open on Broadway in 1947. Though the salary would have been welcome in a family of modest means, Roberta, with the support of her parents, turned it down: She had set her sights on opera and would not be deterred. In late 1949, Ms. Peters (she had shortened her surname at her teacher’s suggestion) was taken on by Sol Hurok, the   impresario. He soon arranged an audition with the Met’s new general manager, Rudolf Bing. On Jan. 23, 1950, the    Ms. Peters stood on the stage of the old Metropolitan Opera House on Broadway and 39th Street in Manhattan. There, in the darkened hall, she sang “Der Hölle Rache” (“Hell’s Vengeance”) the Queen of the Night’s aria from “The Magic Flute,” which, with its fiendish series of high F’s, is among the canonical texts of the coloratura repertory. Somewhere out in the darkness was Mr. Bing. “It was the first audition I had done for anyone, and I was so scared,” Ms. Peters told The Chicago Tribune in 1993. “When it was over he asked if I would sing it again. Then he asked me to do it again. Well, I sang it four times, not knowing that he had silently brought in conductors Fritz Reiner, Fausto Cleva and Fritz Stiedry to hear me. ” Signed to a Met contract, Ms. Peters was scheduled to make her debut with the company as the Queen of the Night in January 1951. But on Nov. 17, the soprano Nadine Conner, scheduled to sing Zerlina in a Met “Don Giovanni” that night, fell ill. At 3 p. m. Mr. Bing telephoned Ms. Peters and told her to report to the opera house in time for an 8 o’clock curtain. Ms. Peters, who had planned to watch the performance with her mother from the   section that night, informed her parents that they now had box seats. The family, then living at Broadway and 71st Street, rushed to the street and hailed a taxi. When the cab became stuck in traffic, they jumped out and took the subway. At the opera house, there was no time for real rehearsal: Ms. Peters’s only preparation to play Zerlina, the country girl who catches Don Giovanni’s roving eye, took the form of hurried consultations with the stage director, Herbert Graf, and the conductor, Mr. Reiner. She was hustled into a costume the other singers would help her hit her marks onstage by gently propelling her wherever she needed to be. “Are you nervous?” the baritone Paul Schöffler, that night’s Don Giovanni, asked her before the curtain. “No, numb,” Ms. Peters replied, and on she went. “The delightful surprise of last night’s performance of ‘Don Giovanni’ at the Metropolitan was the emergency debut of little Roberta Peters in the part of Zerlina,” The New York  ’s review the next day said. “The voice came through the big house as clear as a bell, the notes equally bright and focused and the phrasing that of a true musician. And the girl  —   she is all of 5 feet 2  —   turned in a very smooth job of acting, too. ” From then on, Ms. Peters was in great demand, both at the Met, where she sang her planned Queen of the Night on Jan. 12, 1951, and around the world. As if her debut had foreordained as much, she developed something of a specialty as an   substitute for indisposed singers. Ms. Peters was by all accounts one of opera’s least divalike divas. She was exceptionally game  —   not hesitating, for instance, to don a chicken suit for an episode of “Captain Kangaroo” in 1975. (One is   to picture Maria Callas in similar confines.) She appeared in several memorable TV commercials. In one, for Chock Full o’Nuts, Ms. Peters sang the company’s signature jingle in mellifluous Italian. In another, for American Express  —   part of its   “Do you know me?” campaign  —   she hailed a cab by singing out “ !” in a descending major third, from G to E flat. She had dramatic roles in several movies, including “Tonight We Sing” (1953) based on Mr. Hurok’s life, and on TV shows including “Medical Center,” on which, in 1975, she played a dying singer. The closest thing to drama in Ms. Peters’s personal life was her very brief marriage to the great baritone Robert Merrill, whom she wed on March 30, 1952, and from whom she was divorced on June 26, 1952. (Ms. Peters later said that she had fallen in love with the voice rather than the man.) But they remained friends, and sometime   partners, ever after. Ms. Peters’s second husband, Bertram Fields, a hotelier and   investor whom she married in 1955, died in 2010. In addition to her son Bruce, she is survived by another son, Paul, and four grandchildren. Her many recordings include works by Mozart, Rossini, Verdi, Cole Porter and Gilbert and Sullivan. For all the acclaim that cloaked Ms. Peters, and for all the laurels heaped upon her  —   including a National Medal of Arts in 1998  —   perhaps nothing could match the electricity of that   November night, when a    from the Bronx stepped onto the Met stage an unknown and came back as Roberta Peters. An ovation followed, and flowers along with it. Afterward, Ms. Peters took a taxi all the way home.",0
9250,Enthusiasm for Trump in Poland Is Tempered by Distrust of Putin - The New York Times,"WARSAW  —   Europe’s   populists have scrambled to outdo one another in celebrating Donald J. Trump as an American president who shares many of their nationalistic,   attitudes. Less thrilled are the   in Poland. And the problem is Vladimir V. Putin. Poland already has one of Europe’s most conservative governments, which took office a year ago. And top leaders have eagerly cast Mr. Trump’s election as the latest and most crucial chapter in a global shift away from   liberal democracy. But they also see a worrisome problem: the chummy noises Mr. Trump has made toward Mr. Putin, the Russian president. Even as the government may share many of Mr. Putin’s conservative attitudes and nationalist impulses, Polish leaders are restrained by a deep, almost visceral distrust of him. Memories of Russian domination during the Soviet era are still raw here, and Poland has been one of the most hawkish members of the European Union on taking a hard line toward Mr. Putin. The Polish predicament is yet another reminder of how thoroughly the Trump victory has scrambled the geopolitics of Europe. His campaign remarks undercutting NATO, and suggesting that the United States could possibly walk away from the   alliance, alarmed leaders in the Baltics and in Poland  —   even after Mr. Trump softened his remarks. Most of all, Poland and the rest of Europe will now wait and see whether the victory of Mr. Trump, who apparently has an affinity for Mr. Putin, is an opportunity for Europe, or an existential threat. Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary, who had already made friendly gestures toward Moscow, sees opportunity. Many Poles still see risks. “What Poland can do is keep increasing its military capabilities, keep a low profile and just wait for Putin to show his true colors,” said Jerzy Targalski, a   political analyst and historian who supports the governing Law and Justice Party. “And it won’t take too long. ” For now, Polish leaders have a   strategy to praise Mr. Trump’s victory as a continuation of their own victories, focus on areas of agreement with the new American president and play down, as much as possible, disagreements over things like how to deal with Moscow. Poland’s prime minister, Beata Szydlo, joined other   leaders in declaring Mr. Trump’s victory a validation of the rise of a more nationalistic and muscular form of government with a strong executive and resurgent patriotism. “A certain era in world politics ends, an era when politics focused on elites and dealing with issues of the elites,” she said. “Democracy won despite the liberal propaganda. ” But at the same time, Poland’s president, Andrzej Duda, was quick to add that his country still expected the United States to abide by its NATO commitments and to proceed with plans to deploy NATO troops, including thousands of Americans, this spring along the European Union’s eastern flank. Of course, even some members of Mr. Trump’s own Republican Party do not agree on the best way to approach Mr. Putin  —   whether to continue international pressure, as Poland wishes, or to seize the moment to develop a closer relationship that ends Russia’s isolation, as Poland fears. Poland and the Baltic States, geographically closer to Moscow, have insisted on maintaining pressure. On Thursday, Lithuania’s Parliament voted almost unanimously  —   with just one abstention  —   to maintain economic sanctions as punishment for Russia’s annexation of Crimea and aggression in eastern Ukraine, for instance. On Friday, key European leaders, along with President Obama, pledged to renew those sanctions. But other, more   leaders have indicated they might agree to end the sanctions. Presidents who were elected just this month in Bulgaria and Moldova had talked during their campaigns about doing just that, while political leaders and analysts in Poland and elsewhere expect Mr. Trump to move quickly to negotiate a new “grand bargain” with Mr. Putin. They suspect Mr. Putin also wants to move swiftly, not only to end the sanctions that are squeezing his country’s economy but also, perhaps, to head off that planned spring deployment of NATO troops. Polish officials have preferred to express confidence that, despite the troubling signs, the new president in the end will abide by America’s NATO and European Union commitments. “I think we can be confident that U. S. policy toward Poland and thus also our relations will not deteriorate, that at least they will not become weaker,” Mr. Duda said after a brief phone conversation with Mr. Trump this past week. “And maybe we will be able to strengthen them even further. ” Polish leaders have focused on the more welcome statements Mr. Trump has made, like his promise to try to change rules that force Poles to get visas to visit the United States, long a sore point. And they have steadfastly defended Mr. Trump from criticism in more liberal corners of Europe. As a result, the   government  —   which has chafed under international criticism that its moves to marginalize the country’s constitutional court amounted to an undemocratic attack on the rule of law  —   hopes that Mr. Trump’s victory will create an atmosphere in which it can resolve that crisis more to Warsaw’s liking. “The problem is not that there is a perception that Poland is under immediate threat from Russia,” said Marek Menkiszak, head of the Russian section at the Center for Eastern Studies in Warsaw, an independent but   research group. “The problem is rather this uncertainty caused by the mixed signals that have come out of the Trump team. ” Rudolph W. Giuliani assured a gathering of   voters that the Trump administration would abide by its treaty obligations, including going to the military aid of any NATO member state that is attacked. But then Newt Gingrich, also acting as a Trump surrogate, remarked that if he were president he would not necessarily go to the aid of Estonia, which he described as essentially a suburb of St. Petersburg, sending a shiver down the spine of many Eastern European leaders. And the candidate himself alternated between telling Poland that America would stand behind its ally and making comments about NATO having, perhaps, outlived its usefulness. Optimists point out that pretty much every recent American president went into office hoping to refresh relations with Moscow, only to see those efforts stall. “George W. Bush and Obama also announced a policy of rapprochement with Russia,” said Peter Kreko, the director of the Political Capital Institute, a research group in Budapest. “But in the end, none of them succeeded. ” Polish officials and analysts agree, saying they hope to cement strong relations with the Trump administration  —   stressing shared concerns like immigration and national sovereignty  —   and hope Mr. Trump does not surrender too much, in the short term, in his desire for a deal with Mr. Putin. “You can’t make a deal with Russia and then expect it to keep the terms of the agreement,” said Mr. Targalski, the political analyst. “It’s never a real partnership with Russia. It will take everything the U. S. is willing to offer, and then just keep on testing the new administration’s patience. ” The underlying hope, Polish officials and analysts say, is that the Donald J. Trump of the campaign  —   praising Mr. Putin, belittling NATO, bashing trade treaties  —   will be different from the Donald J. Trump in the Oval Office. Any weakening of the   alliance would have a huge impact on Poland and the region, they say. “Being in this part of Europe, you depend on alliances,” said Marcin Zaborowski, the executive vice president of the Center for European Policy Analysis, who leads its Warsaw office. “Without alliances, we would become the Europe of the 1930s, which did not end too well. ”",0
9251,Full UFO Disclosure Is Inevitable,"Full UFO Disclosure Is Inevitable Nov 18, 2016 7 0 
What is coming can’t be stopped. The truth is out there and we know it. While some believe that a partial disclosure of the truth on the UFO/E.T. phenomena will be pulled off, the reality is that any attempts to subvert or spin the truth of this monumental truth will ultimately backfire. “The truth is out there.” 
According to whistle-blower Corey Goode , the banking and political cabal (some call it the NWO) is bent on releasing the truth about the UFO and extraterrestrial existence, but have that truth spun in a way where this cabal continues to maintain it’s power. In the end, the would not serve the greater interests of humanity, as this cabal would still try to keep several of it’s methods of enslavement over humanity going. 
However, this scenario is extremely unlikely due to the amount of people who know the truth. It is also unlikely due to the kind of information that is continuing to come out regarding the existence of other beings in our universe. Credible Insiders 
Going back to late 2013, former Canadian Prime Minister and Defense Minister Paul Hellyer said in a TV interview with RT , that he knows for a fact that UFOs are real and that they’ve been visiting our planet for thousands of years. He also said that there are at least 4 different species that he knows of and that they want to help us create a peaceful world. He also said they have the technology to completely transform our world for the better. If there would be one interview to send to someone skeptical of this subject, this would be it. Paul Hellyer gave an eye-opening interview. 
In another interview that opened even more eyes was in early 2013 when former NASA Astronaut and Princeton Physics Professor Dr. Brian O’ Leary told the world: 
“There is abundant evidence that we are being contacted and that civilizations have been visiting us for a very long time…” 
In the interview he also discusses free energy technology that these beings use. Another famous quote from Dr. O’Leary regarding free energy technology is: 
“These concepts have been proven in hundreds of laboratories all over the world, yet never see the light of day. If the new energy technologies were set free world wide the change would be profound. It would affect everybody, it would be applicable everywhere. These technologies are absolutely the most important thing that have happened in the history of the world.” 
Another prominent figure who has openly spoken about the UFO and free energy reality is former NASA Astronaut Edgar Mitchell. Mitchell was brought back into focus a little over a month ago when Wikileaks revealed emails that Mitchell sent to John Podesta , chairman of the Clinton campaign. 
It is urgent that we agree on a date and time to meet to discuss Disclosure and Zero Point Energy, at your earliest available after your departure. My Catholic colleague Terri Mansfield will be there too, to bring us up to date on the Vatican’s awareness of ETI (Extraterrestrial Intelligence). 
Remember, our nonviolent ETI from the contiguous universe are helping us bring zero point energy to Earth. They will not tolerate any forms of military violence on Earth or in space. 
Though these are just three cases of well-known, credible insiders revealing the truth, there are literally thousands more that have come forward over the years. For further insider testimony, take a look at The Disclosure Project video where in 2001, over twenty military, intelligence, government, corporate and scientific insiders came forward and testified what they know about the UFO and E.T. subject. It Won’t Stop There 
As truths like this continue to come out, much of what we’ve been taught on this planet will need to be addressed and revised. Almost every area of our world has been compromised by this secret cabal. JFK put it best when he openly stated opposition to “secret societies, secret oaths and to secret proceedings.” As well as opposition to “a ruthless conspiracy…a highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific and political operations.” 
Indeed, almost everything we see around us has been built on secrecy and lies. Full disclosure is more than just the truth about UFOs and other beings visiting our world. It is also more than the free energy technologies that have been intentionally suppressed. Full disclosure will also include learning about these “secret societies” that JFK talked about. It will include learning about how a group of “elites” controlled the media, the schools, the religions, the miltaries, the financial systems as well as controlling the weather (HAARP technology), controlling the food supply and attempting a mass eugenics project through genetically modified foods. 
It will also include learning about the subversion of the scientific method to push their destructive agenda into the health and medical fields. It will include revealing how pharmaceuticals have been used to numb and slowly degrade biological activity within the human body. 
Full disclosure will include learning about the use of chemical weapons on it’s own people through what is known as chemtrails. Even the CIA Chief has admitted they are engaging in such geoengineering practices. We could also call this stratospheric aerosol injection. 
Full disclosure will also reveal how the elite’s have stolen and have been abusing the global collateral accounts . These accounts were intentionally created to fund massive humanitarian projects and are the real reason JFK was murdered. Full disclosure will reveal the true history behind these accounts and all of the banks, governments (registered corporations) and other corporations (like the United Nations) that have been illegally using these accounts. We will also learn about how the 9/11 false flag is connected to these accounts. 
We will also learn about how our birth certificates have been turned into securities that are being traded on the New York Stock Exchange. We will also learn about how almost every “government” in this world is actually a registered corporation . We do not have governments running our country. We have masquerading corporations. 
We’ll also learn about mind control operations that have been used both on the public, as well as on certain politicians, bankers and celebrities. This is most commonly known as MK Ultra. 
We will also learn about the massive child-trafficking, pedophile ring that the elites have been involved in. 
Even so, there will still be much more that will be revealed. Full Disclosure Now 
While some want to create a partial disclosure, such a scenario is nearly impossible. The reason this is so is that there are many, many scientific, military, political and intelligence related people who know an incredible amount of information, but stay silent to either preserve their life or preserve their job. Once the door cracks open, we will see a few major figures come forth and reveal what they know. Once that happens, we will see the floodgates open. Dozens and then hundreds of people who know the truth on a wide range of topics, such as those listed above, will no longer have the threat of death held against them. They will be free to speak about what they know. 
The world is becoming more ready each day thanks to the internet and information like that contained in this article reaching even more people. The world is awakening to the truth and we know that we already have the technology to turn this planet into a paradise. We know that there are peaceful beings living on other planets and in other dimensions. This is reality. 
You can join the growing Facebook group who is pushing for full disclosure here . 
Lastly, take a look at the words from David Wilcock , NYT Best-Selling author, researcher, lecturer and UFO expert from just a couple days ago : 
“I will say that the fight for Disclosure and the defeat of the Cabal is now at a “Red Hot” level, based on multiple insider testimonies. The scope, power and speed of changes we might see are anyone’s guess, but it definitely appears that things are going to get a lot more interesting.”",0
9252,Here Is How to Fend Off a Hijacking of Home Devices - The New York Times,"MODERN homes today are getting   light bulbs, thermostats, TVs and speakers. So with a simple voice command or the touch of a button on our smartphones, we can set the temperature, turn on a light or prepare the TV to record a program. What could go wrong? A lot more than most people are prepared for, it turns out. If one of these devices gets hijacked, hackers could potentially snoop around for sensitive data like financial or health information. Or they could use a network of compromised devices to perform a widespread attack that takes down major websites, which is what happened last October. The good news is that so far, online attacks on home devices are relatively uncommon. Only 10 percent of American consumers said they were victims of the crime in a recent study done for the Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company. However, those who experienced such an attack through their home gadgets reported losses of $1, 000 to $5, 000 from the incidents. “There’s still this whole sort of, ‘Gee whiz, it’s so cool’ thing that’s going on” with   home appliances, said Lee Tien, a lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit that focuses on digital rights. “That’s also what often gets us into trouble. ” As smart home devices become more popular, they will become bigger targets for hackers. So it behooves us to get ahead of the curve by securing our home appliances, using these tips from security experts who have closely studied smart home accessories. When shopping for an   home device like a smart speaker, lighting system or television set, a good rule of thumb is to go with a trusted brand. Larger,   companies like Amazon or Google have a background in developing products with security in mind, said Liviu Arsene, an analyst for Bitdefender, which sells security hardware for protecting smart home accessories. Before buying a product, consumers should do a web search on it to see if the company regularly issues software updates that fix security vulnerabilities, he said. People should also carefully read company privacy policies. David Britton, a vice president in the fraud and identity department of Experian, the credit reporting agency, said people should be curious about whether companies themselves were a threat to user privacy. “What are they capturing about you?” he said. “Is the data leaving the device? Is it being sent back to the mother ship?” Consider the smart speakers from Amazon and Google. Amazon said its Alexa smart assistant, which is used in its Echo speakers, automatically downloads software updates to defend against new security threats. Data from the Echo is also uploaded to Amazon’s servers only after people utter the wake word “Alexa,” the company said. That minimizes the likelihood that the device will record conversations unrelated to requests intended for Alexa. Google said its Home speaker similarly issued regular software updates and employed advanced security features, like a technique that disables the device if its software is tampered with. The company added that the speaker processed speech only after the words “O. K. Google” or “Hey Google” were detected. But other large brands occasionally engage in behavior that customers may find objectionable. The smart TV maker Vizio, for example, made headlines with revelations from the investigative news site ProPublica that it kept a detailed record of customer viewing habits and shared it with advertisers, who could then use the information to identify other devices you owned. Your   network is the pulse of your smart home, thus it is a vulnerable attack point. Mr. Britton and Mr. Arsene suggest connecting all your smart home accessories  —   for example, your Amazon Echo, Nest thermostat, Samsung smart refrigerator and Philips Hue smart lights  —   onto a   network that is separate from the one connected to your computing devices, like your smartphone, tablet and computer. With two distinct   networks, it will be harder for a hacker to jump from infiltrating your smart accessory on one network to a personal computer on the other network, Mr. Arsene said. The easiest way to create a second   network is to make a guest network. Many modern   routers, like  ’s Archer C7 (the top router recommended by The Wirecutter, a product recommendations site owned by The New York Times) include the ability to host a network for guests that uses a name and password different from that of your primary network. Quarantining your smart speakers, lights and TV onto a guest network will allow them all to interact with one another, while keeping your computing devices safer in the event that any of the smart accessories are hacked. If you are paranoid about your   network being hacked, you can also change the   router’s network settings to disable broadcasting the network name entirely, Mr. Britton said. That would make it difficult for a hacker driving by to detect and compromise your network, though it would also require house guests to manually type in your network name and password when they log on to your  . The same security principles for websites apply to the   internet of things. You should set strong, unique passwords for logging into each device you own. If you recycle your passwords and one device is compromised, the others can be, too. A strong password can be a random string of characters or a nonsensical phrase with numbers and special characters. (Examples: My favorite number is Green4782# or The cat ate the CoTTon candy 224%.) If you cannot memorize your passwords, that is a good thing: That means they are hard for hackers to crack. Keep them written down on a piece of paper and stored in a safe place, or store your passwords in a   app like 1Password or LastPass. While reputable manufacturers of smart home accessories offer software updates to patch security vulnerabilities, it is often up to the consumer to stay on top of updates. Because it lacks a screen, a smart light bulb or an   power socket is going to have a tough time informing you that it needs a software update. Mr. Britton and Mr. Arsene recommend that consumers regularly log into the mobile apps or websites for their smart home accessories to check if they need software updates. If updates are available, install them immediately. Among security researchers, putting a piece of tape over a computer webcam has become a    recommendation for those who are extra paranoid about their privacy. (Even Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, does it.) With smart speakers like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, there is an equivalent: a mute button to disable the device microphone so it can no longer listen. In the unlikely event that a device is hijacked, muting the microphone could help prevent hackers from listening to your conversations, Mr. Britton said. Or you could go the safest route and opt out of having these devices at all. That was the method chosen by Mr. Tien, the lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, who previously studied the privacy risks of smart meters, the devices that utility companies use to monitor energy consumption. He said he accepted the privacy implications of owning a smartphone, but a smart home accessory? “I think it’s sort of asking to have your privacy invaded to have something like that,” he said. “I’m not sure that the value of it is really all that great. ”",0
9253,Donald Trump Previews ‘Big Announcement’ on Tax Reform Next Week - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump previewed a major announcement on tax reform next week, as he signed a series of executive orders and spoke to reporters at the Treasury Department. [“The process began long ago, but it really formally begins on Wednesday,” he said, referring to tax reform.  The executive orders will allow the Secretary of the Treasury, Stephen Mnuchin, to start looking for ways to simplify the tax code and change the cumbersome regulatory burden on businesses. “People can’t do their returns. They have no idea what they’re doing. They’re too complicated,” Trump said. “I look forward to taking a hard look at the regulatory burden of our tax code, which consumes billions of productive hours and compliance costs. ” Trump said that his administration would continue to press for tax reform, promising that it would help “struggling Americans achieve their financial dreams. ” “Together, we will restore prosperity to this nation, a nation that we so dearly love, and to bring people who call this home into a great, great way of living and a great way of life,” he said.",0
9254,"Doorway on Moon Found at Bancroft Crater, Google Map, Oct 2016, Photos | Paranormal","(Before It's News)
Date of discovery: October 26, 2016
Location of discovery: Bancroft Crater, Earths Moon
Google Earth Coordinates: 27°54’52.71″N 6°23’23.82″W
I found this entrance to an underground alien base inside of Bancroft crater. The dark opening measures 70 meters by 50 meters exactly. The outer edges measure 114 meters by 114 meters. I used Google ruler to measure this, so it is their statistics. The base entrance is just outside the shadow of the crater, which means it was placed there deliberately to be in the light and make entering and exiting it with smaller ships much easier. Similar base entrance have been found before. For instance, a very similar entrance was found on Google Mars and was 160 meters across, but with similar design. (Click here to view the Mars entrance) .
Scott C. Waring
 Thanks http://www.ufosightingsdaily.com/ Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy",0
9255,Senate Democrats To FBI: Put Up Or Shut Up About Emails (TWEETS),"Senate Democrats To FBI: Put Up Or Shut Up About Emails (TWEETS) By Darrell Lucus on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
If there was any doubt that FBI Director James Comey’s announcement that the FBI was reviewing potential evidence in the Hillary Clinton email affair backfired spectacularly, it was erased on Saturday night. Four top Senate Democrats gave Comey an ultimatum –give us a full accounting of what you know about this, and do so by Monday. 
Senators Dianne Feinstein, Patrick Leahy, Tom Carper, and Ben Cardin fired off a “what the hell is going on here?” letter to Comey and his nominal boss, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, demanding answers about Comey’s “vaguely worded” letter on Friday afternoon. They are the ranking members of the Senate committees that were most involved in the email server investigation–Intelligence (Feinstein), Judiciary (Leahy), Homeland Security (Carper), and Foreign Relations (Cardin). 
Read the full letter here, courtesy Cardin’s Twitter feed. 
— Senator Ben Cardin (@SenatorCardin) October 30, 2016 
In a colossal understatement, they pointed out that the letter didn’t answer any questions, but in fact left a lot of them unanswered. For one thing, Comey’s letter didn’t clarify whether the FBI even had the emails in its custody, let alone had a chance to review them. Comey also didn’t say whether Hillary sent the emails, or if they even had anything to do with the investigation. Additionally, it represented a radical departure from FBI and Justice Department policy against doing anything that could potentially influence an election. 
The Senators also noted that Comey had told his own troops that he didn’t know just how significant those emails were, and that there was a possibility that his letter would be “misunderstood.” In light of the fact that this letter has already been misunderstood, Feinstein, Carper, Leahy, and Cardin want Comey and Lynch–in truth, Comey–to give the Senate “detailed information” about the FBI’s actions no later than the close of business on Monday. To not do so, they add, “would be irresponsible and a disservice to the American people.” 
There were already a number of reasons why Comey should be very afraid. For one thing, at the time, the FBI had not even obtained a warrant for the emails it discovered on the laptop of longtime Hillary aide Huma Abedin while investigating her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, for inappropriate texts with a teenager. So Comey felt the need to alert the House and Senate about these emails, when his people hadn’t even asked a court to review them. 
We also know that Comey’s rumored excuse–that the emails were likely to be leaked unless he told Congress about them first–doesn’t wash. Judge Jeanine Pirro , no fan of Hillary, thinks Comey could have easily solved that problem by privately notifying the committee chairmen and putting them on notice that he would know who was behind any leaks. 
But on Sunday afternoon, The Washington Post reported that the FBI hadn’t gotten a warrant for those emails despite knowing for at least a month that those messages were potentially relevant to the email server case. It finally obtained a warrant on Sunday night. How is Comey going to explain that to the Senate, especially since he knew how explosive this could have been? 
It’s no wonder that Comey’s own troops are steaming mad at him, according to Newsweek and Vanity Fair’s Kurt Eichenwald. Here’s what Eichenwald has learned, by way of review. Word from inside @FBI . FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. ""Outrageous incompetence"" one agent told me. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …his original decision to lay out info on clinton case, then opine on what it meant outside of criminal findings, infuriated these folks.. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 Re: anger within @FBI at Comey. I am getting this at the Special Agent, ASAC and SAC level. Those are the troops. (Most of em GOPrs)…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …for Comey to have so angered ppl at the field office level is really, really bad. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 If Comey's improper comment on ongoing investigation changes polls, @FBI reputation as apolitical will never recover cause of his screwup. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
While Feinstein, Leahy, Carper, and Cardin played good cop, their boss, Minority Leader Harry Reid, played bad cop, accusing Comey of breaking the Hatch Act . I wouldn’t quite go that far. But when the best-case scenario is that Comey was grossly incompetent, that isn’t good. 
Comey’s actions may not have risen to the level of criminal conduct. However, it is clear beyond any doubt that he cannot lead. Eichenwald has talked to a number of DOJ officials from both parties who feel the same way. Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 30, 2016 
Unless Comey has a very good explanation for this–and frankly, I doubt there is one–we need to hear only two things from him after he briefs the Senate. He needs to apologize to the American people, and he needs to resign. 
( featured image courtesy FBI Flickr feed, part of public domain) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
9256,Sean Hannity Is Still Upset Ted Koppel Said He Was ‘Bad for America’ - The New York Times,"The Fox News host Sean Hannity has been very upset. Mr. Hannity is often very upset, at things like the past friendships of President Barack Obama the suspected political leanings of his former colleague Megyn Kelly the resignation of Michael T. Flynn, President Trump’s former national security adviser and the tweets of media reporters from rival news organizations. But the primary target of his anger in recent days has been Ted Koppel, a veteran news anchor and contributor to “CBS Sunday Morning,” which last weekend broadcast a clip from an interview with Mr. Hannity that the Fox star did not like at all. The interview was conducted by Mr. Koppel roughly three weeks ago, Mr. Hannity said on his show Monday night, and had been presented to him as an opportunity to discuss the political polarization in American life. But only a minute or so of the full interview was used. And it looks as though it may have been the part that Mr. Hannity found the most insulting. The night before the segment aired, CBS News posted online a part of the interview in which Mr. Hannity described his upbringing, which he said shaped his views. But in the televised footage, he was shown complaining about socialism, liberalism and “angry snowflakes,”   slang for liberals that conservatives see as easily upset. Then he led with his chin: Mr. Hannity asked if Mr. Koppel, an elder statesman of broadcast news who hosted the ABC show “Nightline” for 25 years, thought he and his show were “bad for America. ” Mr. Koppel responded, “Yeah. ” “Really?” Mr. Hannity responded, his voice rising an octave or two. “That’s sad, Ted. That’s sad. ” Why did Mr. Koppel think Mr. Hannity’s show was bad for America? “You have attracted people who have determined that ideology is more important than facts,” Mr. Koppel said. He also told Mr. Hannity, an enthusiastic   supporter of President Trump, “You are very good at what you do. ” What Mr. Hannity has done for the last two nights is use his show to put his anger on full display. He has directly addressed Mr. Koppel (“Ted, you show in this clip, you are not a journalist,” he said on Monday’s show.) He has denounced the segment as “edited fake news. ” He has compared Mr. Koppel to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton  —   perhaps the worst insult a Fox News host can throw at you. He has also demanded that CBS release the full tape of his interview, which he called ”a very good, substantive   . ” Bill O’Reilly, another Fox host, and Brit Hume, a political analyst at the network, repeated that call on Monday night. So did the conservative commentator Michelle Malkin, who called the    Mr. Koppel “ancient” and a “walking dead decrepit media elitist. ” On Tuesday’s broadcast, the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham told Mr. Hannity that he was Mr. Koppel’s “victim” and said CBS treated him unfairly as a way to protect “the worldview of the left. ” “They want to delegitimize you,” she said. Mr. Koppel has not responded to Mr. Hannity. A spokesman for CBS News said the network would not respond, either, and also would not release the unedited footage of the interview, which was part of a   segment that was not a profile devoted to Mr. Hannity. Mr. Hannity has turned the slight into a dispute over the intelligence of “the American people,” which he accused Mr. Koppel of underestimating. He said people were smart enough to know the difference between what he does and a news broadcast. So what does he do? On Monday, Mr. Hannity described himself as “a   host” and “an advocacy journalist” who covers stories  —   like President Obama’s ties to “black liberation theology,” he said in one example  —   that CBS would not touch. But he also used the word “news” to describe the service he provides his viewers, asking Mr. Koppel, “How can I be bad for America when I am offering the American people news and information nightly that your own network will not touch because they have an agenda?” Mr. Hannity has never hidden his own conservative beliefs. Immediately before Mr. Koppel’s rebuke, he was describing a   political vision so expansive that he went out of his way to be clear that he did not mean to foment revolution. “Honestly, I think liberalism has to be defeated. Socialism must be defeated  —   in a political sense,” he said. “This is not a  —   we don’t want a revolution in this country. ” One of the prime engines of   disloyalty was the media, he said, which he accused of being “out to destroy the president. ” He now says Mr. Koppel is doing the same thing to him. “That’s the difference, Ted, between me and you,” he said on Monday night. “I’m honest with my audience. I don’t pretend that I’m fair and balanced and objective. You do. ”",0
9257,This Great-Grandmother Coaches an Olympic Champion. Now Let Her By. - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The   who could pass as Barbara Bush’s kid sister waded through the stands at Olympic Stadium on Sunday night, trying to get close enough to congratulate the South African runner Wayde van Niekerk, who had just captured the gold medal in the 400 meters and broken one of the oldest world records in men’s track and field. The woman, Anna Sofia Botha, 74, said she kept getting turned away, even though her credentials were impeccable. With her white helmet hair and kindly air, event officials apparently did not believe that she was a coach of a   holder in one of track’s glamour events. “We really tried really hard to get on the track,” she said. By Monday afternoon, Botha had the keys to the city  —   or at least to the Olympic Village  —   once word had spread that a most unlikely coach had helped propel van Niekerk to gold. Standing in the plaza, surrounded by reporters while van Niekerk conducted interviews a few yards away, she seemed perplexed that people were suddenly seeking her out for interviews. “The whole coaching scenario is an everyday way of life for me,” she said. “It’s nothing new, nothing out of the ordinary. ” Botha’s profile was measurably lower on Sunday night. Describing her attempts to see van Niekerk after his race, she said, “At every entrance there was security and they just wouldn’t let me go through. ” Finally, Botha said, members of Team South Africa interceded. With their help, she was able to see van Niekerk, whom she has coached for four years, over an hour after he had broken the American Michael Johnson’s 1999 world record of 43. 18 with a 43. 03 clocking. Tears were shed, she said. “We just hugged each other,” Botha said. “It wasn’t necessary to say anything. We knew in our hearts and in our minds what we thought and what we had achieved. ” Before the night was over, another of Bloemfontein’s athletes, Akani Simbine, had finished fifth in the 100 meters. A day later, Botha said, “I’m still struggling to let it sink in. It’s so unreal and unbelievable. ” This is Botha’s first Olympics. She competed  —   without distinction, she said  —   in the sprints and the long jump when she was young and began coaching in 1968 while living in her native Namibia, then a territory under the rule of South Africa. Her first athletes were her son and daughter, but when they reached a certain level, she passed them off to other coaches, she said, “because I feel that’s not always a good thing as a parent to coach your own children. ” The woman who didn’t believe it prudent to coach her own children has earned the trust of her athletes by treating them as family. “She doesn’t see us as athletes or as people she sees us as her children,” said van Niekerk, who asked Botha in late 2012 if he could train under her at the University of the Free State, where she has been the head track and field coach since 1990. The previous year, an    van Niekerk had won the 200 meters at the South African Athletics Championships with a personal best of 20. 57 seconds. “I was very excited but also humbled and also a little worried,” Botha said, “because I knew this is   athlete and there will be a really big responsibility on me to coach him and to bring him along. ” Van Niekerk’s favorite event is the 200 meters, but the explosiveness required in the long sprints was hard on his body. He was often injured, and so Botha encouraged him to switch his focus to the 400 meters, reasoning that he could still take advantage of his sprinting abilities but with less wear and tear on his body. In 2015, van Niekerk won the world championship title in the 400, validating Botha’s hunch. “When I tell him you have to do this and this and this, he never complains, never,” she said. “Sometimes he really suffers, then he tells me, ‘I know what our dreams and goals are and I will do what you tell me to do. ’” Her athletes describe her as a benevolent disciplinarian. “When I first met her I was scared of her,” Simbine said. When his words were relayed to her, Botha broke out in a laugh so infectious it could draw a solitary aardvark out of its burrow. “I’m really strict in my coaching,” she said. “I expect the moment that we start with training I want the focus and the dedication on the training. ” Van Niekerk, 24, described Botha as “an amazing woman. ” He expressed gratitude for the discipline she has instilled in him. He offered an example that could have been uttered by a Giants football player during the Tom Coughlin regime. “She’s got a thing where if we’re five minutes early we’re late,” van Niekerk said. Botha appeared for her interview several minutes before the arranged time. She took it in stride when a male reporter asked her if she is always, or only sometimes, coaching van Niekerk. “It’s very important for me to be there every day with Wayde or any of my other athletes to see every day if there is a problem,” she said, adding, “I have to read my athlete. I have to read his mind and read his body and listen to what his body tells me. I think I have the ability to know my athlete inside out. ” She took it in stride when another male reporter asked her if she knew what van Niekerk’s splits were in his   race. It was like asking a carpenter if he knew the measurements for the table he had just carved out of pine wood. “At 300 meters,” she said, “he was faster than what we had planned for. ” Van Niekerk won the race from Lane 8, considered a disadvantageous position. Botha said it didn’t bother her that he was in an outside lane. “Because every lane is the same distance,” she said. What did she say to van Niekerk before the race? “We didn’t really talk,” she said, adding, “The more empty the mind is the more focused he is on what he has to do. ” Botha said she has other talented athletes in her training group. “Oh, yes,” she said. “I have two girls and another boy. ” She will turn 75 later this year, but has no plans to slow down. “I still love coaching and I still love my athletes,” Botha said, “so I can’t see a reason why I would go and sit down and play with my fingers. That’s not in my nature. ”",0
9258,A Bloody Reminder for Somalia: Chaos Is Never Far Away - The New York Times,"MOGADISHU, Somalia  —   When the first explosion rang out, the men on the hotel patio looked up for a moment, then at one another  —   and kept on eating breakfast. Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, long ago grew accustomed to such jarring sounds, and nobody seemed surprised by a loud bang somewhere not too far away. It took another, even louder explosion a few minutes later to get everyone’s attention. Something fatal was going on. A   of the militiamen who guard the hotel piled into a pickup with their Kalashnikovs and ammunition vests while the photographer Tyler Hicks and I grabbed our gear  —   cameras, notebooks, bulletproof vests, press credentials, bottles of water  —   and climbed into an armored truck, slamming the door tight behind us. We headed for the hospital. I have been to Mogadishu many times, but this was my first visit in several years, and when I got to town, I was struck by how much progress the capital seemed to be making. There was still plenty of evidence of the   city of old  —   the crushed houses, craters and   walls  —   but there were also new apartment complexes, crowded markets and freshly painted shops selling   TVs. It was even possible to go out for pizza Tuesday night, something I would never have dared before. The scene at the hospital tore at that hopeful illusion. The floor was slippery with blood. Dozens of wounded people streamed in, bleeding from their heads, faces, feet, arms and backs. Some were covered in fine white dust from collapsed walls. Some lay on steel gurneys as squadrons of flies crawled over their shrapnel wounds. Some were clearly in pain. There was confusion, anger, shouting and a lot of sweat. Talking to witnesses, I began to piece together what had happened. Terrorists had struck at another hotel across town from ours, the Dayah: first with a bomb, and then with gunmen spraying fire at hotel guests. The attack ended with a second bomb. By the grim standards of Mogadishu, where terrorist attacks have sometimes killed as many as 50 people in an instant, the toll on Wednesday was not especially large. Government officials said later in the day that about 13 people had been killed, and about 50 had been wounded. The BBC reported that nearly 30 people were dead. No one I spoke to at the hospital had any doubt who was responsible: It must have been the Shabab, they said, meaning the Somali militant organization that has been terrorizing the country for years. The group later claimed responsibility. In the corner of one ward, a young man was lying with a   video camera next to him. He spoke a little English and said he felt good enough to talk. His name was Mohamed Abdihakim, and he was a freelance journalist, making his living filming the mayhem that Mogadishu regularly endures. When he heard the rumble of the first explosion roll across the rooftops like thunder, he said, he jumped into a   (a kind of motorized rickshaw) and urged the driver to head for the rising column of smoke as fast as he could. Along the way, he said, a colleague warned him by phone that it was never a good idea to be the first one on the scene of an attack. But Mr. Abdihakim, 28 and determined, said he had to get there, and he did  —   in time for the second explosion. He was standing next to some other journalists and filming the scene when the blast knocked them all to the ground. Both his hands were badly injured. “Do I have any regrets? No,” he said from his hospital bed, wearing mittens of gauze. “But maybe it’s time to do something else. ” There seemed to be hundreds of people at the hospital, and the crowd thickened by the minute as battered cars raced up with more casualties. Armed men shoved past us, waving guns menacingly at anyone in the way. For more than 25 years since its old central government collapsed, Somalia, one of the world’s poorest nations, has lurched from one crisis to another: civil war, famine, piracy, Islamic militancy. But in the last few years, it seemed as though another war was being waged for Mogadishu’s soul  —   between residents trying to get on with life and taste a little normalcy and those bent on ruin. Peacekeepers from the African Union have managed to stabilize the main cities in recent years,   militias have calmed down a bit, some foreign investment has flowed in and life has improved. Many roads are newly paved. There are now working streetlights and dry cleaners and cash machines, small miracles in a country that had become a byword for anarchy. Somalia is in the process of selecting a new president, who will be chosen by members of Parliament in the next few weeks. Government officials say the Shabab have been trying to derail that process, and attacked the Dayah Hotel on Wednesday because some newly elected representatives were staying there. A similar explanation appeared on a website associated with the group. The first explosion, officials said, was from a large truck bomb at the hotel gates. Four gunmen stormed in afterward, and the final explosion, a bomb in a minivan, went off about 15 minutes later. Three of the assailants were quickly shot, and the fourth killed himself with a suicide vest, officials said. From photos of their bodies, all appeared to be young, possibly even teenagers. According to Somali authorities, no government officials were killed in the attack. The dead were hotel guards, guests and bystanders.",0
9259,"Rio Olympics: U.S. Basketball, Swimmers Detained, and the Women’s 200 - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The Argentine fans were waving flags, imploring their compatriots to jump along, and singing that anyone who did not join the fun was Brazilian. The Brazilians yelled right back, heralding the career goal tally of Pele, their soccer hero, and crowing about their five World Cup trophies. They made sure, of course, to insult Diego Maradona, Argentina’s own World Cup legend. It was, in many ways, a typical, sardonic showdown between fans of the two   South American rivals  —   except it was happening on Wednesday night at a basketball game between Argentina and the United States. The Americans looked lively amid the noise, sauntering to a   win that left the Brazilians fans  —   their sports allies for a night  —   singing in joy. As the seconds ticked off the clock in the blowout, Brazilians fans yelled out “Ole!” to usher the Argentines out of Carioca Arena 1. “We didn’t understand what was going on,” said Paul George, who had 17 and 8 rebounds and galvanized his team with his defense effort. “We didn’t know if they were against each other or if they were cheering with each other. ” Want all the results in Rio? Go here. Two American swimmers were pulled off their flight to the United States by Brazilian authorities, Olympic officials said Wednesday night, the latest indication that the police are skeptical of the swimmers’ claims that they were held up at gunpoint during the Rio Games. “We can confirm that Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz were removed from their flight to the United States by Brazilian authorities,” a spokesman for the United States Olympic Committee said. “We are gathering further information. ” Earlier, a Brazilian judge issued an order to prevent Ryan Lochte and James Feigen, the other two American swimmers involved in the case, from leaving the country as doubts emerged over their testimony about the episode. Read the complete story here. Elaine Thompson of Jamaica won the 200 meters    to complete a sprint double at the games. Dafne Schippers of the Netherlands won the silver medal, and Tori Bowie of the United States won the bronze. Her winning time was 21. 78. In the 100 meters, Thompson had dethroned her countrywoman, the   winner    . Bowie was the silver medalist in that race. Gatlin fails to qualify in 200: The American sprinter Justin Gatlin surprisingly failed to qualify for the final of the 200 meters. Gatlin, who won the silver medal in the 100, seemed to ease up in the last strides only to slip to third place. Only the top two finishers in each semifinal automatically qualified for the final. Usain Bolt qualified by winning another semifinal, as did the American Lashawn Merritt. U. S. Sweeps 100 Hurdles: The United States completed a rare    sweep in the women’s   hurdles. Brianna Rollins won the gold medal, Nia Ali the silver and Kristi Castlin the bronze. Several referees and judges have been removed from the Olympic boxing competition after officials reviewed their decisions, fueling suspicion of dubious results in some matches at the Rio Games. The federation, known as AIBA, said in a statement that the committee that reviews officiating had assessed all 239 bouts at the Rio Games through Tuesday and had “determined that less than a handful of the decisions were not at the level expected. ” The federation also said in the statement that “the concerned referees and judges will no longer officiate at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. ” Read the article here. How to Watch: NBC broadcasts on a tape delay, but you can stream all the events here. Boxing: Claressa Shields, generally considered the best American boxer of either sex, made her debut in the Olympic ring with a comfortable unanimous decision over Iaroslava Iakushina of Russia in a quarterfinal. The victory clinched a medal for Shields, the defending Olympic champion and a   world champion. Track and Field: Ashton Eaton of the United States, the   holder, began his defense of his gold medal in the decathlon with the first five events. Eaton’s wife, the Canadian Brianne   took bronze in the heptathlon earlier in the Games. Usain Bolt and Justin Gatlin are at it again, in the semifinals of the 200 meters. The women are already down to the final, in which Elaine Thompson of Jamaica, who won the 100, will look to double, and Dafne Schippers of the Netherlands will look to stop her. Then the night at the Olympic Stadium could be capped with an American sweep in the women’s   hurdles. Volleyball: The United States men advanced to the semifinals with a   victory over Poland. Golf: While many of the PGA Tour stars skipped the Games, the top women came to Brazil in numbers. They got their first shot at the Olympic Golf Course on Wednesday. Ariya Jutanugarn of Thailand, this year’s British Open winner, was the leader after one round. It has been a rough stretch for Brazil at these Games. Playing at home in front of loud, supportive crowds, the Brazilians endured critical losses to Argentina in men’s basketball and to Sweden in women’s soccer, and on Tuesday their   women’s beach volleyball team lost to Germany. But when midnight struck on Copacabana, the Brazilians took their beach back. And on Wednesday afternoon, they reclaimed the soccer field. In front of a raucous home crowd, Brazil’s No. 2 beach volleyball team, Ágatha and Bárbara, knocked out the favored United States pair of Kerri Walsh Jennings and April Ross to advance to the gold medal match. Brazil’s triumph ended the gold medal run of Walsh Jennings, a   Olympic champion, and restored some pride in the Brazilian ranks. Ágatha and Bárbara won,     to earn a spot in the final against Germany (11 p. m. Eastern on Wednesday) which had beaten the   Brazilians Talita and Larissa earlier Tuesday night. Walsh Jennings had won three gold medals and had never lost an Olympic match. She had lost only two sets in her Olympic career before falling in straight sets at the Copacabana venue. The Brazilian men’s soccer team, which had been lambasted after two tame   draws to start the tournament, put it all together in a semifinal game at the famed Maracanã stadium, demolishing Honduras,   with Neymar scoring twice. The gold medal game is Saturday.",0
9260,Justice Department to Track Use of Force by Police Across U.S. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Justice Department said Thursday that it would start collecting nationwide data early next year on police shootings and other violent encounters with the public, after a series of protests and investigations since 2014 spurred by a string of deadly episodes. The project, the most ambitious the federal government has undertaken in tracking the use of force by police officers, is meant to fill what officials say is a huge and frustrating void in publicly available data on the shootings that have roiled the country. Under the plan, the Justice Department will gather more data on the use of force by federal agents and help local departments report information on a wider range of police encounters. But a number of the reporting steps will rely on local police officials to voluntarily submit data, and some civil rights advocates said the Justice Department had not made clear how it would impose financial penalties set by Congress to encourage the reporting of police shootings. “I can’t believe two years into this crisis that we’re still having conversations about data,” said Kanya Bennett, a lawyer in Washington for the American Civil Liberties Union, which met with the Justice Department to discuss the plan. With President Obama leaving office in three months, Ms. Bennett said, “this is essentially being punted to the next administration. ” After a series of fatal encounters in places like Ferguson, Mo. Charlotte, N. C. Tulsa, Okla. Baton Rouge, La. Cleveland Milwaukee Baltimore and Staten Island  —   many involving unarmed black men and caught on video  —   officials have struggled to gather basic information about how often such episodes occur and what can be done. The most comprehensive records on police shootings have come from the news media, particularly The Washington Post and The Guardian, which have created running databases. James B. Comey, the director of the F. B. I. told lawmakers last year that it was “embarrassing” that the news media could produce better data than his own agency on such an important issue. “We can’t have an informed discussion because we don’t have data,” Mr. Comey told the House Judiciary Committee last October. “People have data about who went to a movie last weekend, or how many books were sold, or how many cases of the flu walked into the emergency room,” he said, “and I cannot tell you how many people were shot by police in the United States last month, last year, or anything about the demographic. And that’s a very bad place to be. ” According to the Post database, 991 people were fatally shot by the police last year, and 754 have been so far this year. Under the Justice Department plan, the F. B. I. is to begin a pilot program early next year to assemble data on the use of force by about 178, 000 agents at major federal law enforcement agencies including the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Marshals Service, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and the F. B. I. itself. In addition, the Justice Department plans to begin collecting data from local and state law enforcement departments on “in custody” deaths  —   not just in shootings, but in cases of suicide and natural death as well. A measure passed by Congress in 2014 called the Death in Custody Reporting Act required local departments to report only fatal encounters. Justice Department officials said they would rely on local police officials to voluntarily report nonlethal encounters as well. Under a third part of the plan, the Justice Department said it was authorizing $750, 000 for a “police data initiative” designed to help local departments collect and publicly release information on a wider range of actions, including stops of citizens, searches, the use of force, shootings and other encounters. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said in announcing the plan Thursday that comprehensive and accurate data on police encounters was essential in “increasing transparency and building trust between law enforcement and the communities we serve. ” Lacking better data has made it “very, very hard” to determine the causes of police shootings, or even whether there was an actual increase in such episodes or simply more publicity about them, Ms. Lynch said at an event Thursday night at Georgetown University. The law passed by Congress in 2014 for reporting   deaths allows the attorney general to impose financial penalties on states that do not report data. But Ms. Bennett, the A. C. L. U. lawyer, faulted the Justice Department for failing to explain how that would happen under the new plan. In a letter to the Justice Department last week, the A. C. L. U. and 95 other groups pushing for greater accountability in police shootings wrote that imposing financial penalties was critical to the success of the program. In the past, the letter said, “voluntary reporting programs on   encounters have failed. ” The steps announced by the Justice Department grew out of a presidential commission appointed by Mr. Obama in 2014 to study ways of reducing conflict and tensions between police departments and the communities they serve. Announcing a series of recommendations from the commission in March 2015, Mr. Obama said that the country needed to seize the opportunity to “transform”   relations. “We have a great opportunity, coming out of some great conflict and tragedy, so that everybody feels safer and our law enforcement officers feel, rather than being embattled, feel fully supported,” he said,",0
9261,A Trump Fan Just Hung Two Black Dummies From A Tree In His Front Yard,"Comments 
Republicans often talk about yard signs in their neighborhood as proof of their candidate’s fitness for office, but a photograph of one Florida resident’s Trump sign with lynched black people hanging from a tree has gone viral. It’s a terrifying reminder of the pervasive racial hatred pitched by Donald Trump’s new Republican Party, which he normalized by accepting the endorsement of former KKK chief David Duke and by leading the “alt-right” movement to Make America Discriminatory Again. 
Miami’s New Times reports : There needs to be a hell of a lot of hate in your heart to think lynching people on Halloween is funny. And yet, here we are, Miami. A homeowner in Three Lakes, a small community in suburban Kendall, is celebrating the holiday by lynching two black-looking dummies in his or her yard. It’s also impossible to ignore what’s just in front of the display on the same lawn: A “Trump/Pence 2016” sign. 
The two men are faceless, but their skin appears to be dark. They’re each wearing traditionally “hip-hop” clothing: One of the dead men has a sports jersey on and a crooked baseball cap, and the other has his pants sagged low. Black activists have been circulating the photos on Facebook all day and calling for a quick response from the neighborhood. The community’s property manager, Orelys Canas, tells New Times they’ve contacted the homeowner and asked him or her to remove the installation. 
After the story went viral, the homeowner contacted the local news to pretend that his lynching display was actually some form of tolerance. They also claimed that the Trump/Pence sign didn’t even belong to them, but other tipsters made it clear that the entire display clearly depicted a lynching scene with a Trump sign. 
Trump supporters instantly bombarded the news editors who published the chilling photos: Well it took exactly ten minutes for a guy to suggest Hillary planted the lynched black dummies at a Trump supporter's house #wakeupsheeple pic.twitter.com/MbIoC0PQds 
— Tim Elfrink (@timelfrinkmia) October 28, 2016 
It’s unconscionable that anyone would present a mock lynching in their neighborhood and portray it as anything other than an act of racial hatred. Shamefully, the Republican Party and their dreadful presidential nominee Donald Trump have done everything within their power this year to normalize racism and bigotry. 
This is the end result:",0
9262,"Dennis Hastert Sentenced to 15 Months, and Apologizes for Sex Abuse - The New York Times","CHICAGO  —   J. Dennis Hastert, once among the nation’s most powerful politicians, was sentenced on Wednesday to 15 months in prison for illegally structuring bank transactions in an effort to cover up his sexual abuse of young members of a wrestling team he coached decades ago. In a hearing that was by turns harrowing and revelatory, Mr. Hastert publicly admitted for the first time to abusing his athletes, was confronted in emotional addresses by one of the former wrestlers and the sister of another, and faced a long, scathing rebuke from the judge. Mr. Hastert, 74, who made an unlikely rise from beloved   wrestling coach in Illinois to speaker of the House in Washington, sat slouched in a wheelchair in a federal courtroom here as a judge announced that he was rejecting pleas for probation from Mr. Hastert’s lawyers, as well as prosecutors’ endorsement of a shorter prison stay. While the sentencing hearing was, technically, about a violation of banking rules and regulations, the proceedings focused squarely on the underlying reason for Mr. Hastert’s puzzling bank withdrawals  —   his abuse of young wrestlers who had viewed him as a role model. “The defendant is a serial child molester,” said Judge Thomas M. Durkin of Federal District Court, as Mr. Hastert sat impassively, often staring downward, hands crossed on his lap. He added, “Some actions can obliterate a lifetime of good works. Nothing is more stunning than having ‘serial child molester’ and ‘speaker of the House’ in the same sentence. ” Mr. Hastert was not charged with sexual abuse because statutes of limitation for acts in the 1960s and ’70s have run out the judge noted pointedly that punishment for such a conviction would have been far worse. Illegally structuring bank transactions to keep such abuse secret  —   the felony count to which Mr. Hastert pleaded guilty  —   carried a maximum sentence of five years in prison. Mr. Hastert, whose date to report to prison has yet to be set, was ordered to pay $250, 000 in fines, never to contact his victims and to receive   treatment. “If there’s a public shaming of the defendant because of the conduct he’s engaged in, so be it,” Judge Durkin said. Mr. Hastert has had a series of illnesses since last year, including a stroke, a blood stream infection and a spinal infection  —   factors his lawyers and family members argued should be taken into account in the sentencing. They urged the judge to consider the entire arc of his life and career, including his years of public service. As Mr. Hastert prepared to address the judge, he used a walker to rise to his feet, but his voice was firm and clear. “The thing I want to do today is say I’m sorry to those I hurt and misled,” said Mr. Hastert, whose grown sons were in the courtroom. “I want to apologize to the boys I mistreated when I was their coach. What I did was wrong and I regret it. ” Mr. Hastert’s remarks followed a tearful, halting statement from one of his victims, Scott Cross, a former wrestler, who had never before spoken publicly about his abuse and who said that he had not even been sure whether he could bring himself to make his statement now. “As a high school wrestler I looked up to Coach Hastert  —   he was a key figure in my life,” said Mr. Cross, now 53 and a businessman who works in financial services in the Chicago area. From a podium just feet from Mr. Hastert’s wheelchair, Mr. Cross recalled abuse that occurred on a locker room training table when he was 17. “I felt intense pain, shame and guilt,” he said. He said that he had gone years without speaking of what had happened, even to his parents and closest friends. “I’ve always felt that what Coach Hastert had done to me was my darkest secret,” Mr. Cross said. The revelation that Mr. Cross was among Mr. Hastert’s victims caused a ripple through Illinois’s Republican Party, where Mr. Hastert had gotten his political start and had been a political mentor to Mr. Cross’s brother, Tom Cross, a former state House Republican leader. Judge Durkin noted that Mr. Hastert had recently unsuccessfully sought a letter of support from Tom Cross. Judge Durkin is the brother of another prominent lawmaker here, Jim Durkin, the Republican leader in the state House, and the judge had offered last year to recuse himself in the case. The sister of another victim, Stephen Reinboldt, spoke directly to Mr. Hastert, describing lonely, isolated years Mr. Reinboldt spent after repeated abuse by Mr. Hastert in high school until his death of AIDS in 1995. “You took his life, Mr. Hastert,” Jolene Burdge, the sister, said. “Not because he died of AIDS, but because you took his innocence and turned it against him. ” At one point, the judge stared down at Mr. Hastert from the bench, and questioned him about the victims, one by one. “You said you mistreated athletes. Did you sexually abuse Mr. Cross?” he asked. “I don’t remember doing that, but I accept his statement,” Mr. Hastert replied. “Did you sexually abuse Victim B?” Judge Durkin asked, referring to one of at least two other former wrestlers whose names have not been made public. Mr. Hastert paused. “Yes,” he said. “How about Mr. Reinboldt  —   did you sexually abuse him?” Judge Durkin asked. Mr. Hastert said that was “a different situation,” but eventually acknowledged the abuse. Patrick Collins, a former federal prosecutor in Chicago who has handled corruption cases including that of former Gov. George Ryan, a Republican, said that it was unusual for a judge to veer so far from the sentencing guidelines, which recommended no prison time or up to six months. “It’s extraordinary that the case was on its face a    financial structuring case with the conduct acknowledged, but the sentencing was about everything, essentially, but the structuring,” Mr. Collins said. Mr. Hastert’s fall from genial retired House speaker and hometown celebrity was sudden and steep. For decades, both in Washington and in Yorkville, on the edge of Chicago’s western suburbs, where Mr. Hastert had coached the local high school wrestling team to state championship, he had a reputation for appearing    and steady. Mr. Hastert, who had served in the Illinois legislature and was then elected to Congress, found himself catapulted to speaker in 1999, in part because he seemed to be a safe, agreeable option. After leaving Congress, he went on to become a lobbyist. He was charged last May with lying to the F. B. I. and making cash withdrawals in a way devised to hide the fact that he was paying $3. 5 million to a former wrestler for misconduct. The wrestler, whose name has not been revealed and who is identified in documents only as Individual A, told of abuse in a motel room during a wrestling camp trip when he was 14. After the payments began, around 2010, the federal authorities took notice of large, unexplained withdrawals Mr. Hastert was making from his bank. When told that large withdrawals had to be reported, Mr. Hastert began drawing smaller sums, prosecutors say, to avoid notice. The wrestler sued Mr. Hastert this week, saying he still owed him $1. 8 million of their   settlement. Before the hearing, a long list of supporters  —   from Mr. Hastert’s wife, Jean, to Tom DeLay, the former House majority leader  —   had sent letters to Judge Durkin. “He doesn’t deserve what he is going through,” Mr. DeLay wrote. But for nearly 45 minutes on Wednesday, Judge Durkin held forth in a passionate, often contemptuous tone, with little interruption. He said that Mr. Hastert had “manipulated” the F. B. I. and the United States attorney’s office, diverted their investigation and knowingly tried to “set up” Individual A, actions that were “intentional, thought out and desperate. ” The judge spoke broadly about child sexual abuse and the lifelong damage it inflicts. “Can you imagine the whispers, the   the sideways glances if you’re a    boy and you accuse the town hero of molesting you?” he said. He dismissed the defense’s arguments that Mr. Hastert was too old, frail or ill to be properly taken care of in a federal prison. And he ended with a blunt synopsis. “This is a horrible case  —   a horrible set of circumstances, horrible for the defendant, horrible for the victims, horrible for our country,” he said. “I hope I never have to see a case like this again. Court adjourned. ”",0
9263,Libertarian Candidate To MSNBC: “I’m Here Vouching for Mrs. Clinton.”,"Comments 
Tonight, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow i nterviewed widely respected Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld, who took time out from bashing Republican nominee Donald Trump to drop a truth bomb on live television. Weld served as the Republican Governor of the very blue state of Massachusetts, and has a reputation as a serious public servant of stellar reputation. He said: 
“I’m here vouching for Mrs. Clinton, and I think it’s high time somebody did, and I’m doing it based on my personal experience with her. I think that she deserves to have people vouch for her other than members of the Democratic National Committee.” 
As Rachel Maddow says, it’s not quite an endorsement, but coming from Weld, it’s meaningful personal affirmation of the Democratic nominee’s character and fitness for office from a politician outside her party. We’re sure that the Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson will put out yet another statement denying what you can plainly see in the video below. 
Watch him vouch for Hillary Clinton here:",0
9264,Soros Spends Millions to Unseat Sheriff Joe Arpaio,"Email 
Hillary Clinton is not the only leftist whose “dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders.” Her billionaire buddy and comrade-in-arms George Soros (shown) also wants open borders. And he puts his money where his misguided ideals are. In Maricopa County, Arizona, Soros and other deep-pocketed leftists are pulling out all the stops to unseat Sheriff Joe Arpaio because he enforces border protection. 
Sheriff Arpaio has spent the majority of his 23 years in office in the spotlight for his strong, conservative practices. Much of the heat he has taken has been over his stance on illegal immigration. Arpaio began focusing on the myriad legal problems associated with illegal immigrants in 2005. Since then, his office has run a large number of operations investigating and raiding businesses in Maricopa County that employ illegals, and has arrested those illegals, charging them with identity theft. Arpaio’s office also conducts sweeps and raids of day-labor sites. He boasts a tremendous success rate in nearly 60 raids, with 100 percent of the people arrested for using stolen identity cards being proven to be illegal immigrants. 
The philosophy behind Arpaio’s law-enforcement efforts is simple: Since a disproportionate percentage of crime is committed by illegals, arresting them for using stolen identities (which they do to appear legal) before they commit other crimes reduces overall crime and serves the public interest. In a press conference after ramping up his efforts to protect the border in 2007, Arpaio said, “Ours is an operation where we want to go after illegals, not the crime first,” adding, “It's a pure program. You go after them, and you lock them up."" 
Of course, this runs 180 degrees opposite the liberal agenda of Soros and company. It goes directly against the grain of two of the Left’s golden calves: open borders and law enforcement “reform.” As The New American reported in September, Soros and his ilk have committed more than $100 million to the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement in a concerted effort to wage a war on police. In the case of Arpaio, Soros has spent $2 million of his own money putting together a PAC to attack the sheriff and support his Democratic opponent, Paul Penzone. 
The PAC — Maricopa Strong — has already spent $2.9 million on negative mailers and television ads, claiming that “Arpaio talks tough, but he doesn’t keep us safe,” because he ignores crime while he “focuses on his personal agenda.” That agenda, of course, is to take illegals off the streets of Maricopa County before they contribute disproportionately to the crime in that county. 
Politico is reporting that Michael Vachon, a Soros spokesman, admitted that Soros is funding the attacks on Arpaio, saying: We made a major investment in the effort to defeat Joe Arpaio for two reasons. First, Joe Arpaio has been a stain on the justice system in Arizona for more than two decades, violating civil rights and abusing his office. Second, his influence on the national conversation about immigration has been poisonous. This election is an opportunity to send a message: When matched on an even playing field, the values of justice and inclusion will defeat the politics of fear-mongering and intolerance. 
The “fear-mongering and intolerence” Vachon condemns is actually simple respect for the rule of law. Penzone ran against Arpaio in the last election on a platform of reversing the trends Arpaio has worked to put into play, but was unable to defeat the man who has spent more than two decades protecting the citizens who have continued to re-elect him. 
In this election, though (thanks in no small part to the anti-police rhetoric of Soros-funded BLM), Arpaio may have a closer race on his hands. The well-funded attack orchestrated by Maricopa Strong may be enough to tip the scales. If so, the influx of illegals (and the crimes they will commit) will likely destroy the relative peace and law and order enjoyed by the citizens of Maricopa County. “Maricopa Strong” will make Maricopa weak on crime. Photo: AP Images  ",0
9265,"Jo Cox, Donald Trump, Golden State Warriors: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Russia was hit with an extraordinary punishment for its doping scandals: The governing body for track and field barred the Russian team from the Rio Olympics. President Vladimir Putin denounced the decision as politically motivated. It appears possible that the International Olympic Committee might ease or amend the suspension when it meets on Tuesday. _____ 2. Britain’s shock over the killing of a member of Parliament deepened with reports that the    suspect had ties to   and   groups and may have suffered from mental illness. The victim, Jo Cox, had been urging Britons to vote to stay in the European Union, and had been receiving threats ahead of next week’s “Brexit” vote. _____ 3. The Senate’s most moderate Republican, Susan Collins of Maine, drafted a compromise   measure that aims to sidestep partisan stalemates. It would ban gun sales to a smaller portion of people who are on the terrorism watch list than the Democrats’ current proposal but more than the existing Republican plan. _____ 4. This is the most uplifting story we’ve read in awhile. A construction worker happened to get in a New York taxi driven by an old colleague  —   and found out that the city had been trying to find him for years, to award him $50, 000 he was cheated out of by a former employer. And he, in turn, tracked down three other affected men  —   all immigrants  —   who got the same awards. “You never know the things that may be going on inside cabs rolling through the Bronx,” our columnist wrote. _____ 5. George W. Bush has quietly returned to politicking. The former president is helping a handful of Republican senators with   campaigns that have been complicated by the rise of Donald Trump. Mr. Trump is heading to rallies in Arizona this weekend, but a planned meeting with Navajo Indians has been thrown into question over his use of the term “Pocahontas” to deride Senator Elizabeth Warren. _____ 6. The N. B. A fined Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors’ coach $25, 000 each for outbursts over officiating in Game 6 of the playoffs on Thursday night. Curry threw his mouthguard into the stands, hitting a fan, after fouling out for the first time in his professional career. His coach, Steve Kerr, called three of the six fouls “absolutely ridiculous. ” Curry’s wife even accused the N. B. A. of rigging the game to ensure a Game 7 with the Cleveland Cavaliers. (Sunday, 8 p. m. ABC) _____ 7. Good news for sustainable air travel: NASA unveiled plans for an experimental   airplane that a top official said would “take the first giant step in opening a new era of aviation. ” The space agency aims to get an early version of the   a craft resembling a Cessna with strangely skinny wings, off the ground in a year. _____ 8. A rift over Syria policy widened between the State Department and the White House. Dozens of diplomats signed an internal memo pushing for a far more aggressive strategy, including strikes to stop the government of President Bashar   from continuing to violate a  . What does the country look like now? Devastation is widespread, but bits of almost normal life remain, according to our correspondent. Check out a startling visual journey of his recent visit. _____ 9. In neighboring Iraq, government forces made decisive gains against the Islamic State, retaking the center of Falluja after weeks of fighting. Thousands of civilians took the opportunity to flee the city, overwhelming aid agencies. “Falluja has come back to the country’s bosom,” the prime minister said. _____ 10. President Obama met privately with Saudi Arabia’s defense minister, above. Officials said they spoke of Saudi economic reforms and the fight against the Islamic State. The meeting came as the Saudis are under new scrutiny for a possible government role in the Sept. 11 attacks. Another Saudi official gave a news conference in Washington to dismiss such accusations. “There is no there there,” he said. _____ 11. Finally, a big, big piece of art is in place. “The Floating Piers,” Christo’s latest   installation, is undulating on the surface of an Italian lake for the next few weeks, inviting as many as 40, 000 visitors a day to, effectively, walk on water. “It’s actually very painterly, like an abstract painting,” he said, “but it will change all the time. ” Have a great weekend. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
9266,"Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 - The New York Times","Tony Rosato, who was a cast member of the sketch shows “Saturday Night Live” and “SCTV” in the 1980s, but whose career ground to a halt when mental illness led to his incarceration in the 2000s, died on Tuesday at his home in Toronto. He was 62. His death was confirmed by his agent Ryan Goldhar, who said the cause had not been confirmed but appeared to be a heart attack. Mr. Rosato, an energetic actor and madcap impressionist, got his start with the Toronto company of the Second City improvisational troupe. In 1977 he became a performer and writer for “SCTV” (originally titled “Second City Television”) whose cast over the years would also feature Martin Short, John Candy, Catherine O’Hara and Rick Moranis. Mr. Rosato’s signature “SCTV” character was Marcello, a clumsy and frequently soused   host. In 1981, Mr. Rosato and his “SCTV” colleague Robin Duke moved to “Saturday Night Live,” joining a cast headed by Eddie Murphy and Joe Piscopo. He did not make much of an impression and left “S. N. L. ” after only one season. He later played recurring roles on the Canadian police drama “Night Heat” and did   work on cartoon shows. He worked steadily until the  . But then he began to unravel. In 2005 Mr. Rosato’s wife, Leah, left him and took their young daughter, citing his increasingly erratic behavior. He contacted the police that spring, claiming that his daughter had been abused and, later, that his family had been replaced by  . On May 5 he went to a police station to file a missing persons report about his family and was arrested and charged with criminal harassment. Mr. Rosato, who refused to acknowledge his mental illness, did not plead guilty and spent the next two years in a   facility awaiting trial. News media reports attributed the gap between Mr. Rosato’s arrest and trial to a combination of his intractability and the punitive approach of the Canadian authorities. “Tony Rosato will have spent more time in custody on a harassment charge than any other convicted prisoner in Canada has ever spent on the same charges,” his lawyer, Daniel Brodsky, told The Toronto Star before his trial finally began in 2007. A judge found Mr. Rosato guilty of criminal harassment that September. He was remanded to a psychiatric hospital, where he was found to have Capgras syndrome, a rare mental illness characterized by the delusion that loved ones have been replaced by impostors. At the hospital, he was required for the first time to take antipsychotic medication, and his delusions eventually abated. Mr. Rosato was released in 2009 and soon returned to work. He told The Toronto Star that he was thrilled to be free but that recovering from his ordeal would take time. “Four years being inside is very hard on the spirit,” he said. Antonio Rosato was born on Dec. 26, 1954, in Naples, Italy. He moved to Canada with his family when he was a boy and became a naturalized citizen in 1966. After graduating from Oakwood Collegiate Institute in Toronto, he began studying chiropractic medicine at the University of Toronto but dropped out to become a performer. Mr. Rosato’s marriage ended in divorce. He is survived by his daughter, Giulietta Rosato.",0
9267,Rio Olympics: Simone Manuel Makes History in the Pool - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Simone Manuel managed to make history and break a record, all in less than a minute. Manuel became the first   woman to win an individual event in Olympic swimming on Thursday night. She and Penny Oleksiak of Canada tied for the fastest time, an Olympic record in the women’s   freestyle: 52. 70 seconds. “I definitely think it raises some awareness and will get them inspired,” Manuel, 20, said about the significance of her accomplishment. “I mean, the gold medal wasn’t just for me. It was for people that came before me and inspired me to stay in the sport. For people who believe that they can’t do it, I hope I’m an inspiration to others to get out there and try swimming. You might be pretty good at it. ” Manuel is sharing a room with another   American swimmer, Katie Ledecky, in the athletes’ village here. She and Oleksiak shaved 0. 01 seconds off the Olympic standard of 52. 71, set earlier in the Rio Games meet by Australia’s Cate Campbell. Sweden’s Sarah Sjostrom won the bronze in 52. 99. The last time an American won gold in the event was 1984, when Nancy Hogshead and Carrie Steinseifer also tied and shared the gold medal with a time of 55. 92 seconds. Several black swimmers have won Olympic medals for the United States. The first black woman to make an American Olympic team was Maritza Correia, a member of the   freestyle relay team that won silver at the 2004 Athens Games. (Her parents were from Guyana she was born and raised in Puerto Rico.) Lia Neal, a Brooklyn native, won a bronze in a relay at the 2012 London Games and a silver in a relay here at the Rio Games. Anthony Ervin and Cullen Jones, who are black, have won Olympic gold medals. Both Manuel and Oleksiak had to come from behind to take the victory on Thursday night. Manuel was third at the halfway mark, while Oleksiak was seventh at the turn. At the finish, Manuel looked at the scoreboard and seemed surprised and thrilled, covering her mouth with her hand. “I was pretty shocked,” said Manuel, who is from Sugar Land, Tex. and attends Stanford. “My goal coming in was to get on the medal stand after seeing how I swam in prelims and semifinals. But getting a gold medal in my first Olympics, I still can’t describe it but I’m really excited about it. ” In case anybody had doubts, Simone Biles made it official: she’s the best gymnast in the world. The American dominated the women’s   competition on her way to a gold medal Thursday. In doing so, she joined Mary Lou Retton, Carly Patterson, Nastia Liukin and Gabby Douglas as American   winners. Aly Raisman (U. S.) won the silver, and Aliya Mustafina (Russia) won bronze. Read about Biles’s gold medal performance here. See the moves she pulled off here. Here’s why Simone Biles is the unbeatable gymnast. Michael Phelps won the 200 individual medley easily, beating not only teammate Ryan Lochte, but an ancient Greek. Leonidas of Rhodes won 12 individual events over four Olympics. At 36, five years older than Phelps, he won his last three golds in 152 B. C. in races of about 200 and 400 meters and in a   race. It wasn’t easy, but Phelps surpassed Leonidas, winning his 13th individual gold (and 22nd gold overall and 26th medal). With the victory, Phelps also joined the track and field Olympians Al Oerter and Carl Lewis as the only Americans to win an individual event four times. Phelps was timed in 1 minute 54. 66. He won by over a bodylength, and the time was his   ever behind a 1:54. 23 from Beijing. He held up four fingers afterward to indicate his four consecutive victories in the event. Japan’s Kosuke Hagino took the silver. Lochte finished fifth. Read about Phelps’s big victory here. Watch Michael Phelps versus Michael Phelps through the years. In the final judo match of her career, Kayla Harrison won her second straight gold medal, then pondered her future at age 26. With just seconds to go in the gold medal match, Harrison caught Audrey Tcheumeo of France in an armlock to gain the submission. “She dropped to the mat, I saw the arm, I saw the opening and I took it,” Harrison said. Harrison had ripped through her earlier opponents: Zhang Zhehui of China in 42 seconds, Abigel Joo of Hungary in 1:45, and Anamari Velensek in 1:43 on the way to the final. Every match was won by ippon, the highest score a fighter can achieve. Harrison’s gold medal in 2012 was the first ever for the United States in judo. Her gold on Thursday is the second. Harrison said she would retire from judo. “My job is to grow the sport and show my passion for it. ” Asked if she would follow in the footsteps of the most famous former judo player, the Olympic bronze medalist Ronda Rousey, now a mixed martial arts fighter, Harrison demurred: “It’s such a different atmosphere from the Olympic stage. I don’t know if I’m cut out for a world where you get fights by how pretty you are and how you talk. ” But, she acknowledged, “Who doesn’t want to be rich and famous? It is tempting. ”  —   VICTOR MATHER Fiji wins its first gold: It started in 1956, when five athletes, two sailors, two boxers and a discus thrower traveled to Melbourne for the Olympics. They represented Fiji, the South Pacific nation. None of them won a medal. The result was the same at every subsequent Olympics, including a few forays into the Winter Games. At this year’s soccer competition, Fiji lost its three games,     and  . But there was hope. Rugby, Fiji’s national sport, was being added to the Games for 2016. Fiji has advanced as far as the quarterfinals of the Rugby World Cup against much bigger and wealthier countries. And the version being added, rugby sevens, with its faster play and smaller teams, suited a country like Fiji, with a population of only 900, 000. Fiji had been sevens world champions in 1995 and 2005. On Thursday, the Fiji men’s sevens team finally landed the country its first medal. A gold one. Fiji beat its former colonial ruler, Britain, by   to win the inaugural men’s rugby sevens competition. Back with an ace: Golf returned to the Games on Thursday for the first time since 1904, and it did not take long for the first Olympic    in more than a century. Justin Rose of Britain aced the   fourth hole at the Olympic Golf Course. Marcus Fraser of Australia shot an    63 to win the round. Different sports require different body types, right? Volleyball players are usually long and lean. Weight lifters, not so much. So we asked a bunch of Olympians and Paralympians to strip down to their underwear (or whatever they felt comfortable with) so you could try to guess which sport they compete in. How many can you guess correctly? The playing of the United States’ national anthem at Olympic medal ceremonies is bringing tears to the eyes of American athletes here. Elsewhere, the song is having a very different effect. “It is driving me crazy,” said Jason DeBord, a    living in Ann Arbor, Mich. “I hit the mute button, or I make dinner, or I just sit there and brace myself. ” DeBord has nothing against displays of patriotism, nor is he simply eager to return to the action. What irritates him is the version of “The   Banner” being used at the Olympics. Put bluntly, it has been butchered. Listen to the “other” version of our national anthem.",0
9268,Gabe Newell Hints at His Regrets About the ’Half-Life’ Franchise in Reddit AMA - Breitbart,"Valve President Gabe Newell took to Reddit for an AMA this week, giving us another brief peek into the world of the hugely successful   . [Newell admitted that customer support is where Valve most needs to improve, but made sure to highlight the changes the company has already made to its gaming distribution platform Steam:  Since the last AMA, we’ve introduced refunds on Steam, we’ve grown our Support staff by roughly 5x, and we’ve shipped a new help site and ticketing system that makes it easier to get help. We’ve also greatly reduced response times on most types of support tickets and we think we’ve improved the quality of responses. We definitely don’t think we’re done though. We still need to further improve response times and we are continually working to improve the quality of our responses. We’re also working on adding more support staff in regions around the world to offer better native language support and improve response times in various regions. He’s also not entirely happy with the current state of Steam trading and wants to see it improved. When asked about the disappearance of the   “flash sales” from the marketplace during Steam’s storewide sales throughout the year, he explained that the limited time they were available “made it difficult for many people to participate. ” Steam is apparently erring on the side of caution, so that “users can count on finding the best deals whenever they are able to visit the store during the sale. ” Steam’s library increased by 40% in 2016 alone, but a huge portion of that increase was due to terribly rated shovelware titles like GASP. When asked about the increased pollution of the store by low quality titles, Newell waffled a bit. He considers handling the influx of   content more a question of organizing games so that the “right” titles are recommended to consumers: There’s really not a singular definition of quality, and what we’ve seen is that many different games appeal to different people. So we’re trying to support the variety of games that people are interested in playing. We know we still have more work to do in filtering those games so the right games show up to the right customers. Will the “right” games include uncensored adult content? According to Newell, addressing uncensored content on the platform first requires solving two problems. First are the challenges of “a completely uncurated distribution tool for developers,” but perhaps even more important is a “toolset” by which customers can both “find and filter content,” so that your kid’s front page isn’t flooded with pornographic visual novels. This answer is just vague enough to offer a potential opportunity for the adult game industry. The strength of a trusted platform like Steam could open doors for content that would otherwise never become profitable enough to develop. Whether that would be good or bad for the industry at large remains to be seen, but Valve is apparently already loosening their grip a little, with titles like Ladykiller In A Bind launching on the platform uncut. On the future of Valve in the gaming industry, Newell had a lot to say. The company is focused on the promise of new technologies, rather than staying safely within the confines of their previous work: The big thing right now is broadening the range of options we have in creating experiences. We think investing in hardware will give us those options. The knuckles controller is being designed at the same time as we’re designing our own VR games. Much more narrowly, some of us are thinking about some of the AI work that is being hyped right now. Simplistically we have lots of data and compute capability that looks like the kinds of areas where machine learning should work well. Personally I’m looking at research in   interfaces. But while Newell ponders jacking a Steam account directly into your brain, that doesn’t mean we’ll know about it before it’s ready. Many of the questions tried  —   and summarily failed  —   to extract information about the future of franchises like Left 4 Dead and  . When a user specifically questioned the company’s   approach to development, Newell gave as clear an answer as he ever has about the way Valve as a whole likes to function. He claims that the way Valve makes decisions is “way more conditional than most other companies,” and that they are determined not to waste customers’ time and money in the process. Because of that, they’re much more likely to “cancel or change stuff much later in development. ” He thinks that “tracking [Valve’s] choices would be annoying and frustrating. ” Interestingly, Newell stated that he had many regrets about the   franchise when asked about the games: “The issue with   for me is that I was involved in a much higher percentage of the decisions about the games, so it’s hard for me to look at them as anything other than a series of things I regret. ” If you are involved in a game, everything ends up being a set of  . Anything in a game is a sacrifice of things not in the game. I just feel those more personally about   for a bunch of reasons. There were a variety of other questions answered. Among them: Steam will consider an option to toggle off the tray notifications. Newell confirmed the J. J. Abrams movies based in the    universe are still coming. He’d like to see harsher punishments for Steam scammers. He enjoyed a visit to Amsterdam. The Valve snack bar has gotten healthier. And he’s going to sign a copy of the   Lord GabeN art, for the original artist. For the full text, check out the Reddit AMA. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
9269,Here She Is: The Ugliest Dog in the World (2016) - The New York Times,"In the World’s Ugliest Dog Contest, where there were more beasts than beauties, it was hard to beat a wrinkled,   bony Chinese crested Chihuahua named Sweepee Rambo. The dog  —   17 years old, blind in both eyes and, at four pounds, not much bigger than two hands put together  —   was a crowd favorite at the contest, which was held on Friday night at the   Fair in Petaluma, Calif. The audience went wild for the   dog, with some people carrying signs that read, “Sweepee for President,” said the fair’s marketing director, Karen Spencer. Ms. Spencer identified the owner as Jason Wurtz of Encino, Calif. He was swarmed by reporters  —   some from as far away as France and Germany  —   on Friday night and was not immediately available to comment, she said. In his contest entry, he expressed appreciation for Sweepee’s “  freckled skin and legendary blond Mohawk. ” Sweepee, described as a “ride or die chick,” enjoys riding with her owner on his Honda motorcycle, the entry said. The winner last year was Quasi Modo, who had short spine syndrome, a birth defect. To look at anything, Quasi had to move her entire body because she could not move her head, the dog’s owner, Virginia Sayre, told The Guardian. Of the 16 dogs in this year’s contest  —   some with names like Icky, Rue, Roast Beef and Rascal Deux  —   more than half featured bad hair. One in particular, Himisaboo, was drawing attention for a head of hair that had a striking resemblance to Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. The contest, which has been hosted by the fair for 28 years, is run similar to a beauty pageant, Ms. Spencer said. Contestants walk a red carpet, they are introduced to the audience and they are paraded onstage. Three judges awarded points based on the dogs’ personalities, appearances and how the audience reacted. Like all good contests, this one has strict rules. Among them: “animal must not have been intentionally altered to enhance appearance for the purpose of this contest. ” Sweepee’s owner won $1, 500 and a   trophy that is as unattractive as the dog it honored.",0
9270,Illegal Immigrant Caught at Border with Child Porn of 4-Year-Olds on Phone,"McALLEN, Texas  —   A Salvadoran national has been formally charged in connection with more than 20 child porn videos that have victims as young as   . The videos were found in the man’s cell phone when he was arrested by U. S. Border Patrol while illegally entering the country. [This week, a federal grand jury handed down a criminal indictment formally charging Keneth Jafet Calix Pacheco with one count of possession of child pornography. The Salvadoran illegal immigrant is expected to go before U. S. District Judge Ricardo Hinojosa next week for a formal hearing. Calix Pacheco remains in federal custody without bond.   The charges against Calix Pacheco stem from his initial arrest on January 6 near the border city of Weslaco, Texas. Agents with U. S. Border Patrol arrested Calix Pacheco as he tried to cross the Rio Grande and while they were conducting the routine processing they discovered 20 videos that appeared to show child pornography, court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed.  Agents with Homeland Security Investigations were called to assist in the case and interviewed Calix Pacheco. During the review, the man said his phone had personal content that he did not wish for anyone to see. Upon further questioning, Calix Pacheco told agents that he had pornography videos depicting children who are about four years of age. Authorities were able to retrieve the videos form the phone and arrested the man on the new charges. Child Porn on Immigrant’s Phone by ildefonso ortiz on Scribd,  Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
9271,“Dilbert” Creator Endorses Donald Trump For Simple Reason- “Democrats Are BULLIES!”,"When the creator of ‘Dilbert’, Scott Adams, sat down to decide who he would endorse for President, it didn’t take him very long. His method of deciphering right from wrong was pretty simple… he looked for the truth. 
The question he asked himself was: “What common traits bind Clinton supporters together?” 
You’re going to fully support the answer he came up with… 
Check this out! 
“I’ve been trying to figure out what common trait binds Clinton supporters together. As far as I can tell, the most unifying characteristic is a willingness to bully in all its forms. Have a Trump sign in your lawn? They will steal it. If you have a Trump bumper sticker, they will deface your car. 
If you speak of Trump at work you could get fired. On social media, almost every message I get from a Clinton supporter is a bullying type of message…We know from Project Veritas that Clinton supporters tried to incite violence at Trump rallies. The media downplays it. We also know Clinton’s side hired paid trolls to bully online. You don’t hear much about that…” 
See what happens for people that actually “think” things through? They come up with logical answers and start off on whatever endeavor they are facing on the right foot! 
He’s absolutely right! Clinton followers tend to yell and judge everyone else for “sins” that they themselves are living in as they are pointing the finger at others! All things racist, sexist, bigoted, and telling us all we are these things because we lack tolerance, when in fact, that isn’t the case at all…is BULLYING! 
Which is rather IRONIC don’t you think? Because they also go on and on about how they are against bullying and we all need to be tolerant. Yet are constantly inciting violence, and condoning intimidation towards ALL who do not agree with them. 
Here’s the endorsement, and it’s glorious. 
“I endorse Donald Trump for President of the United States because I oppose bullying in all its forms. I don’t defend Trump’s personal life. Neither Trump nor Clinton are role models for our children. Let’s call that a tie, at worst. Today I put Trump’s odds of winning in a landslide back to 98%. Remember, I told you a few weeks ago that Trump couldn’t win unless ‘something changed.’ Something just changed.” 
That’s right. Trump is no angel, but Hillary is Satan. Trump loves America and for now, in the state we are in, that’s going to do a WHOLE lot of good. Some feel this election is about picking your poison, which is the least potent. I believe, it’s about picking what’s best for America. First step…would be choosing someone who loves this country. After 8 years of being under the reign of someone who hates this country, this should be clear. 
Because this is the alternative… Related Items",0
9272,Gold & The Dollar Moving In Tandem? Fund Manager Explains Important Shift,"Gold & The Dollar Moving In Tandem? Fund Manager Explains Important Shift Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Gold & The Dollar Moving In Tandem? Fund Manager Explains Important Shift 
The manipulated gold and silver correction is OVER… 

From PM Fund Manager Dave Kranzler : 
One interesting occurrence that has not been written about in the precious metals alternative media or blog space yet is that gold has been quietly moving in tandem with the dollar over the past several trading sessions. It has been quite pronounced during the past four trading days, today inclusive. In the previous 15 years, gold’s best periods of return have occurred when gold and the dollar move in tandem higher for a brief period of time, followed by a period of time when the dollar heads south and gold continues higher. 
If you look at graphs of both gold and the dollar side by side, you’ll see that this occurred in late 2005 into early 2006, when gold moved higher until May while the dollar fell and again in late 2008. It’s too early tell if that will happen now, but suffice it to say that both are moving in tandem right now and it’s worth watching to see if it continues. My theory is that there’s flight to safety into gold and the dollar ahead of an adverse economic event. As the event unfolds, the dollar begins to sell off but capital continues to flow into gold as the ultimate wealth preservation asset. 
The above analysis is an excerpt from the latest issue of IRD’s Mining Stock Journal which was released last night. Earlier today, Bill “Midas” Murphy poked his head out of the New Orleans Investment Conference and asked me why the metals were acting “so goofy” this morning, to which I replied: 
Interestingly, gold and the dollar have been moving in tandem the past several days. Not perfect correlation but I bet its 80-85%. I discussed this in the latest issue of my Mining Stock Journal . Over the last 15 years, gold has had some of its best performance periods when it moved in tandem with the dollar for a bit then took off higher while the dollar sold off. It’s been moving in tandem with the dollar today as well. 
The manipulated correction is over. India and China are buying a LOT of gold right now. Two days ago nearly 100 tonnes were delivered onto the SGE. I don’t think the cartel can take gold lower and I think right now they are merely trying to keep the “beachball” from popping above the surface of the water. Every time gold pops up, they hit it, but gold bounces back like one of those punching clowns. 
At some point they are going to have to go back into “managed retreat.” Maybe once the election is over. 
You’ll note that there’s now been a complete reversal in the precious metals sector, with gold, silver and the HUI running higher and the SPX/Dow headed south. This entry was posted in Gold News , Silver News and tagged Dave Kranzler , gold manipulations , gold update , silver manipulation , silver update . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
9273,Hillary Is The Perfection of a Corrupt System,"Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith – Let’s set aside Hillary Clinton as an individual and consider her as the perfection of a corrupt political system. As I noted yesterday, Politics As Usual Is Dead , and Hillary Clinton is the ultimate product of the political system that is disintegrating before our eyes. The corruption of pay-to-play and the commingling of public and private influence is not the failing of an individual–it is the logical conclusion of a thoroughly corrupt political system. Given the incentives built into politics as usual, public/private pay-to-play doesn’t just make sense–it is the only possible maximization of the political system. Cobble together a multi-million dollar private foundation, millions of dollars in speaking fees from big-money contributors, conflicts of interest, the secrecy of private email servers, pay-to-play schemes and corrupted loyalists planted in the Department of Justice, and the inevitable result is a politics as usual money-harvesting machine that lays waste to the nation, supporters and critics alike. All the Clintons did is assemble the parts more effectively than anyone else.Now that the machine has scooped up hundreds of millions of dollars in “contributions” and other loot, vested interests and corrupted loyalists within the federal government will do anything to protect the machine and its vast flow of funds. The nation’s political system needs a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. Exposing the Clintons’ perfection of politics as usual won’t change the conditions and incentives that created the Clintons’ harvester of corruption. That will require rooting out the incentives that made the Clintons’ perfection of corruption both logical and inevitable. SF Source Of Two Minds Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
9274,Former President George W. Bush Levels Tacit Criticism at Trump - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Former President George W. Bush implicitly criticized President Trump on Monday, taking issue with his approach to immigration and the news media, and suggested that any ties between the new president’s team and Russia should be investigated. In a television interview to promote a new book of his paintings, Mr. Bush indicated that important questions were raised by reported contacts between Russian officials and Mr. Trump’s associates during last year’s election campaign. Mr. Trump forced out his national security adviser for withholding information about a call with Russia’s ambassador. “I think we all need answers,” Mr. Bush said on the “Today” show on NBC. He said he would defer to Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina and chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, about how such an investigation should be conducted. He is a “really good guy, and an independent thinker,” Mr. Bush said of Mr. Burr, “and if he were to recommend a special prosecutor, then it would have a lot more credibility with me. ” Like other members of his family, Mr. Bush did not support Mr. Trump during last year’s campaign against Hillary Clinton, although in public he largely kept his views to himself. Mr. Bush congratulated Mr. Trump after his victory and attended the inauguration last month, but the interview on Monday made clear that the most recent Republican president still had serious disagreements with his party’s incumbent commander in chief. Although he did not mention Mr. Trump by name, Mr. Bush expressed disapproval of the president’s assertion that “fake news media” organizations are the “enemy of the American people. ” “I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy,” Mr. Bush told Matt Lauer, the “Today” host. “We need the media to hold people like me to account. I mean, power can be very addictive and it can be corrosive and it’s important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power, whether it be here or elsewhere. ” He seemed to suggest that language like Mr. Trump’s made it more difficult to press authoritarian leaders like President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to tolerate a free press. “It’s kind of hard to, you know, tell others to have an independent free press when we’re not willing to have one ourselves,” he said. Mr. Bush also urged tolerance when asked about Mr. Trump’s efforts to temporarily ban travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries. As president, Mr. Bush made a point of visiting a mosque after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and regularly insisted that the United States was not at war with Islam. “It’s very important for all of us to recognize one of our great strengths is for people to worship the way they want to or not worship at all,” Mr. Bush said. “I mean the bedrock of our freedom  —   a bedrock of our freedom is the right to worship freely. ” Asked if he supported a ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, the former president said, “I am for an immigration policy that’s welcoming and upholds the law. ” But Mr. Bush, who has emphasized the importance of not criticizing a successor, tried to avoid seeming too critical of Mr. Trump. “Well, first of all, there’s only been one month in office,” he said. “Secondly, I think you have to take the man for his word that he wants to unify the country, and we’ll see whether he’s able to do so. ” Mr. Bush agreed to give interviews to publicize his book, “Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief’s Tribute to America’s Warriors,” published by Crown Publishing. The book, his third since leaving office, is a collection of 66 portraits of military veterans he has gotten to know personally. It also includes a   mural he painted of several active and former members of the military. The paintings will be displayed at his presidential center in Dallas from March to October. Mr. Bush picked up painting after leaving office when the historian John Lewis Gaddis mentioned that it was a hobby of Winston Churchill’s. The former president’s initial efforts focused on his pets as subjects. Then he painted a series of portraits of world leaders he met while in office, including Mr. Putin, and displayed them at his center. Mr. Bush, who as commander in chief ordered American forces into Afghanistan and Iraq, hosts regular bicycle rides and golf tournaments with wounded veterans and decided to make them his next focus. He started painting them in September 2015. Some of the portraits in the book show veterans with prosthetic limbs. A few depict amputees playing golf. “I painted these men and women as a way to honor their service to the country and to show my respect for their sacrifice and courage,” he wrote in the book. “I hope to draw attention to the challenges some face when they come home and transition to civilian life  —   and the need for our country to better address them. ”",0
9275,"Silly Republicans, FBI didn’t ‘REOPEN’ Hillary investigation, since it never officially closed","Print 
[Ed. – Suddenly, Newsweek cares that the Hillary case might be politicized? When Comey and the media have been politicizing it all along, by giving Hillary special treatment that no one else on earth would have gotten in the same circumstances?] 
Why did FBI Director James Comey shock Washington on Friday with an announcement that the FBI “has learned of the existence of emails” related to Hillary Clinton’s private email server, and what does it mean? 
The truth is Comey didn’t have a choice. Because the new information followed his sworn testimony about the case, Comey was obligated by Department of Justice rules to keep the relevant committees apprised. 
Under oath Comey had stated that the bureau had completed its review. Once he learned that there were new emails that required examination, Comey had to notify Congress that he had to amend his testimony because it was no longer true. … 
Had Comey not told Congress and it emerged after the election that new materials had come into its possession, the director and his entire agency’s credibility might have been questioned. 
In his letter, Comey did not use the phrase being touted by Republicans that the case had been reopened. Technically it was never closed.",0
9276,Another Saudi War Crime in Yemen as 43 Prisoners Dead in Airstrike,"Another Saudi War Crime in Yemen as 43 Prisoners Dead in Airstrike Posted on Oct 31, 2016 
By Juan Cole / Informed Comment 
Saudi airstrikes targeting a judiciary building in al-Hudayda, a port on the western coast of Yemen under Houthi control, have killed some 43 people and wounded dozens of others, most of them prisoners. 
The strike on the judiciary building, which had a prison attached, could have been predicted to kill civilians. It is therefore a war crime in international law. It isn’t that hard, Riyadh. If you think taking the shot will possibly kill non-combatants, especially a lot of non-combatants, you can’t take it. 
Prisoners are especially vulnerable since they are restrained. 
Whoever ordered that airstrike should be hauled before the International Criminal Court in the Hague. 
h/t wikipedia 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
In the past, the US military has warned the Saudis against hitting civilian infrastructure (including the port of al-Hudayda and a key bridge at that city) and Riyadh has blown Washington off and hit them anyway. Which makes me want to ask why the US hasn’t completely dissociated itself from this bloodbath. 
In mid-September, jets of the Saudis and their allies killed 25 people in their private residences when they struck the residential al-Hunoud district (they were trying to hit a governmental building in the hands of the Houthis). 
On October 8, the Saudis struck a civilian funeral from the air . The US said it was reviewing its involvement then, but nothing changed. 
The Houthis have also committed war crimes, sending rockets on civilian neighborhoods in Najran, e.g., but in the nature of the case a small guerrilla group can’t wreak the kind of havoc that an America-equipped state of the art air force can. 
The Saudi war on the Houthis of north Yemen has been going on for 18 months and for the past 14 months the Saudis and their allies have had exactly zero success. This is because you can’t win a guerrilla war from the air, and there aren’t enough Yemeni troops willing to fight for deposed president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to take even major Sunni cities from the Zaydi Houthis. 
The Houthis bear a lot of the blame for the conflict, since they interrupted Yemen’s constitutional process and made a coup, hand in glove with deposed president Ali Abdallah Saleh, in January of 2015. They then tried to take over the whole country, which wasn’t plausible. 
The Houthis are a religious extremist movement hailing from the Shiite Zaydi branch of Islam. Part of what started their rebellion was Saudi proselytizing in Yemen for the anti-Shiite Wahhabi branch of Islam. 
About a third of the 22 million Yemenis are Zaydis, mainly in the northwest of the country. It was never very likely these 7 million could rule the 15 million Sunnis, or Sunni cities like Aden, and they were fairly swiftly kicked back out of it by the Arab coalition, in summer of 2015. (In fact, most of the 7 million Zaydis aren’t pro-Houthi, so their ambition is even more overweening than this demographic suggests). 
The Houthis are braggarts who say they will overthrow the Saudi government. They have imprisoned many human rights workers. The Saudis accuse them of being Iranian puppets but that frankly is silly. They are an indigenous Yemeni movement and they got most of their weapons by raiding Yemeni army depots for American arms. Iran has probably given them a little help, but configuring what is going on as Saudi v. Iran in Yemen is ridiculous. 
Apparently the population in Sanaa, the capital, has swung behind the Houthis on nationalist grounds, and they’ve held big demonstrations against Saudi Arabia (Saudi bombed the demonstration). 
The Saudi-led war on Yemen has produced enormous hunger and displacement, which is likely only to get worse. 
The reason the Saudis keep committing these war crimes is that their tactics are unsuited to the struggle the want to wage. And if they go on like this, they will come to regret it. TAGS:",0
9277,David Letterman Loving Retirement: ’I’ve Cut My Shaving Time to Zero’,"Former Late Show host David Letterman says he has been enjoying “doing nothing” since leaving the   CBS show, and laughs off people who say his enormous beard makes him look like a “vagrant. ”[“People make fun of this beard  —   they think I look like a vagrant. I’ll tell you something, I have cut my shaving time to zero,” the former Late Night show host told TMZ in an impromptu interview in New York City.  Of his Late Show successor Stephen Colbert  —   whose ratings have soared in recent months as his show has taken an increasingly hostile tone toward President Donald Trump  —   Letterman said “he’s a gifted young entertainer. ” Letterman added that “it would kill” him to have to host his old show. “Everyday, day after day after day, no. I couldn’t keep up,” he said. While Letterman may be enjoying retirement, he hasn’t let his absence from late night stop him from bashing President Donald Trump. The former CBS star’s last show aired two months before Trump announced his presidential bid. Letterman told New York magazine last month that the president is “insulting to America. ” “How do you know if Donald Trump is lying? His lips are moving. Thank you!” Letterman said. “But in addition to every other thing that’s wrong with the Trump, he’s ignorant in a way that’s insulting to the office, insulting to America, insulting to human rights, insulting to civil rights, insulting to John Lewis. Trump saying that broke my heart. ”   This article was updated to reflect that Late Show airs on CBS.  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
9278,From False Alarm to Panic: Inside Kennedy Airport’s Chaotic Night - The New York Times,"Jennifer Rosen was scheduled to depart Kennedy International Airport on an 8:55 p. m. flight to San Francisco but instead found herself stuck at Gate C62 in Terminal 2. It was the typical misery of summer airline travel  —   or so it seemed. A short distance way away, in another terminal, something more unpredictable than the weather had begun to sweep across the New York airport: Panic. It spread quickly and without warning. By the time Sunday night was over, Ms. Rosen, 32, had sprawled out under a table seeking cover, followed a crowd of people who bolted through a secure door onto the tarmac, frantically called her sister to find out what was happening and tell her that she was alive, and, finally, made a mad dash from the terminal to join mobs of travelers who thought they might be living through an episode of terror. In the end, it proved to be a false alarm. While the authorities were still trying to piece together exactly how a report of gunfire at 9:34 p. m. outside the security checkpoint at Terminal 8 led to complete turmoil across one of the nation’s busiest airports, the accounts of passengers in interviews and on social media offered a lesson in the anatomy of fear. It was a night of confusion and dread, informed by the latest headlines  —   including reports of recent attacks on airports in Brussels and Istanbul  —   as much as fact. In the absence of official information or instructions, unconfirmed reports from social media fueled the hysteria. Officials said there was no evidence that what took place at Kennedy Airport was the result of a hoax. It was, rather, a sign of the times. “Right now, what is being concentrated on is the investigation into what the catalyst of the incident is,” said Joe Pentangelo, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the airport. Joe Haviland was at Terminal 8 seeing off his family when the first wave of panic hit. People nearby had been gathered watching the Olympics, as Usain Bolt of Jamaica made his bid for a third gold medal in the   dash. “We heard a big celebration,” Mr. Haviland told Fox News shortly after being evacuated. He described hearing something like a loud pop, followed by the sight of a herd of people running his direction. “When you see 80 people come running around the corner,” he said, “and they break a door to get out, you think ‘Oh my God, what is happening? ’” He said he saw “people working for the airline taking off their shirts,” and saying, “This is not worth it, I am leaving. ” Within minutes, he said, police officers with their guns drawn were shouting, “Show me your hands!” The bomb squad soon arrived, and the area was evacuated. But inside Terminal 8, by the departure gates, many passengers had no idea anything was wrong. Judy Rothman Rofé, who had been visiting her son in Brooklyn and was waiting for an American Airlines flight back to Los Angeles, was waiting by Gate 33. Around 10 p. m. a passenger nearby was checking the internet and told her it seemed their flight was not delayed because of the weather. “There is a shooter at large,” she was told. Still, she said, as the news filtered out, people around her were relatively calm. “It was business as usual in our section of the terminal,” she said. Until it wasn’t. Shortly after 11, she said, “we heard screaming. ” It was unclear what set off the wave of panic, but suddenly the eerie calm turned to chaos. “Lots of screaming, crying, mass hysteria,” she said. The gate agents, she said, were nowhere to be found passengers threw themselves under counters and huddled under chairs. After several minutes, an announcement came over the public address system, ordering passengers to leave their bags, put their hands above their heads and evacuate. As she left, she said, scores of law enforcement officers, weapons drawn, were heading into the terminal. Around the same time, Terminal 1 was also officially evacuated, sending hundreds of people into the street outside the airport, unsure what was happening. The Port Authority said that those were the only two terminals evacuated, but that the panic spread quickly to the rest of the airport. In Terminal 2, where Ms. Rosen was waiting for her San   Delta Air Lines flight, everything seemed normal nearly an hour after the first calls to 911 about a possible gunman. It was around 10:30 p. m. when someone screamed, “Shots!” “Everyone started screaming and yelling,” Ms. Rosen said. “I dove under this desk space like everyone else. “Then this guy came running over,” she added. He was not an airport employee or an official, but he had an urgent warning. She recalled that he shouted: “They’re coming! Let’s go this way!” Not knowing who “they” might be and not wanting to find out, Ms. Rosen and about a dozen others followed the man through a secure door and onto the tarmac, leaving their belongings behind. “There were no announcements, nothing,” she said. All she could hear was an   alarm. She waited with about 20 others on the hot, humid tarmac. “I called my sister, freaking out,” she said. “I told her I am on the tarmac, people are saying there are gunshots. I think I am safe. If you see news about this, I am O. K. ” The crowd was searching Google and social media when a man  —   she thought he was a pilot  —   finally said they should return. “People were like, ‘I don’t want to go back inside,’” she said. Still, when the man opened the door, they found things just as chaotic as when they left. A flood of people were running in a single direction, she said. Out of the terminal. Once again she followed the crowd. There were “just mobs of people,” she said. She spotted a man in a Transportation Security Administration shirt and asked him what was happening. “You probably have a better idea than I do” was his response, she said. Finally, a little after midnight early on Monday, employees were allowed back inside the airport. Passengers were permitted to collect their belongings. It would take time for operations to fully resume. And thousands of passengers still needed to figure out what to do next. There were no trains running. The Van Wyck Expressway leading to the airport was closed. Cabs were just starting to trickle back. Eventually, Ms. Rosen climbed in a cab with several others and made her way to her twin sister’s apartment in the city. As she prepared to set off for the airport again on Monday morning, she was a bit more leery about the procedures that might be in place in the event of an actual emergency. “I understand situations like this are inherently chaotic, but the lack of communication and guidance just compounded an already tumultuous and traumatic experience,” she said. “At least in our terminal, they should have had enough time to get a coordinated plan together. But they didn’t, and that caused a lot of unnecessary panic and heartache. ”",0
9279,Comment on How A Disgraced Congressman Sexting a Child Led to the FBI Reopening Investigation into Clinton by GaryL,"  Government Corruption / How A Disgraced Congressman Sexting a Child Led to the FBI Reopening Investigation into Clinton How A Disgraced Congressman Sexting a Child Led to the FBI Reopening Investigation into Clinton Jack Burns October 29, 2016 2 Comments 
In case you’ve been locked in a port-a-potty for the last 24 hours, the once closed criminal investigation against Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information, on an unauthorized non-government private server, has been reopened. And now that the nation is within 10 days of electing or rejecting her as the next president of the United States, the announcement has proven to be a true October surprise. 
Perhaps millions of Americans were holding their breath as FBI Director James Comey, on July 5th, 2016 , made the following statement to the American people. “From the group of 30,000 e-mails returned to the State Department, 110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined … to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification. Separate from those, about 2,000 additional e-mails were “up-classified” to make them Confidential; the information in those had not been classified at the time the e-mails were sent.” 
The admission that former Secretary of State Clinton had, indeed, sent and received classified information on her now infamous server was contrary to her repeated claims she’d done no such thing. Nonetheless, Comey chose not to recommend an indictment be issued for her arrest, leaving many scratching their heads in disbelief. 
Even Comey’s former boss, former mayor of NYC Riudi Giuliani said Comey got it wrong. And Trey Gowdy (R-SC), chair of the Select Committee on Benghazi, hauled Comey’s behind back in front of Congress to explain why Comey insisted because Clinton didn’t intend to commit a crime, she shouldn’t be prosecuted. Over and over again, Comey has had to explain his decision not to indict the then Democratic nominee for president. And Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) stated in September Comey had created a double standard by doling out immunity deals to several of Clinton’s staffers, amid ongoing investigations in the Clinton email scandal. 
Now enter the disgraced former House member Anthony Weiner, and Comey’s letter to several members of Congress. The director of the FBI informed various committee members, in no uncertain terms, that he is reopening the Clinton email case as he was made aware of the “existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” 
According to Comey’s letter, the new emails were discovered while the FBI was investigating an, “unrelated case.” So what does Weiner have to do with anything? 
As Fox News reported, “An FBI source … confirmed to Fox News that the new emails were discovered after the bureau seized devices belonging to disgraced ex-Rep. Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide who recently announced she was separating from the former congressman.” That “unrelated case,” as Comey described it to congressional members, supposedly involves Weiner sexting photos of his wanker to a 15-year-old female from North Carolina, as reported by The Atlantic. 
But that’s all we know at this point, which leads to speculation. It’s no secret that Abedin and Weiner are in Splitsville , with Abedin filing for divorce over Weiner’s insatiable sexting habits. But what’s more important to consider is that Weiner now has motivation to tell all that he knows. Let’s face it, his derriere is facing some serious punishment in jail, and he may be willing to cut a deal with federal prosecutors to minimize any potential sentencing. 
There’s no question Weiner had access, over the years, to the kind of pillow talk which could implicate Clinton. Let’s face it! He was sleeping with Clinton’s closest confidante . And what this email scandal case has needed and hasn’t gotten until this point, is someone willing to talk, AKA a “rat”. If Weiner turns out to be the rat investigators are looking for, he may be willing to tell all he knows. And who knows where that will lead? Since Abedin has been working for Clinton since 1996, if anyone has any new incriminating evidence on Clinton, it’s almost certain to be Abedin. And now Abedin’s estranged husband (Weiner) may be spilling the beans, and getting a bit of sweet revenge in the process. Share Google + Phil Freeman 
An investigation is NOT an indictment, which is a grand jury function not an information function of the executive branch. A true bill is required here folks!!! It’s Bravo Sierra politics. GaryL 
“Comey has had to explain his decision not to indict the then Democratic nominee for president.”– Neither Comey nor FBI “indicts.” That decision is made by DOJ Criminal Division. 
“Comey had created a double standard by doling out immunity deals to several of Clinton’s staffers.” Comey nor FBI grants “immunity deals.” Those are “doled out” by DOJ Criminal Division. 
“[H]e may be willing to cut a deal with federal prosecutors to minimize any potential sentencing.” Or, he may receive an “immunity deal,” or he may have an “accident.” 
Obviously, we’ll see what the DOJ Criminal Division decides to do, but if the above is any indication, the answer is probably already clear. Social",0
9280,"Fidel Castro’s Sister, an Outspoken Critic, Takes No Joy in His Death - The New York Times","CORAL GABLES, Fla.  —   Juanita Castro considered her brother Fidel a traitor and had not spoken to him in 52 years, but, even so, she feels that a piece of her is missing now that he is dead. Mr. Castro was reviled by many as a despot who had killed innocents and caused countless Cubans to flee the island, and when he died Friday night, spontaneous parties broke out in the streets of Miami. Ms. Castro expressed disdain for the thousands who danced and rejoiced over her brother’s death. “Logically, that reaction hurts,” Ms. Castro, 83, said Sunday in an interview at her home in a quiet,   neighborhood here in South Florida, where she has lived since 1964. “It’s not necessary to do what the Cuban people have done here in the streets of Miami,” she said. “I respect the sentiment of everybody I cannot accept this. It’s not a good thing. ” “It’s not the first time that they did it, nor is it the first time I have suffered,” she said. “When he fell ill 10 years or so ago, I had my business, and they practically lynched me there, because I said I didn’t rejoice in anyone’s sickness, in anyone’s misfortunes, nor in anyone’s death. That’s not Christian. It’s not humane. ” Ms. Castro said she learned of her brother’s death in a phone call from a friend. She was awake at the time and could not sleep afterward because the phone kept ringing. “I didn’t know where to hide the phone,” she said. She called her sister Enma in Mexico, hoping to get more information, but her sister had few additional details. She heard, but has not been able to confirm, that her brother had a heart attack. Although she has not set foot in Cuba in more than five decades, she was clearly up on the latest intrigue and details. She described the photos of a weakened Fidel she saw from his 90th birthday party in August, which her sister attended. Ms. Castro noted with a tinge of concern how someone had to help him get up. Like many Cubans, Ms. Castro initially supported her brother’s vision of social justice for the island nation. And like hundreds of thousands of Cubans who eventually fled, she grew disillusioned when Mr. Castro declared himself a Communist. Her last few years in Cuba were spent helping other people sneak out of the country and clashing with her brother and members of his inner circle. The two exchanged harsh words as she grew increasingly vocal, particularly when people she cared about found themselves arbitrarily detained. They barely exchanged glances at their mother’s funeral in 1963, and she decided to leave soon after when she was detained by a military official, who berated her at a bowling alley for smoking Chesterfields, an American brand of cigarettes. Her brother’s rhetoric, she had concluded, amounted to cheap slogans. “ ‘Bread with freedom’  —   that expression remained recorded in my mind, because I thought it was going to be that way. I felt as betrayed as the most humble of Cubans,” she said. “He had it all in his hands, without having to turn it all over to any power, and then he goes and turns himself over to the worst of powers, the Russians. ” Ms. Castro initially moved to Mexico and began speaking out at places like the United Nations and other international gatherings, accusing her brother of betraying his country with false promises. She moved to Miami after a few months because she thought it was the best place to position her exile activism. But she never quite fit in among   here who viewed her suspiciously. “They rejected me, because I had the last names Castro Ruz,” she said. “Imagine, as if I had chosen my surnames. ” Her phone continued to ring nonstop on Sunday as she sat in her den and talked, speaking deliberately and stopping occasionally to recall details. She was recovering from foot surgery and wore a medical boot. Fresh white flowers sat on the dining table in the next room. She retired recently after having owned a small pharmacy for more than 30 years, and she has written a memoir about her brothers, “Fidel and Raúl, My Brothers,” which is to be translated into English soon. Ms. Castro grew most animated discussing the recent presidential election, when after speaking calmly for over an hour, she practically spit out insults at   Donald J. Trump. “Repugnant” and “detestable,” she called him, as she ran through a litany of reasons she believes no Cuban should have voted for him. She seemed genuinely angry, particularly when she remembered his comments about grabbing women “by their parts. ” A supporter of President Obama and his policies toward Cuba, she sees parallels in her brother and Mr. Trump. “The only difference is that he may have millions, but the other had a brain,” Ms. Castro said of Mr. Trump and Mr. Castro. Unfortunately, she said her brother had not used his intelligence for the good of Cuba. Still, she said, her brother had no regrets and probably thought until the day he died that he was a great leader, never acknowledging his failures. Ms. Castro struggled to explain her sorrow at the loss of her brother. “This is one of those that I can say that something is missing,” she said. “And the Cuban people will also say that something is missing. ” Ms. Castro said she enjoyed a warm relationship with many of her siblings’ grandchildren, who also live abroad. In 2005, she won a libel suit, filed in Spain, against Fidel Castro’s estranged daughter for calling Ms. Castro’s father a murderer. Each year the family is getting smaller, and she does not attend the funerals. She will skip this one, too, but she laments not having the family she wished she had been able to hold on to  —   the kind whose members are there to console one another when one of them passes. “I live with pain in my heart, but I accept my destiny,” she said. “I forgive everybody, including my brother. ”",0
9281,No time to work out? Try exercising on the job - The New York Times,"This article is part of a series aimed at helping you navigate life’s opportunities and challenges. What else should we write about? Contact us: smarterliving@nytimes. com. Young people frequently say that they want to exercise, but they just can’t find the time. The solution just might be   interval training. That means taking part in short bursts of intense exercise  —   while in the office. Recent studies show that very short but intense exercise rapidly builds and maintains fitness and health, even when the workout is only a few minutes long. You can complete an excellent, effective  —   and very brief  —   workout in an office stairwell, says Martin Gibala, a professor of kinesiology at McMaster University in Canada and an expert on interval training. Stairwell interval training requires only one minute of strenuous exertion, he says. For a study that he and his colleagues presented earlier this year, they asked 12    women in their 20s to warm up for two minutes by slowly walking up and down stairs in a campus office building. Then the women ran up the steps “as fast as safely possible,” Dr. Gibala says, for 20 seconds. They walked down and along a flat corridor for two minutes, ran back up the stairs for another 20 seconds, walked for two minutes, and ran up for a final 20 seconds. They then cooled down with three minutes of stair and corridor walking. The entire session lasted 10 minutes, which would easily fit into a lunch break. (If you do this, you may want to bring and change into workout clothing to avoid sweating in your work clothes and freshen up afterward with a bird bath in an office restroom.) They completed three of these abbreviated stair workouts per week for six weeks. By the end, their aerobic fitness had improved substantially, the researchers reported, by about as much as if they had been running or cycling each week for hours. (Related: What to know about really, really short workouts) To change body shape, you almost certainly need to also perform some type of weight training, exercise scientists agree. As with the stair training, weight work can be done during your workday. Keep a   dumbbell near your desk and perform arm curls while you are on the phone. Stand on the edge of a stair during a midmorning break and let your heels drop, then slowly rise up until you are standing on your tiptoes on the stairs. Repeat that exercise 10 times and you can strengthen and tighten muscles throughout your legs. Parents and teachers may once have urged you to sit still, but wiggling, tapping your toes, standing briefly, and otherwise fidgeting as much as possible at your desk is in fact good for your body. In one recent study, college students showed healthier blood flow in their lower legs if they fidgeted than if they did not. Even better, a 2008 study found that among office workers, those who frequently fidgeted burned as many as 300 calories more each day than those who resolutely stayed still. For a fast,     and interval program, close your office door and cue up the Scientific   Workout. The program targets muscles in the upper body, lower body and core, improves aerobic endurance, and can be completed in less time than most of us spend dithering about how to get to the gym. Want more? You might also like: • The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s • How to start running • 15 ways to be a better person",0
9282,Israel’s Blockade of Gaza Is Inherently Violent,"Share This 
This fall, the U.S. agreed to provide $38 billion in military aid to Israel over the next ten years, ensuring America’s continued role in funding the occupation of Palestine. Meanwhile, my friends and colleagues here in Gaza live in fear of another significant Israeli attack in the near future. 
They have every reason to fear another major escalation – violence is a daily reality in Gaza. In two recent incidents, a rocket was fired from Gaza into Israel without causing damage or injuries, and in both instances Israel responded by bombing targets throughout Gaza. 
In August alone, Israel bombed more than 50 locations in the small territory . 
The simple story told about these events focuses on action and reaction: Palestinians attacked Israel with a rocket and Israel responded. We hear this logic after nearly every event of this sort, but it’s woefully incomplete. 
In both instances, the rockets fired weren’t fired by Hamas, but rather by small radical armed groups at odds with Hamas, which governs Gaza. These groups seek to incite Israeli attacks on Hamas with the goal of destabilizing its control over Gaza, because they see Hamas as too comfortable with the status quo. 
Since seizing power in 2007, Hamas has worked to control and limit violence from the territory. Outside of periods of defined military escalation – which tend to be precipitated by Israeli attacks – they have effectively stopped attacks against Israel from Gaza. 
This explains why, as noted by the Israeli press, there were only 14 rockets fired from Gaza towards Israel between January and August this year. None were fired by Hamas, so Israel’s decision to target Hamas as a response makes no sense. 
Of course, 14 rockets fired from Gaza is 14 too many for those of us committed to ending all violence, and none of this should be taken as an apology for other violence perpetrated by Hamas. 
But, as the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the occupied Palestinian territories reports , there were also 45 Israeli military incursions into Gaza this year, resulting in 7 Palestinian deaths and, on average, injuring five Palestinians in Gaza every week. 
This is the part of the story that isn’t told. 
Gaza also remains under an Israeli-imposed blockade that severely limits travel, trade, and life for Gazans. Despite assurances that restrictions would be lifted in the 2014 Hamas-Israel ceasefire agreement, the blockade remains in effect. 
Israel, with support from the US government, claims this decades-long blockade is in place to pressure the people of Gaza to rise up against Hamas and provide security for Israelis. 
If those are Israel’s raisons d’etre, then it’s a complete failure. It hasn’t stopped violence, it hasn’t weakened Hamas, and it hasn’t brought Israelis or Palestinians security. 
While the blockade hasn’t succeeded in achieving the changes Israel claims to be seeking, its impact on the civilian population of Gaza has been immense. 
Over two years after the end of the last large military operation there, much of Gaza remains in ruins. 
Of the 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza who were displaced during the 2014 Israeli bombardment, over 65,000 remain homeless, as 70 percent of the homes seriously damaged or destroyed haven’t been rebuilt. This is largely because reconstruction materials remain blocked from entering Gaza. 
This important context is too often missing as US pundits and politicians consider the situation in Gaza. 
Given the blockade and regular military incursions imposed by Israel, the firing of less than 2 rockets per month by Palestinians cannot be seen as the core reason for violence. 
If the US is serious about promoting peace between Israelis and Palestinians, preventing future violence in Gaza, and guaranteeing security, then it must recognize the violence inherent in the Israeli occupation and end the blockade. 
The next attack on Gaza, feared by my friends who live there, is an inevitable reality if nothing changes. 
Mike Merryman-Lotze has worked with the American Friends Service Committee as the Palestine-Israel Program Director since 2010. Distributed by OtherWords.org .",0
9283,BUSTED: Eric Trump Admits Daddy ‘Started The Conversation’ About Obama’s Birth Certificate (AUDIO),"BUSTED: Eric Trump Admits Daddy ‘Started The Conversation’ About Obama’s Birth Certificate (AUDIO) By Andrew Bradford on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
Donald Trump has tried to deny that he is the person most responsible for keeping alive claims that President Obama wasn’t born in the United States and is therefore not eligible to serve as President. The GOP nominee has been the chief proponent of what is now known as “birtherism.” And yet when asked about the matter, Trump tries to shift the blame to Hillary Clinton and her campaign staff in the 2008 Democratic race. 
Now, however, we have proof that Trump was indeed the driving force of birtherism, and that proof comes from the mouth of his son, Eric. 
NBC news found audio of Eric Trump talking to biographer Michael D’Antonio, author of The Truth About Trump . In that audio, the Trump son admits: “I think with the birthers it’s, ‘Okay, well, then, just prove it. Meaning these people are going out saying that which a lot of people were at the time. ‘Then just show us. Just be transparent. You’re the leader of the free world, be transparent.’ There are underlying themes to this, and in fact, he has done his best to start the conversation that was unwilling to be had before. Now that conversation might flush itself out in one of several different ways. But at least the conversation is being had.” 
Yes, at least we are trying to question the nationality of the first African-American President in the history of the United States. Nothing nefarious or the least bit racist about that, is there? Bullshit! Donald Trump knew exactly what he was doing when he repeatedly called for President Obama to release his birth certificate, and he did so to garner media attention as he considered running for the GOP nomination years before he finally did. 
Donald Trump is a lying weasel and racist asshat who needs to be defeated soundly on November 8. He and his hateful ideas must be resoundingly rejected by the American people, who deserve better than the division he offers. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect",0
9284,Beyond Coal: Imagining Appalachia’s Future - The New York Times,"PIKEVILLE, Ky.  —   Here in the heart of central Appalachian coal country, an economic experiment is underway inside an airy renovated   bottling plant. Most days, Michael Harrison, a former mine electrician and “buggy man” who once drove trucks 700 feet underground, can be found hunched over a silver laptop, designing websites for clients like the Pikeville tourism board. Mr. Harrison, 36, is one of 10 former mine workers employed at BitSource, an internet   founded by two Pikeville businessmen determined to prove a point: that with training and encouragement, Kentucky miners can learn to code. “We told them, ‘Quit thinking of yourselves as unemployed coal workers you’re technology workers,’” said Rusty Justice, a founder of BitSource. He called his pep talks “reimagination training. ” Nearly 13, 000 coal jobs  —   and countless more in related industries  —   have disappeared in Kentucky since President Obama took office coal employment is at its lowest level since 1898. In Washington, Democrats and Republicans remain locked in a feud over whether Mr. Obama’s aggressive environmental regulations amount to a “war on coal. ” On the presidential campaign trail, Donald J. Trump is vowing to “put our miners back to work. ” But across central Appalachia, and especially here in eastern Kentucky, elected officials, business leaders, environmentalists and community advocates are looking beyond politics to wrestle with a question essential to the region’s survival: What comes after coal? The founders of BitSource are not the only ones thinking creatively there are nascent efforts in craft agriculture and energy efficiency as well. These initiatives will not cure central Appalachia’s economic woes at BitSource, Mr. Harrison was among 1, 000   miners who applied for 10 jobs. Rather, said Lora Smith, who oversees grants in central Appalachia for the Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation, they represent lurching steps into what one local writer called “a terrifying liberation” for a region rich in natural resources whose people have deep ties to the land. It is “terrifying,” Ms. Smith said, “because people are out of work, but it’s also this liberation, to reimagine what this place can be. ” If Pikeville, population 6, 900, offers a glimpse into coal country’s uncertain future, Benham, Ky. with 500 mostly elderly residents, is a window into its past. Benham was built a century ago as a coal mining camp by a subsidiary of International Harvester, which mined the nearby hillsides, extracting coal to make steel. Today, the signs of coal’s decline are everywhere. The old company store is a mining museum. The brick schoolhouse, on a hillside overlooking the historic town, is an inn, said to be haunted. Abandoned houses lay crumbling in the hollows. Yet on a spring afternoon, something unusual  —   construction work  —   was going on. It was part of a project to retrofit old company houses like one owned by Pearl Cope, 83, a retired mine company receptionist whose home is so energy inefficient she pays up to $650 a month for heat during the winter. Carl Shoupe, 69, a retired miner and member of the local power board, organized the project with help from Kentuckians for the Commonwealth, a progressive advocacy group. Mr. Shoupe, a onetime union organizer, is no fan of the coal industry. Badly injured in the mines, he sports a goatee to cover scars on his chin and wears an orthopedic shoe with a   lift to compensate for a mangled left leg. He got into environmental advocacy about a decade ago, after giving up alcohol and finding God. “I got to looking around, when all this mountaintop removal and strip mining and tearing up of our beautiful mountains was going on, and I started praying about it,” he said. To Mr. Shoupe, the retrofitting is a small step on the daunting path toward what environmentalists call a “just transition”  —   economic growth that does not harm people’s health or the land. To Joshua Bates, 21, who spent the afternoon blowing insulation into Mrs. Cope’s basement, it means a job in the region he calls home. “A lot of people have left,” Mr. Bates said sadly. “Eighty percent of my friends are gone. ” The road to Hippo, Ky. snakes through a hollow in Floyd County that runs across Brush Creek, not far from where Todd Howard’s ancestors settled after the Revolutionary War. Mr. Howard, 36, a   Kentuckian, grew up here, dodging coal trucks on his bike and watching miners tromp off to work toting their lunch buckets. When he was 19, he joined his father’s business, helping mining companies navigate the cumbersome permit bureaucracy. But by 2009, with fewer permits being handed out, the company closed. “That sort of catapulted me into this farming thing,” he said. His path into farming began in February 2010, when he persuaded his wife that they should put a greenhouse in their backyard, and planted 42 varieties of heirloom tomatoes.    Kentuckians are increasingly turning to farming “out of necessity,” said Martin Richards, who runs Kentucky’s Community Farm Alliance. His group works with eight farmers’ markets in eastern Kentucky, including one Mr. Howard helped found with another   Kentuckian, Nathan Hall Mr. Richards says twice as many farmers participate as did five years ago. In 2014, Congress allowed certain states, including Kentucky, to begin farming industrial hemp after a ban of 60 years. Mr. Hall, 33, a Yale M. B. A. student who also studies environmental management (and briefly worked as a miner) was already exploring the idea of growing hemp, first cultivated in Kentucky in 1775. Today, with grants from companies like Patagonia, the clothing manufacturer, he and Mr. Howard are growing hemp on six sites in four counties  —   including five acres of reclaimed surface mine  —   and have big dreams to scale up. People here often say there will be no silver bullets, but rather “one thousand silver BBs” to replace lost coal jobs. Mr. Hall offers a variation: “We want to be a part of the silver buckshot,” he said, “that’s going to hopefully transform this region. ” Reimagining central Appalachia will take more than putting unemployed miners back to work. It will also require giving young people a reason to stay. In 2013, Representative Harold Rogers, a Republican who has been eastern Kentucky’s congressman for 35 years, and Steve Beshear, the governor at the time and a Democrat, became founders of SOAR, Shaping Our Appalachian Region, an initiative intended to promote innovation. They were tired of solutions that came from Washington. “We decided that whatever we did would have to be sprung from within,” Mr. Rogers said. SOAR convened its first Innovation Summit here in December 2013, in the middle of a blizzard 1, 700 people showed up. That inspired Mr. Justice of BitSource and his business partner, M. Lynn Parrish, whose engineering and excavation company has lost 70 percent of its customers in the coal downturn. They founded BitSource, with help from a federal grant, in an effort to diversify. About an hour away in Whitesburg, the leaders of Appalshop, an arts organization that grew out of President Lyndon B. Johnson’s War on Poverty, were also rethinking the group’s future in a   economy. Ada Smith, 29, is among a new generation taking over she is the daughter of an Appalshop founder, Herb E. Smith, 64, a filmmaker and miner’s son who has spent the past   documenting union fights, mine disasters, polluted land and water, and wrenching cycles of boom and bust. “What’s needed in this transition,” said Ms. Smith, who returned home after college, “are people in the region who want to stay  —   and figure it out. ” That rethinking led Appalshop to create a   digital marketing venture, Mountain Tech Media. It was unveiled in March at a party where a gourmet moonshiner, an early client, served   drinks. The company, a   cooperative, has two   employees on a team of 12, its chief executive, Jeremy McQueen, 30, said. The hope is to hire local young people over time. On a bright Monday in June, SOAR held its third Innovation Summit here. It looked like a convention of   and suits. Lunch was served outside while a bluegrass band played. There were two sandwich options: pulled pork and vegan wraps. Old coal country tensions flared. While Mr. Rogers was speaking, Ada and Herb Smith helped unfurl a banner opposing the construction of a $444 million prison. Mr. Rogers says it will bring 300 jobs, but Mr. Smith calls it “the wrong answer to the region’s economic problems. ” Mr. Parrish, who has known Mr. Smith for decades (their wives were college sorority sisters) was furious. “We’re all there trying to do solutions,” he said. “This was not the venue to do that in. ” Even so, Mr. Justice and Mr. McQueen made plans to get together, to talk about ways their fledgling tech companies might collaborate. The encounter spoke volumes about the current political moment here. As Mr. Justice said: “Cats and dogs are sleeping together in the mountains now. ”",0
9285,Jury Appears One Vote Short of Convicting Ex-Police Officer in Walter Scott’s Death - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   A jury signaled here on Friday that it was within a single vote of convicting a white former police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man. But confusion reigned in the courtroom as the jury wavered about whether it was hopelessly deadlocked about the killing, which was recorded on video and became a symbol of the nation’s heated debate about race and policing. Over the misgivings of a defense lawyer, Judge Clifton B. Newman, who presided over a   trial, did not declare a mistrial in the case of the former officer, Michael T. Slager, who shot and killed Walter L. Scott in North Charleston, S. C. on April 4, 2015. Jurors had been deliberating for about 48 hours and, by day’s end, had decided to resume their discussions on Monday. Yet Friday’s proceedings, before a crowded courtroom that alternated between focused and flummoxed, were a remarkable display of the divisions in one of the country’s most closely watched cases. It has been seen as a bellwether for whether video evidence could lead to a rare conviction of a law enforcement officer in an   killing. “I cannot in good conscience consider a guilty verdict,” an unidentified juror wrote in a letter to Judge Newman, who read it aloud in court. The juror added that the panel “may never reach a unanimous decision. ” In a separate note, the jury’s foreman, the sole black member of the panel, appeared curt, writing, “It’s just one juror that has the issues. ” It was not clear whether the panel favored a conviction for murder, which could lead to a sentence of life in prison, or voluntary manslaughter, which carries a sentence of two to 30 years. Mr. Slager was indicted on a murder charge, and Judge Newman allowed jurors this week to consider the lesser offense of manslaughter. But the dueling messages  —   and the shifting positions from jurors about whether additional talks or instructions might yield a verdict  —   were a stunning turn in a case that began nearly 20 months ago, when Mr. Scott was shot and killed after fleeing from a traffic stop for a broken taillight. Mr. Slager, whom North Charleston fired after the shooting, testified that he had become involved in a physical struggle with Mr. Scott over his Taser device, leaving him in “total fear” and causing him to open fire in a lot behind a pawnshop in the city of about 108, 000. “He didn’t shoot him because of the brake light,” Andrew J. Savage III, Mr. Slager’s lead defense lawyer, said of the former officer during his closing argument. “He shot him in fear of his life. ” It was an account that, at first, local officials believed. But within days, a pedestrian’s cellphone video became public and showed a gruesome shooting that shook this region and reverberated around the world: Mr. Slager firing eight rounds toward Mr. Scott, who was running away and was at least 17 feet from Mr. Slager. Prosecutors argued that Mr. Slager had “malice aforethought” when he shot Mr. Scott, and that he had staged evidence in a frantic effort to justify the shooting, the first time he had fired his service weapon while on patrol. “The badge is supposed to be a shield, not a sword,” Scarlett A. Wilson, the chief prosecutor for Charleston County, said during her final presentation to the jury, when she argued that jurors could not acquit Mr. Slager “knowing these facts and South Carolina law. ” For a time on Friday, the proceedings appeared poised to end in a mistrial, an outcome that would have been similar to the results of other cases involving accusations of police misconduct. A judge in Baltimore declared a mistrial in December when a jury could not reach a decision in the case of an officer charged in connection with the death of Freddie Gray, and a Cincinnati jury deadlocked last month during its deliberations about a police officer who had shot and killed an unarmed black motorist. Shortly after lunch on Friday, the jury sent a note indicating it was at an impasse, prompting Judge Newman to deliver what is known as an Allen charge, a set of legal instructions intended to break deadlocks during deliberations. “You have a duty to make every reasonable effort to reach a unanimous verdict,” the judge told the jury of seven men and five women as he read the Allen charge, named for the 1896 Supreme Court case that enshrined such guidance. “The majority should consider the minority’s position, and the minority should consider the majority’s position,” Judge Newman told the jurors before ordering them to resume their deliberations in hopes that they would come to one of three conclusions: a conviction for murder, a conviction for manslaughter or an acquittal. The outward orderliness of the trial collapsed within hours, when the jury sent more notes that revealed details about the deliberations. The jurors veered from hopelessly deadlocked to willing to talk more, rattling the courtroom, which was filled with members of the Scott and Slager families, as well as onlookers who had gathered, they thought, to see an end to the trial. But Judge Newman was reluctant to end the proceedings, even as Mr. Savage protested that continued deliberations could be “extremely coercive. ” The jury, after sending another note announcing that it was exhausted, left the courthouse after nightfall. And Mr. Savage, a longtime defense lawyer in Charleston, seemed bewildered as he walked through a crowd of cameras after the court adjourned. “Let’s just wait till Monday, see what happens Monday and then we’ll come in after that,” he said. A lawyer for Mr. Scott’s family, L. Chris Stewart, offered a similar reflection as he left the courthouse. “It’s not over,” Mr. Stewart said. “We kept hearing: ‘It’s over. It’s over.’ It’s not over. Justice is still coming. ”",0
9286,World’s first 3D-printed supercar: Ultra-light 700hp Divergent Blade showcased at LA Auto Show,"Divergent 3D showcased its Blade Supercar, the world’s first highway-safe, 3D-printed supercar, during a press and dealers’ preview ahead of the Los Angeles Auto Show on Wednesday. 
The vehicle boasts 700-hp motor, weights 1,400 lbs (635 kg), and is able to reach 0-60 mph in 2.5 seconds, according to manufacturer. Apart from that, Blade has 1/3 the emissions of an electric car and 1/50 the factory capital costs of other manufactured cars. 
Kevin Czinger, CEO of Divergent 3D, says ‘this is the first car that’s actually a real car that can be taken on a highway that can be safety certified as a fully safe highway car… It’s going to be a 21st century revolution in manufacturing.’ 
COURTESY: RT’s RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE – FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv 
  
Subscribe   
Like   
  Share the joy",0
9287,Hollywood Melts over U.S. Withdrawal from Paris Accord: ’Crime Against Humanity’,"  celebrities ripped President Donald Trump Thursday after he officially announced that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. [Filmmaker Michael Moore took to Twitter and said “Trump just committed a crime against humanity. ”  Trump just committed a crime against humanity. This admitted predator has now expanded his predatory acts to the entire planet. #ParisAccord,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 1, 2017,  USA to Earth: FUCK YOU,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 1, 2017,  Actor Alec Baldwin said Trump is a “deranged, infantile maniac” getting in the way of the country from addressing climate change. All the world wants 2 address climate chg. Except the US. This country is being piloted in2 an iceberg by this deranged, infantile maniac,  —   ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) June 1, 2017,  “The United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord,” President Trump said Thursday in a speech delivered in the White House Rose Garden. Withdrawing from the   Paris Climate agreement was a major campaign promise made by Trump during his presidential run. Below is a sampling of the reaction from   celebrities to Trump’s decision to remove the U. S. from the Paris Climate Accord. . @realDonaldTrump I ask humbly to remember your children, their children  all children will be left to live   results of your decision pic. twitter.   —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) June 1, 2017,  FIRE SCOTT PRUITT  —   EPA HEAD  —   DEAR GOD THIS IS FUCKING INSANE,  —   ROSIE (@Rosie) June 1, 2017,  I’ve never been this embarrassed to be an American (besides Nov. 8th). #ActOnClimate #ParisAccord,  —   Kevin McHale (@druidDUDE) June 1, 2017,  Today, our planet suffered. It’s more important than ever to take action. #ParisAgreement https:  .   —   Leonardo DiCaprio (@LeoDiCaprio) June 1, 2017,    #DonaldTrump quits Climate Accords. Think of all the time effort  money poured into this  he bails giving BigOil a windfall.  —   Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) June 1, 2017,  Oh my God, you really are a monster, @realDonaldTrump.  —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) June 1, 2017,  Mother ducker. https:  .   —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) June 1, 2017,  Don’t boo. VOTE. #2018 #ParisAgreement,  —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) June 1, 2017,  We need to organize our unions, retirement plans, stock accounts to pull out of all fossil fuels. We will have to lead our Gov. with our $.  —   Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) June 1, 2017,  We have to stop this asshole. This is urgent. You have to vote in 2018.  —   John Legend (@johnlegend) June 1, 2017,  You are a monster and you’re fucking up the world. https:  .   —   (((Joshua Malina))) (@JoshMalina) June 1, 2017,  I second that emotion! https:  .   —   John Leguizamo (@JohnLeguizamo) June 1, 2017,  The president believes in science LESS THAN THE POPE. #ActOnClimate pic. twitter.   —   Mike Birbiglia (@birbigs) June 1, 2017,  The family of the future after #trump and the @GOP get through with the environment. pic. twitter.   —   moby XⓋX (@thelittleidiot) June 1, 2017,  2017  …    the year science, reason and accountability died. https:  .   —   Josh Gad (@joshgad) June 1, 2017,  So Kathy Griffin is more harmful to Barron Trump than global warming. Got it.  —   billy eichner (@billyeichner) June 1, 2017,  If you listen carefully, every word he says in this clip is total bullshit. https:  .   —   Colin Hanks (@ColinHanks) June 1, 2017,  A 70 year old moron who thinks climate change is a hoax hired a band to celebrate the earth dying faster. This is beyond embarrassing,  —   Ike Barinholtz (@ikebarinholtz) June 1, 2017,  I’m guessing that Donald Trump doesn’t see the irony in making his announcement to leave the Paris Agreement while standing in a garden.  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) June 1, 2017,  Donald asks ”At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us?” Literally, the moment you were elected.  —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) June 1, 2017,  We have the list of  senators who supported Paris pull out. Now pressure those who didn’t want to divest in fossil https:  .   —   Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) June 1, 2017,  He loves the ocean so much he’s gonna give us a lot more of it to appreciate. https:  .   —   Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) June 1, 2017,  A neurotic megalomaniac just stepped on his own dick in the parking lot. Each governor, mayor, state assembly can ignore this  accept Paris,  —   Peter Henry Fonda (@iamfonda) June 1, 2017,  He needs to stop saying ”believe me”  …    it just reminds us that we never can.  —   Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) June 1, 2017,  Not only is Trump killing the Republican Party, he wants to make their mascot extinct.  —   Jason Reitman (@JasonReitman) June 1, 2017,  How is stepping away from the Paris Climate change agreement ’Making America Great Again’ America is one of the biggest polluters on the 🌎💸  —   Michelle Rodriguez (@MRodOfficial) June 1, 2017,    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
9288,Exclusive: Pat Buchanan Calls Watergate Comparisons ’Grossly Invalid’ - Breitbart,"Pat Buchanan, an adviser to Richard Nixon, presidential candidate, and original rallying point of the American   movement spoke with Breitbart News Wednesday to discuss the myriad Watergate comparisons making the rounds in Washington. [Since FBI Director James Comey’s ouster last week, the common Washington trope of Watergate comparisons has reached a fever pitch. Within hours of the announcement, a George W. Bush administration ethics attorney was telling Rolling Stone the Trump White House was now “worse than Watergate. ”  The trend continued, even among Republicans, into the next week as the   “Comey Memo” posited that Trump had told the   Director to “let it go” in regard to already fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Sen. John McCain ( ) said Tuesday night that “I think it’s reaching the point where it’s of Watergate size and scale. ” Buchanan was known as a voice of the conservative base inside the Nixon White House, where he served as a senior adviser to the president throughout the more than    scandal that ended in the only presidential resignation in American history. As fate would have it, Buchanan released his second volume of political memoirs of the Nixon era, Nixon’s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever, covering those very years, on the day of Comey’s dismissal. In conversation with Breitbart News, Buchanan rejected the idea we were at anything like the “smoking gun” moment of August 5, 1974: I think the comparison is grossly invalid for this reason, I don’t think there’s any crime in what I have read that Comey wrote. If Comey believed that the President of the United States had engaged in an obstruction of justice, he had a moral and a legal obligation to go to the Deputy Attorney General and tell him exactly what had transpired   …     He did nothing like that. He just put it in his files. Commentators, especially those on the left, rushed to invoke the “smoking gun tape” in explaining the Comey Memo Tuesday and Wednesday, a reference to the commonly used name for the   recording of a 1972 conversation between President Nixon and his chief of staff, H. R. Haldeman. President Nixon’s own voice ordering Haldeman to have the CIA prevent the FBI from following up on areas of their Watergate investigation was the “smoking gun” of presidential obstruction of justice. Its release in the summer of 1974, more than two years after the sensational   at the Democratic National Committee Headquarters in Washington, DC’s Watergate development, finally made defense of President Nixon untenable and led swiftly to his resignation. Convicted Nixon Attorney John Dean told CNN Tuesday that Comey’s Memo was a “direct parallel” to the smoking gun tape. Former Bill Clinton Speechwriter Bill Waldman argued roughly the same on the Daily Beast Wednesday. Buchanan found the comparisons “absurd,” explaining the context in which the smoking gun tapes became public: If you’re talking about the smoking gun tapes, that was revealed when I was at Camp David before Nixon’s resignation   …     That was 18 months into a Watergate crisis that had all manner of allegations of felonies and misdemeanors, and convictions, and trials. Since March of 1973 all the way through August of ’74. By the period described, over a dozen people had been indicted on serious charges relating to the initial   and subsequent   including several administration officials like Haldeman. Some, like G. Gordon Liddy, were already serving lengthy federal prison terms. Buchanan stressed that nothing of the sort occured to lend significance to Trump’s alleged comments to Comey. “So where is the crime?” Buchanan pondered. “There is no crime thus far. In this supposed hacking, there is no crime attributed to Donald Trump or his staff and no indictment in his alleged collusion with the Russians, because no collusion has been established. ” “To suggest that because Donald Trump said, ‘look, take it easy on General Flynn, he’s had a rough time’ that this is some crime, I think it’s absurd,” Buchanan argued. Even assuming the Comey Memo’s allegations are completely true, Buchanan was wary of comparing them to the deliberate interference in a fruitful criminal investigation by President Nixon: You’ve got a handful of words here. What exactly has [Trump] obstructed? What action did he take? He asks the FBI basically, “can you cut some slack for a guy who’s a good guy, and is in trouble, and has resigned from the White House. ” I don’t see any comparison at all. The comparison to the smoking gun tape was not the first attempt by some commentators to compare Comey’s dismissal to supposed Watergate equivalents. Comey’s ouster itself has been continually compared to the “Saturday Night Massacre” of 1973, where both Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General Bill Ruckelshaus resigned rather than obey Nixon’s direction to fire the special prosecutor appointed to investigate Watergate Archibald Cox, who eventually was fired by Solicitor General Robert Bork. Senator Ed Markey ( ) John Podesta, and newfound liberal hero former acting Attorney General Sally Yates have all publicly drawn the comparison to Trump’s decision to dismiss Comey  —   an act, unlike firing a special prosecutor like Cox, well within a president’s authority to take unilaterally. Buchanan himself wrote on the inevitable comparison on Monday. While he concluded that the media’s “hysteria” over a “constitutional crisis” from Comey’s firing did remind him of the Saturday Night Massacre, he explained Breitbart News Wednesday that the facts do not: I was in the Oval Office when Archibald Cox was fired. Here’s the comparison, when Archibald Cox was fired on the Saturday massacre, the Attorney General Resigned, the Deputy Attorney General resigned, the special prosecutor, Cox, was fired, the special prosecutor’s office was shut down, and we were already six months into the whole Watergate crisis. And there were resolutions of impeachment the next week, 20 of them on the floor of the House. We have here what? An FBI director has been fired, who says the president had a perfect right to fire him. And the investigation by the FBI into the   connection, which has produced zero fruit to date, continues on unimpeded. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein’s Wednesday decision to appoint a special counsel in the person of   Director Robert Mueller further isolates the Russia investigation from Trump’s dismissal of Comey. The probe will now be out of the normal FBI    which Trump’s nominee to replace Comey will head. Asked to compare the political climate in     Washington to that of the Watergate years, Buchanan explained: Because of the nature of media today, and the extraordinary contentiousness, virialence, and viciousness of the politics in the last four months, the mood in town and in the media   …     you’re getting to similar levels of heat and intensity and hostility that you had back then, but the substance is not there. “Most Americans weren’t even alive back in 1972, 73, 74. I can understand why some people rush and compare one thing to another,” Buchanan said, seeking to explain the prevalence of such comparisons. “There’s a gross exaggeration and something approaching a sense of insecurity and panic here in town when, again, it’s not justified by the reality. ” As for the likelihood of impeachment in the near future, as Rep. Al Green ( ) called for on the House floor Wednesday, Buchanan was skeptical. “The Republican Party that controls the House is not going to start House hearings on impeachment,” he said. Asked if he had any advice for the current generation of populist conservatives in the White House, Buchanan suggested unity and better information sharing among the president and his staff: The whole White House, they’ve got to get it together and organized   …     some of the staff has been pounded mercilessly and in most cases they’ve simply been left uninformed or been sent out uninformed of what the reality is and they awaken to new tweets. “It just is not working like a traditional White House and I think it really needs to be buttoned up,” Buchanan concluded.",0
9289,Comment on This Is What Constipation Does To Your Body by THIS IS WHAT CONSTIPATION DOES TO YOUR BODY | TheHealthology,"  Big pharmaceutical companies don’t want you to know that some of the artificial medication for constipation significantly reduce the effectiveness of the intestines. As a result, some people report that without taking certain medication, they can’t visit the toilet. The good news is, you can solve constipation quite easily. But let’s delve deeply into what constipation can do to the body first. Bad Breath Firstly, constipation can cause bad breath (halitosis). Unfortunately, people who suffer from bad breath don’t always realize that they have a problem. People are unlikely to point out to a person that their breath stinks; therefore, they might miss out on social events and job opportunities due to bad breath. Constipation can cause bad breath because there is a build up of toxic waste and the gasses rise up through the body. Rectal Issues & Infection As stools spend more time in the bowels, water is reabsorbed. As a result, stools get hard and dry. Some constipation suffers report that passing bowels becomes very painful and can take many hours. As a result, the rectum is stretched beyond its limits. This can lead to rectal prolapse, which is a rectum which fails to close. Rectal prolapse sufferers usually wear diapers because stool leaks out of them. Moreover, they are more prone to infection. Increase Toxins The skin is the largest organ in the body and is a reflection of a person’s general health. Constipation typically increases the buildup of toxins in the body. As a result, the skin has to work harder to eliminate toxins. This can cause acne, skin discoloration etc. Therefore, if your skin is bad, don’t buy an expensive beauty product. Take a look at your diet, and whether you suffer from constipation. The skin is a reflection of inner health.   Colon Cancer Constipation can also cause colon cancer. The colon is designed to hold a few pounds of stools. Think of it like a plastic bag. Overload with heavy items and it rips. It’s primary function is to transport stool. However, when an individual is constipated, it has to store stool. This puts a strain on the inner membrane and can cause ruptures and internal infections. Invasive surgery may be required in such instances. Loss Of Healthy Bacteria The intestines contain flora (healthy bacteria) which help with immunity and vitamin production. Constipation reduces the concentration of flora, thereby leaving sufferers more susceptible to infection and illness. Moreover, they help to keep stools soft. Therefore, constipation sufferers can go through a downward spiral whereby their condition worsens over time. As people age, they are more likely to get constipated. Moreover, it is more likely to have a serious effect on their health. This is because the body isn’t as resilient. Notably, constipation can have a big effect on quality of life; especially if it comes with one of the serious conditions above. Fortunately, there is a natural cure. Sufferers no longer have to be on a path to deteriorating health. What You Can Do A majority of constipation medication are filled with chemicals which can harm the body, and make constipation worse. Even a product like Metamucil contains ingredients no person should consume, like aspartame. Change your diet! This is one of the best ways to end constipation. Eat plenty of healthy fruits and vegetables and cut out processed foods as much as you can. Eating rancid fats (cooked meat) also doesn’t help with constipation and your digestive system so limiting that as much as possible is important. There are also some great products on the market that can assist you in ending constipation while you spend time changing your diet over time. Wholey Shit is a great example as it contains only a few natural, high quality ingredients -and it works great! You can get a free sample of Wholey Shit here. These types of remedies are a great way to get started and relief naturally and quickly while you further discover how to adjust your diet and lifestyle to reflect better digestion, eating habits and so forth. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
9290,Putin Is Giving Guns and Ammo to the Alt-Right. I Know This Because I'm Glenn Beck. - Glenn Beck,"Citizen journalism with a punch Putin Is Giving Guns and Ammo to the Alt-Right. I Know This Because I'm Glenn Beck. 
A tasty sampling of word goo, from your favorite political commentator, me, Glenn Beck. Print Me. 
Hi. Glenn Beck here. Just wanted to say thank you to Russia Insider for agreeing to republish some of my thoughtful thoughts about Vladimir Putin, Nazis, Vladimir Putin giving guns to Nazis to shoot people with....stuff like that. 
Here are some actual things that I recently said on my televised news program, Glenn Beck Wears a Hat at Grandma's House : 

Okay. I want to talk to you about something. I want to talk to you about Vladimir Putin. Vladimir Putin has now upped the game and is now funneling money, training, and terror to the alt-right in Europe. 
[...] 
There is a — what a surprise, cop-killing spree in Hungary. The neo-Nazis are fueling a lot of this. And the cop-killing spree, as they went in and they caught one of these cop killers, they found out, “Holy cow, look at, this is a neo-Nazi. This is an old neo-Nazi. He’s 70 years old. He’s been coordinating this?” 
But they also found guns and training from Vladimir Putin’s Russia. They now have — their version of the FBI has on tape Russian operatives going over in Europe, specifically in this case Hungary, coming in and training terrorists, alt-right terrorists. 
Yes, I actually said these things while wearing my hat. Watch for yourself: I'm an idiot.",0
9291,Hannity: ’James Comey Humiliated the Mainstream Press’ With His Testimony - Breitbart,"Friday during his “ ” segment on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity declared former FBI Director James Comey “humiliated” the media.  Hannity, referring to Comey as “J. Edgar Comey,” pointed to parts of Comey’s testimony debunking reports of Trump   collusion. Watch: Transcript as follows: So in a shocking turn of events, one of the biggest losers from yesterday’s   Comey testimony was the   propaganda media. We’re going to break down just how James Comey humiliated the mainstream press and why they are now facing a massive credibility crisis in tonight’s  . So yesterday, the former FBI director James Comey, J. Edgar Comey, told the Senate Intel Committee that many of the media’s Russian collusion stories are just dead wrong. Watch this. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JAMES COMEY, FORMER FBI DIRECTOR: There have been many, many stories partly based on classified information about lots of stuff but especially about Russia that are just dead wrong. The challenge, and I am not picking on reporters, about writing stories about classified information is the people talking about it often don’t really know what’s going on. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Now after that testimony, even Mr. Thrill up his left Chris Matthews, he himself came to this stunning conclusion. I was even shocked. Take a look. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC HOST: The assumption of the critics of the president, of his pursuers you might say, is that somewhere along the line in the last years the president had something to do with colluding with the Russians, something to do, a helping hand, encouraging them, feeding their desire to affect the election in some way, some role they played, some conversation he had with Michael Flynn or Paul Manafort or somewhere. And yet what came apart this morning was that theory. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: “Pursuers. ” Now, the black helicopter crowd, the tinfoil hat Russia conspiracy theories being pushed by the media, the   media, have now come apart at the seams. Now, it’s all been wrong. They have been lying to you, the American people. Of course, MSNBC was not the only outlet having to backtrack. “The Hill” is reporting that, quote, “CNN issues correction after Comey’s statement contradicts their reporting. ” And even ABC was also forced to update a story following Comey’s remarks. And then, of course, there is the paper of record,   paper record, The New York Times. They were singled out yesterday for being flat out wrong, I would argue again. Take a look. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That report by The New York Times was not true. Is that a fair statement? COMEY: In the main, it was not true. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: On February 14, The New York Times published a story the headline of which was “Trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence. ” You were asked earlier if that was an inaccurate story and you said: “in the main. ” Would it be fair to characterize that story is almost entirely wrong? COMEY: Yes. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: “The New York Times” are desperately trying to save face, fist issuing a tweet that reads, quote “We are looking into James Comey’s statements, and we will report back with more information as soon as we can. ” And then later, publishing a full article entitled “Comey disputes “New York Times” article about Russia investigation,” where they tepidly stood by their reporting and openly wondered why Comey rebuked their coverage. I guess we won’t be holding our breath for a full retraction or apology. So despite some widespread embarrassment for all these people in the   media following the Comey testimony, do think we can ever expect them to stop spreading their fake news? In other words, land the black helicopters and get back to reality? Or will the crisis and credibility continue to grow? Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
9293,"USA Continues Drive to Plutocracy, Dismantling of State","USA Continues Drive to Plutocracy, Dismantling of State 07.11.2016 Source: Pravda.Ru archive By John Stanton Interest groups and lobbyists have been busy peddling their client's interests since 1816 when Delaware manufacturer Isaac Briggs teamed up with his colleagues in an attempt to convince federal lawmakers to impose tariffs on the import of foreign made manufactures. Alexis de Tocqueville writing in his two volume set Democracy in America (1835, 1840) observed the unique American characteristic of banding together in civic and issue specific interest groups for the purpose of influencing lawmakers, regulators and public opinion at the local, state and national levels. Print version Font Size Congressional legislation to limit the influence of lobbyists in the US Congress and the federal government at large arguably did not being in earnest until the 20th Century. The landmark Foreign Agents Registration Act 1938, passed on the eve of World War II, ""requires persons acting as agents of foreign principals in a political or quasi-political capacity to make periodic public disclosure of their relationship with the foreign principal, as well as activities, receipts and disbursements in support of those activities requiring foreign company or government."" That act remains in force today. Nice Try The Federal Regulation of Lobbying Act of 1946, the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 and the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 are notable for their attempts to inform the public who was lobbying for what interest and for how much money. The Open Government Act of 2007 mandated a one year waiting period for federal public servants before they could make the move through the revolving door to lucrative for-profit opportunities. President Barak Obama issued an Executive Order in 2009 known as the Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Personnel. That decree sought to impose a two year waiting period for executive branch appointees. US executive branch agencies can also write their own lobbying rules or modify those contained in legislative acts. Members of the US Congress can also play an active role above and beyond legislative actions. On December 18, 2008, then Senators John Kerry from Massachusetts and Richard Lugar of Indiana sent a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to the Clinton Foundation, and the soon to be confirmed US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, limiting the Clinton Foundation's interactions with foreign governments. In the MOU, the Clinton Foundation was instructed to spin off the Clinton Global Initiative placing strictures on Bill Clinton's ability to accept contributions from foreign governments. It appears that the Clinton's ignored the MOU with the recent revelations of Qatar's $1 million gift which went unreported. Thanks to Wikileaks, the DNC hack, Edward Snowden, Chelsea Manning and others, the internal workings of the US-Corporate State have been pried open to reveal a can of filthy worms entangled with each other in every which way. And not a damn thing will change no matter who runs the country. The American people, their constitution, Bill of Rights and ideals set forth in the Declaration of Independence are being tortured by opportunists. Besides that, they were written by ""white people"" back in the 1700's and so they hold no weight with large segments of the American citizenry. That, of course, plays right into the hands of the 'color of money' tech and financial interests who seek to eliminate the US nation-state leaving only the military, intelligence and the dollar's printing presses as backstops. No Win Situation In practice, all the well-intentioned federal legislation, tireless efforts of lobbyist watchdogs and anti-revolving door advocates had done little to inhibit much of the influence peddling undertaken by foreign agents and governments, US law firms, interest groups, trade associations, corporations and lobbying houses. Nor have their efforts slowed the speed of the revolving door though which officials who on one day are protecting and defending the Constitution of the United States emerge on the other side claiming fealty to a corporation's shareholders. The rules, regulations and procedures governing the process are not worth the paper they are printed on. The United States Supreme Court ruled that influence peddling by individuals or non-profit organizations are protected by the free-speech First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. In 2010 the court's Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission extended that concept to for-profit associations, corporations and labor unions. Predictably, organizations and wealthy individuals have flooded the federal government and the 2016 election cycle with money. According to the public interest website Opensecrets.org--which tracks lobbying and revolving door activity--from 2008 to 2016 over $15 billion was spent by assorted organizations for US federal level influence peddling for all manner of issues ranging from defense and finance to sports and healthcare. The National Football League works hard at the local, state and federal levels for public funds to get their stadiums subsidized at the expense of taxpayers. In 2016 alone $1.6Bln was billed by lobbyists to their clients. In that same year 10,498 individuals and organizations registered as lobbyists. But even knowing how the system works, Americans see no alternative because they do not want to do the very difficult work of rebooting the system or holding their so called leaders accountable. A Look at AT&T, Time Warner Merger & Influence In October, the world's third largest telecommunications giant AT&T, a creature of the former Ma Bell System monopoly, offered cable and content provider Time Warner shareholders an $85 billion merger package. Both Boards of Directors gleefully approved the deal. Now that merger must receive the approval of the US Department of Justice and assorted state and federal regulatory bodies. If approved by regulators, the merger would create one the world's largest media conglomerates with one side of the monster, AT&T, very tight with the US National Security Agency. To increase the likelihood of success, AT&T, for its part, has mobilized some 100 lobbyists in Washington, DC, and scores more across the nation to cajole public utility, state legislatures and governors into supporting the merger. The company is already on the march in the US congress and at federal agencies like the Federal Communications Commission. Even the self-proclaimed titans in the US Congress who decry the influence of money in politics or swarms of lobbyists are on the dole. In 1999 Senator John McCain from the US state of Arizona and then Chairman of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, that oversees the telecommunications industry, introduced a bill that cleared the hurdles for the AT&T's acquisition of MediaOne Group making AT&T, at the time, the largest cable company in the United States, the Center for Public Integrity said in a report. ""His efforts did not go unrewarded: Two weeks after he introduced his bill, AT&T employees and their spouses contributed $10,000 to his presidential campaign in addition to $3,000 they gave him three days after AT&T announced its merger plans."" AT&T's federal influencers include revolving door types like former Senators John Breaux of Louisiana and Trent Lott of Mississippi who now work for heavyweight Washington, DC law-firm and influence house Squire, Patton and Boggs. AT&T will also apply pressure from its own Board of Directors, one of whom is former President Bill Clinton's chief economic advisor Laura D'Andrea Tyson. Coincidently she once served as a board member for Ameritech Corporation, formerly part of the AT&T-Bell System and now owned by AT&T. And how about this? The Board also includes the former Chairman of the US Federal Communications Commission from 1997 to 200, William Kennard. Inches or Sins? America is bankrupt and on the highway to hell. The outcome of the 2016 election will not halt that process unless the American people find a way out of the political, financial, cultural and military morass they and their leaders have created. There are two paths forward for Americans, it seems. The first is offered in dialogue from the movie SEVEN in which the serial killer John Doe (played by Kevin Spacey) innovatively murders seven people based on the Seven Deadly Sins. Sure, John's methods are unsound but the 'point' he makes about the sickness and tolerance levels of society are spot on. John Doe: ""A woman... so ugly on the inside she couldn't bear to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer, a drug dealing pederast, actually! And let's not forget the disease-spreading whore! Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. But that's the point. We see a deadly sin on every street corner, in every home, and we tolerate it. We tolerate it because it's common, it's trivial. We tolerate it morning, noon, and night. Well, not anymore. I'm setting the example. What I've done is going to be puzzled over and studied and followed... forever.""The second path and a better alternative to John Doe's shock doctrine is from movie dialogue from Any Given Sunday in the famed inches speech by Coach D'Amato (played by Al Pacino). The football team has descended into the hell of cliques, internal clashes, off-field antics, and disagreements over play calling. No football team can be successful in such a situation. The team has to come together for some purpose. Americans face that challenge now. Coach D'Amato: ""Either we heal as a team or we're 'gonna' crumble inch by inch, play by play until we're finished. We're in hell right now, gentlemen...we can stay here, get the shit kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb 'outta' hell... one inch at a time. You see life's this game of inches, so is football. Because in either game - life or football - the margin for error is so small. I mean, one half a step too late or too early and you don't quite make it. One half second too slow, too fast and you don't quite catch it. I know if I'm 'gonna' have any life anymore it's because I'm still willing to fight and die for that inch, because that's what living is, the six inches in front of your face. The inches we need are everywhere around us. That's a team, gentlemen, and either we heal, now, as a team, or we will die as individuals. That's football guys, that's all it is."" John Stanton John Stanton played US contact football from youth level through small college on the offensive line. He captained his youth and high school teams and contributed significantly to three conference championships in college. He coached the sport for 25 years. His most recent book is US Military's Progressiveness Leaves Civil Society Behind. He's at jstantonarchangel@gmail.com",0
9294,Nigel Farage Fears Brexit ‘Betrayal’ and Warns of ‘Public Anger’ Following Historic Article 50 Ruling,"Nigel Farage Fears Brexit ‘Betrayal’ and Warns of ‘Public Anger’ Following Historic Article 50 Ruling Chris Kitching, Mirror, November 3, 2016 
Nigel Farage has warned fellow politicians that any attempt to block or delay Britain’s exit from the European Union will be met with untold anger from the public. 
In a statement released after the historic High Court ruling on Article 50 the interim Ukip leader said he fears a Brexit “betrayal” is on the horizon. 
The judges ruled that the government doesn’t have the power to trigger two-year exit process Article 50 without a vote by MPs. 
Farage campaigned vigorously for Brexit and declared the June 23 referendum Britain’s “independence day” after the shock result was confirmed. 
After the High Court ruling was announced on Thursday morning Farage said: “I worry that a betrayal may be near at hand. 
“Last night at the Spectator Parliamentary Awards I had a distinct feeling that our political class, who were out in force, do not accept the 23rd of June Referendum result. 
“I now fear that every attempt will be made to block or delay the triggering of Article 50 . 
“If this is so, they have no idea of the level of public anger they will provoke.” 
Three of England’s top judges gave the ruling after a costly three-day hearing. 
The Government immediately announced it would appeal to the Supreme Court. 
Ukip millionaire donor Arron Banks accused the “legal establishment” of “declaring war on British democracy”. 
He added: “Parliament voted six-to-one in favour of letting the people decide. 
“They didn’t get the answer they wanted, and now they’re going to use every dirty trick in the book to try to sabotage, delay or water down Brexit.” 
Ukip leadership hopeful Suzanne Evans blasted the judges and said the court ruling “undermines democracy”. 
The former party chair urged the government to appeal. 
She wrote on Twitter : “How dare these activist judges attempt to overturn our will? It’s a power grab & undermines democracy. Time we had the right to sack them. 
” Article 50 is an EU trap we must not fall in to. It will tie us into the EU for years. The government must appeal. People power must win.” 
Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn said: “This ruling underlines the need for the Government to bring its negotiating terms to parliament without delay. 
“Labour respects the decision of the British people to leave the European Union. 
“But there must be transparency and accountability to parliament on the terms of Brexit . 
“Labour will be pressing the case for a Brexit that works for Britain, putting jobs, living standards and the economy first.” 
Liberal Democrats Leader Tim Farron welcomed the ruling. 
He said: “Given the strict two year timetable of exiting the EU once Article 50 is triggered, it is critical that the government now lay out their negotiating to Parliament, before such a vote is held.”",0
9295,The FBI’s October Surprise: What You’re Not Being Told,"Corbett • 11/06/2016 • 1 Comment 
On Friday, October 28th, 2016, FBI Director James Comey dropped a political bombshell just 10 days out from the presidential (s)election. 
Many theories have so far been floated about why the FBI director issued this letter just days before a national (s)election. Some of them, including the idea that Comey is struggling against an internal insurrection of agents disgruntled by his earlier decision not to prosecute Clinton, seem to have a basis in reality. Others, including the idea that Comey is an agent of the Russians, working in collusion with Putin and Trump to put a Kremlin puppet in the White House, do not. 
But what seemingly everyone has missed with regard to the letter is that it was issued just four days after another bombshell piece of information… 
For the video version of this report, please CLICK HERE . 
For full access to the subscriber newsletter, and to support this website, please become a member . Only site members can access this content. 
Already a Member?",0
9296,Lawbreaking AirBnB At It Again: Sends Out Spam That Violates CAN-SPAM Act,"by Yves Smith 
I just received an e-mail from AirBnB which patently violates the CAN-SPAM Act by virtue of not having an unsubscribe option. It’s even cheekier for AirBnB to be contacting me since I am deeply opposed to AirBnB and have never once visited their site, and never have or would use their service, either as a lodger or a host. That means they are very likely to have violated the CAN-SPAM Act in a second manner, by virtue of having harvested my e-mail address . 
A big problem with CAN-SPAM is the only parties with a right of action are “Internet Access Services” and not “natural persons,” as in end recipients. 
Here are the relevant provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act per Wikipedia : 
The 3 basic types of compliance defined in the CAN-SPAM Act, unsubscribe, content and sending behavior compliance, are as follows: 
Unsubscribe compliance A visible and operable unsubscribe mechanism is present in all emails. Consumer opt-out requests are honored within 10 business days. Opt-out lists also known as Suppression lists are only used for compliance purposes. 
Content compliance Accurate “From” lines (including “friendly froms”) Relevant subject lines (relative to offer in body content and not deceptive) A legitimate physical address of the publisher and/or advertiser is present. PO Box addresses are acceptable in compliance with 16 C.F.R. 316.2(p) and if the email is sent by a third party, the legitimate physical address of the entity, whose products or services are promoted through the email should be visible. A label is present if the content is adult. 
Sending behavior compliance A message cannot be sent through an open relay A message cannot be sent without an unsubscribe option. A message cannot be sent to a harvested email address A message cannot contain a false header A message should contain at least one sentence. A message cannot be null. Unsubscribe option should be below the message. 
Here’s the offending message, with the subject line, “Discrimination and Belonging: What it Means for You,” in its entirety: The Airbnb Community Commitment Hi, Earlier this year, we launched a comprehensive effort to fight bias and discrimination in the Airbnb community. As a result of this effort, we’re asking everyone to agree to a Community Commitment beginning November 1, 2016. Agreeing to this commitment will affect your use of Airbnb, so we wanted to give you a heads up about it. What is the Community Commitment? You commit to treat everyone—regardless of race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or age—with respect, and without judgment or bias. How do I accept the commitment? On or after November 1, we’ll show you the commitment when you log in to or open the Airbnb website, mobile or tablet app and we’ll automatically ask you to accept. What if I decline the commitment? If you decline the commitment, you won’t be able to host or book using Airbnb, and you have the option to cancel your account. Once your account is canceled, future booked trips will be canceled. You will still be able to browse Airbnb but you won’t be able to book any reservations or host any guests. What if I have feedback about the commitment? We welcome your feedback about the Community Commitment and all of our nondiscrimination efforts. Feel free to read more about the commitment . You can also reach out to us at . The Airbnb Team Sent with ♥ from Airbnb ‌A‌i‌r‌b‌n‌b‌,‌ ‌I‌n‌c‌.‌,‌ ‌8‌8‌8‌ ‌B‌r‌a‌n‌n‌a‌n‌ ‌S‌t‌,‌ ‌S‌a‌n‌ ‌F‌r‌a‌n‌c‌i‌s‌c‌o‌,‌ ‌C‌A‌ ‌9‌4‌1‌0‌3‌ Airbnb Ireland, The Watermarque Building, South Lotts Rd, Ringsend, Dublin 4, VAT Number: 9827384L 0 0 0 0 0 0 This entry was posted in Guest Post on",0
9297,Hillary Emails: Top Clinton Aide Plotted to ‘Help’ News Media ‘Figure Out How Things Work’,"TEL AVIV  —   In a 2010 email released yesterday by Judicial Watch, Jake Sullivan,   Chief of Staff to Hillary Clinton at the State Department, discusses how to “help” news media figures “’figure out’ how things work. ”[Sullivan later served as chief foreign policy adviser to Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign.  The February 9, 2010 email in question was sent to longtime Clinton confidantes Huma Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills, and to Philippe I. Reines, who served as Clinton’s Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Strategic Communications. It was an exchange started by Sullivan, who asked why New York Times columnist David Brooks “took a shot at me in his column today. ” “Any ideas what prompted it?” asked Sullivan. Brooks column that day, titled, “The House of Tranquillity” did not specifically mention Sullivan. It stated of Clinton and Iraq that, “Hillary Clinton’s influence on this and all issues is exceptionally hard to figure out. ” Brooks may have been referring to Sullivan and other top Clinton aides when he wrote: Finally, Biden was asked to come up with a   agenda. This is a surprisingly difficult job because many of these programs  —   credits for college affordability and child care  —   fairly reek of Clintonism. This is an administration that is staffed by Clintonites but does not want to appear Clintonian in any way. In response to Sullivan’s email asking what may have prompted Brooks’ alleged criticism, Reines replied, “Not sure  —   but this is a good excuse to bring him in for an OTR with you. Lona mentioned you wanted to see Tom Friedman  —   with your ok, we could schedule both (separately) over the next month or so. ” OTR is an acronym for an    conversation, something fairly common in government circles.  Reines was referring to Times’ columnist Thomas Friedman. Sullivan responded with his comment about helping media personalities “’figure out’ how things work”: Philippe and I had an offline conversation about this and I agree entirely. I think it makes sense for you to meet with influencers on a regular  —   though not intrusive  —   basis. An OTR conversation with you is the best way to help guys like Brooks “figure out” how things work. The email was part of a batch of 1, 184 pages released yesterday by Judicial Watch following a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. The correspondence included 29 previously undisclosed emails.  The Sullivan email about Brooks was also previously released by WiliLeaks, but it received no news media attention. Previous   emails discussed methods of utilizing the news media for messaging. Breitbart News previously reported a memo requested by Clinton recommended that the State Department utilize “Specialty Media” to get its foreign policy message across, a newly released State Department email reveals. The 2009 memo urged Clinton to use her star power and singled out shows including Oprah, Ellen, The View, and others to be used to “amplify and deliver messages that advance policymaking. ” The section on The View stated that while the program lacks “international distribution, it makes up for it by creating a media echo chamber based on the intense discussions that take place every weekday during the Hot Topics segments. ” The reference to The View as “creating a media echo chamber” may be telling. Last May, a New York Times article quoted a senior Obama administration official who used similar phraseology in describing the alleged use of the news media to sell the Iran nuclear deal to the American public. That plot was referenced in a New York Times Magazine profile of President Obama’s deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes entitled, “The Aspiring Novelist Who Became Obama’s   Guru. ” Robert Malley, senior director at the National Security Council, was quoted saying “experts” were utilized to create an “echo chamber” that disseminated administration claims about Iran to “hundreds of   reporters” in the news media. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein. ",0
9298,"The Rothschild Family has corrupted global banks, news media, oil and government","The Rothschild Family has corrupted global banks, news media, oil and government share in: Central banks , Currency & debt , Deception , Energy , Freedom 
The New World Order might seem a bit far-fetched for many. A handful of powerful people acting as puppet masters for the human race is a thought that might not even cross the minds of many that have seamlessly adapted to the beliefs that were instilled in them from a young age. The thought that we are all being controlled and enslaved by the banks with the aid of the government is for conspiracy theorists. There is no doubt that there are negative connotations associated with being a conspiracy theorist. That belief has been re-iterated many times, mostly from the mainstream media. There are people who see the world for what they are told it is, others see what’s really going on behind the curtain. The stranglehold the global elite have on money and knowledge makes them very powerful. They either directly or indirectly control every aspect of our lives. 
Global mega-corporations make up to billions of dollars on an annual basis. A select few at the top of the company make absurd amounts of money, while the employees making the difference and driving the company forward are barely paid enough money to stay afloat. If humans stay busy working 40 weekly hours for very little income, they won’t have the time or the resources to realize they have been dealt a bad hand. The top 1 percent doesn’t want Americans to be any more educated then to have the ability to help operate and patronize their business’. 
The global elite have a system in place which allows them to grow their global banking empire. All of humanity are literally slaves to the economic system. Money is necessary for our survival in the real world today. Most people will spend the majority of their time working just to survive in the system. If money is the god of our time, that makes Rothschild his prophet. Public School programs worldwide are where the global elite first begin to shape our minds. They continue the shaping through the media. We are taught what they want us to know and nothing more. 
The rich continue to get richer by purchasing up many successful smaller businesses. When the top 1 percent owns the majority of banks, resources and even our governments, it means big problems for the people. The Rothschilds’ are worth over $500 trillion and they are just 1 of 13 families that pretty much collectively own the world. The Rothschilds’ alone could pay off the US national debt 26 times over. Unfortunately they would never do such a thing because they own the majority of the world’s central banks. The New World Order’s agenda is slowly taking small steps toward complete and definitive enslavement through use of the monetary system and ownership of resources. 
Sources: ",0
9299,Re: Christian Parents Take Legal Action Against Local Council Over Their Daughter's Attempt To Look Like A Boy,"Email 
There was a time that the parent of a child was the final authority. There would be no way the state could step in and force decisions. Especially decisions that would be life altering and permanently damaging. 
None of us would think that a social work would threaten to take our children if we did not let them have sex with their love interests. They would not make us allow our children to disfigure themselves. “If little Johnny wants to cut off his nose, you must consent.” This notion would be absurd. 
Not in Britain. 
The Christian Post reports : 
Christian parents in the U.K. are taking legal action against their local council authority after it undermined their parental rights and sided with their 14-year-old daughter who says she wants to transition to become a boy. 
The Daily Mail reports that the girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told local council officials that she wants to start transitioning to look like a boy. The parents have said that she is too young to be making such decisions, however, and will be meeting with teachers and social workers next month to discuss how the girl should be addressed and treated at school. 
The Christian Legal Centre, which will be funding the legal costs for the parents, blamed the “transgender cultural movement” for creating what it called a new “conflict of rights” within the family. 
Society is growing more and more antagonistic to parents. This antagonism is especially true if that parent is Christian. As I reported , in North Carolina, the Gender Unicorn teaches teens that their parents have no place in such decisions. 
This proves that this is not something that is soon to be coming to America; it is already here. 
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com   shares",0
9300,FDA FOUND MANIPULATING THE MEDIA IN FAVOR OF BIG PHARMA,"Home › HEALTH | MEDIA › FDA FOUND MANIPULATING THE MEDIA IN FAVOR OF BIG PHARMA FDA FOUND MANIPULATING THE MEDIA IN FAVOR OF BIG PHARMA 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Although the Federal Drug Administration is thought to serve American consumers by keeping them safe and well-informed, they are doing just the opposite by controlling the media and science press in order to create misleading and one-sided articles. 
An investigation into documents released through the Freedom of Information Act by Scientific American revealed that the FDA uses a variety of tactics to prevent the full truth from being revealed about a certain product. The biggest tactic is the “close-hold embargo,” where they invite a select few news sites to a briefing about the to-be released information with conditions. They stipulate that the journalists have to surrender their reportorial independence by agreeing to only speak with sources approved by their agency. 
When NPR reporter Rob Stein was extended one of these loaded invitations, he responded by saying, “My editors are uncomfortable with the condition that we cannot seek reaction,” and asked that they be given a bit more wiggle room to speak with others. When Stein was met with a resounding no, he decided to agree to the terms and attend the briefing. 
Stein wasn’t the only reporter to attend this particular briefing, as other sites such as The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and The New York Times were all present. Despite agreeing to the terms, not everyone is actually comfortable with these conditions. The New York Times former Public Editor, Margaret Sullivan, said: 
“I think embargoes that attempt to control sourcing are dangerous because they limit the role of the reporter whose job is to do a full look at a subject. It’s really inappropriate for a source to be telling a journalist whom he or she can and can’t talk to.” 
Other tactics used by the FDA include denying major media outlets any access to the briefing prior to the public release of information, and the deliverance of half-truths when asked questions directly to hinder an investigation. Those who intend to speak with unapproved sources or announce these embargoes are met with threats. Post navigation",0
9302,When Community-Supported Agriculture Is Not What It Seems - The New York Times,"Last Tuesday, a    subscription service called Local Roots NYC dropped off boxes at pickup spots in New York City including a cafe, a brew pub and the offices of BuzzFeed. Alongside locally grown rainbow chard, romaine lettuce and beets, some members got bottles of olive oil from Italy or bars of chocolate and bags of dried pasta, both  . From Rustic Roots, an   delivery service in the tristate area, members could receive fruit boxes stacked with oranges, pineapples and avocados. Although both companies use the term “C. S. A. ,”   agriculture, to describe their service, the presence of a middleman between the farmer and the customer is precisely what traditional C. S. A.s are designed to avoid. And since olives and oranges do not grow in this region, those products provide no direct income to local farmers, precisely the people the C. S. A. was invented to benefit.   agriculture was originally defined by a very particular relationship between a farm and its customers. Starting in the 1980s (earlier in Europe and Japan) members banded together to support a nearby farm with an upfront financial commitment to buy its produce. It was a private transaction in which all the money went directly to the farmer. It did not rely on distributors or    stores, and it gave farmers a crucial infusion of cash for the winter, used to buy seeds, repair equipment and expand into new growing methods. The goal was for C. S. A. farmers and members to build a mutually supportive   relationship. Members would get     produce from a farmer they knew and trusted, and farmers would get financial stability. “There’s no other customer that pays you 100 percent, in advance, year after year,” said Maggie Wood, an owner of Golden Earthworm Farm on the North Fork of Long Island. Ms. Wood’s farm is entirely supported by its 2, 150 C. S. A. members. As demand for local and organic produce has ballooned in the last five years, so have other ideas for connecting farmers to customers. Now, online hubs are using sophisticated distribution technology to snap into the food chain, often using “C. S. A. ” to describe what they deliver. The term is not regulated in most states, so companies can define it as they wish. Peapod, the online shopping service owned by the international grocery giant Ahold, delivers   boxes throughout the Northeast FreshDirect offers a variety of C. S. A. options in and around New York City. As the “farm share” concept has spread, the C. S. A. has become just another part of the sprawling, messy modern system of knowing where your food comes from and choosing what you want to eat. The opportunity for confusion is of enormous concern to many farmers in the New York region. Depending on how and where these new businesses buy their produce, consumers can receive all the benefits of C. S. A. membership, while the farmers get only a fraction. Some farmers say that after years of steady growth, their C. S. A. memberships have dropped since the arrival of services like Local Roots or Farmigo. “At first it seemed like these services were going to be great for us,” said Eve   an owner of Garden of Eve farm on the North Fork of Long Island. Some of them supplied software management programs and marketing tools others offered premium prices close to farmers’ market rates others picked up the produce instead of requiring farmers to deliver to a central warehouse. But the drawbacks can outweigh the benefits. Some say that these hubs have siphoned off their members, partly by offering a more convenient product, but also by blurring the definition of terms like “C. S. A. ” and “farm share,” so that customers believe they are directly supporting local farms with their purchases when they might not. “They are absolutely in competition with us,” said Ben Shute, an owner of Hearty Roots farm in the Hudson Valley. “There are only a certain number of people who will buy food this way. ” Ms.   said that her membership had dropped from a high of 900 around 2012 to 600 today. Golden Earthworm, Katchkie Farm in Kinderhook, N. Y. and many other local farmers agree that after years of steady growth, they have been struggling to retain old members and attract new ones. And that to compete with the delivery services, they are scrambling to find sources for bread, cheese, fruit, meat, eggs and other   that customers want. “Do consumers even know that when they sign up for one of these fake C. S. A. s, sometimes it doesn’t benefit local farmers any more than if they shop at the supermarket?” Ms.   asked. Probably not. The organic farm boxes you buy online may or may not be local. Local farm boxes may or may not be organic. The farmers may or may not be paid more than wholesale prices. And customers may or may not care. “I just assume that if it’s organic, it’s good,” said Raquel Hoffman, a C. S. A. member in Fort Greene, Brooklyn. “I can’t also worry about whether it’s local, or whether the chickens were happy, and all that. ” Taking the time to tease out whether buying granola made in Brooklyn qualifies as supporting local agriculture can test the patience of consumers. Services like Local Roots offer an alluring simplicity. “If the goal is to make local food accessible, we need to make shopping for it as much like a   shop as possible,” said   Ying, who founded Local Roots NYC. “People who care about local produce are also going to care about great olive oil, so I’m going to connect them to great olive oil. And that money comes back to support the local food movement, including farmers. ” Ms. Ying said that the more food options her customers have, the more likely they are to remain in the C. S. A. which in turn sustains the 15 local farms from which Local Roots buys. Traditional C. S. A.s have a high turnover rate many people simply find the system too inflexible for their needs. “If we want the local food system to grow, we all have to grow and evolve with it,” she said. “If you’re stubborn against the change, it’s only going to hurt the local food movement. ” Eric Stone, who oversees C. S. A.s at FreshDirect, said he believed that widening distribution and raising visibility for local produce  —   as the company’s boxes do  —   benefit local agriculture in the long term. Hepworth Farms, in the Hudson Valley, packs C. S. A. boxes for FreshDirect customers that are stamped with the farm’s own name and logo. “I really think it gives them a chance to get their stuff out there,” he said. “It expands the whole market. ” Hepworth is an example of an organic farm that benefits from increased options for farmers, participating in a new distribution system alongside its farmers’ market, restaurant and wholesale businesses. Now that local food has become big business, Target and Walmart are trying to get a piece of it, and even Amazon is delivering locally grown kale. This new demand has been a boon for many farmers across the country, especially   farmers equipped to sell in bulk new sales channels have been opened that they could never have accessed independently. Small farmers say they have no problem with new markets for local food they just don’t want them to be called C. S. A. s. Paula Lukats is the program director of Just Food, an advocacy and education group for local agriculture in New York State. She confirmed that after a peak in 2010, memberships in   agriculture groups have been going down “across the board. ” For the sake of clarity, she said, she wishes that middlemen would stop using the term “C. S. A. ” altogether. “The C. S. A. system was developed for consumers and for small farmers,” Ms. Lukats said. “The   was low prices and guaranteed income. Anything you put in the middle of that raises the prices for the consumer or takes away money from the farmer. ” But in interviews with farmers, policy makers and entrepreneurs, all parties agreed that for fragile local food systems to strengthen, consumers will have to be offered more choice and control over what they eat than is possible with a traditional C. S. A. “C. S. A.s are not for everyone, we know that,” said Maryellen Driscoll of Free Bird farm in the Hudson Valley. She estimated that her farm’s income will be down $32, 000 compared to last year from the loss of C. S. A. members. “What’s frustrating is that the copycats have such a lack of transparency, and it’s very easy for the real issues to be glossed over. ” The real issues facing C. S. A. farms and the food system are not confined to the New York metropolitan area. Judith Redmond, an owner of Full Belly Farm in Yolo, Calif. said that membership in its C. S. A. one of the oldest and biggest in California, has dropped this season after holding steady at 1, 200 (with a perpetual waiting list) since 1992. Ms. Redmond belongs to the Community Alliance With Family Farmers, a group that was instrumental in having the phrase “  Agriculture” codified by the California legislature, effective in 2014. It is the only state that has done so. Ben Shute of Hearty Roots said that there are financial risks for farmers in working through middlemen, and they are precisely the risks that C. S. A.s were designed to eliminate. “Some of them want to have real relationships with farmers, but some are shopping around for the best price,” he said. “When a farmer is growing a certain crop for them, and then they go elsewhere, what is that farmer supposed to do? The product is perishable. Its value has a short life span. ” Some of them have proved to have a short life span. In 2015, Good Eggs suddenly ended deliveries in Brooklyn, Los Angeles and New Orleans after just one year Farmstr, started with much fanfare in Seattle in 2013, also closed up shop in 2015. And in just the last two weeks, 15, 000 households in New York, New Jersey, Seattle and Northern California that subscribed to C. S. A.s through a company called Farmigo received boxes that would be their last, as the company abruptly shut down its food distribution operation  —   in the middle of the harvest season  —   to return to its core business: software. Farmigo, which started deliveries in 2013, fueled its rapid expansion with more than $25 million of venture capital, raised on the strength of a food distribution software platform that the founder, Benzi Ronen, claimed would eventually replace supermarkets altogether. Mr. Ronen said that was still inevitable. “I never saw a conflict with the C. S. A. s,” he said. “We saw a lot of customers leaving C. S. A.s because they wanted a more traditional market. So we built an online farmers’ market with 700 items. ” But the   logistics of washing, packing, refrigerating, distributing and delivering those items to 400 locations proved overwhelming. So Farmigo members lost out on this growing season, and scores of Farmigo farmers were left with fields and trailers full of unsold produce. Still, Mr. Ronen said he did not believe that traditional C. S. A.s are the answer. “I started as a   fanatic, all the way at the end of the spectrum,” he said. “But I’ve learned that if we want to grow the number of people who have access to this food, there have to be many approaches. ”",0
9303,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Miles Teller, Kelly Slater, And Meghan Markle Have To Say","Email Ever wonder what’s on the mind of today’s most notable people? Well, don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ Emails are pretty much the only way to communicate these days. Talking is over with. The second my grandma opens up her mouth to wish me a happy birthday, I tell her: ‘Send it in an email.’ ” —Miles Teller On email “ Waves should be so big that only Godzilla could surf on them. He should be world champion, and surfers should call him their friend. The world’s big surf competition should be called Godzilla Grand Prix. ” —Kelly Slater On surfing “ Prince Harry didn’t want someone dating him just because he’s a prince, so for the first few months I was seeing him, he wore a sack over his head and spoke in a low hiss, saying only, ‘I am not a prince.’ Finally he pulled off the sack and said, ‘I am actually a prince!’ I tried to act surprised, but honestly I’d smelled that he was a prince the moment I’d met him. ” —Meghan Markle",0
9304,What Just Happened at a Tim Kaine Rally is BAD NEWS For Hillary,"You are here: Home / US / What Just Happened at a Tim Kaine Rally is BAD NEWS For Hillary What Just Happened at a Tim Kaine Rally is BAD NEWS For Hillary October 27, 2016 Pinterest 
Forget Hillary Clinton … she can’t even get more than a handful of people to attend her rallies. 
So why on earth would you hold an event with Tim Kaine? Can they possibly expect more than three, maybe four people to show up? 
But that’s what they did at Lorain’s Admiral King High School in Ohio. They held the rally in the school’s gym, hoping to fill it up with students. Waiting for Vice Presidential candidate, Tim Kaine to speak at #Lorain Admiral King school. pic.twitter.com/A74ve1eKkF 
— Mary Springowski (@maryspring) October 27, 2016 
Students and other attendees (supporters, supposedly) wondered what the point of Kaine’s appearance was in the first place. 
https://twitter.com/MorixRogue/status/791666557881552897/photo/1 
Maybe it was (yawn!) Sen. Al Franken that got everyone all excited. Gearing up for Democratic Party nominee for Vice President Tim Kaine & Sen. Al Franken in #Lorain @LorainSchools @MorningJournal pic.twitter.com/47IucfCrsG 
— Carol Harper (@mj_charper) October 27, 2016 
So they get everyone together … they’re ready for the rally … and take a look at how absolutely massive the crowd is: 
— ✨Mori✨ (@MorixRogue) October 27, 2016 
I think – at most – there are 150 people there. 
Remember folks, Mike Pence, Donald Trump’s VP Pic spoke to an overflow crowd of more than 2,300 people in Utah on Wednesday.",0
9305,State Officials Demand Pastor’s Sermons in Massive Breach of His Rights,"BREAKING: FBI Dir. Announces Shock “Database” to Monitor Cops 
However, after a county Democrat official who was also a gay activist received one complaint about Walsh, Walsh was summarily fired by the agency. 
Walsh responded by filing a lawsuit against the state, alleging discrimination, which in turn met with an official demand that he turn over all of his sermons , related notes and a host of other documents, a demand he is resisting and that his legal team called “an excessive display of the government overreaching its authority and violating the sanctity of the church.” 
A statement from Walsh read: “No government has the right to require a pastor to turn over his sermons. I cannot and will not give up my sermons unless I am forced to do so.” Advertisement - story continues below 
Walsh has been supported in his resistance by Dave Welch , one of the Houston pastors who was similarly targeted, who stated, “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but Georgia’s demand is even worse than when the mayor of Houston demanded 17 different categories of materials, including sermons, from … us.” 
“First, this is state government coming after a pastor, not just a rogue mayor in one city,” Welch explained. “Also, the state is demanding much more material: sermons, sermon notes, all documents without even topical or time limits. It could even include margin notes in this pastor’s preaching Bible. It’s almost as if they are ransacking the pastor’s study.” 
“This sweeping demand is ominous and a threat to every pastor, every church, every denomination and every citizen of faith in America,” he added. 
Walsh has also received support from the Concerned Women for America organization, with CEO Penny Nance saying, “The words of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. that ‘(i)njustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere’ still reverberate today – especially as we witness the Gestapo-like tactics of his native state.” Advertisement - story continues below",0
9306,Scientists have heard unusual messages from deep space probably coming from aliens,"Scientists have heard unusual messages from deep space probably coming from aliens Please scroll down for video 
Recently scientists have heard unusual messages from the most distant stars in the observable universe that they think are extra-terrestrial. Upon new analysis of strange modulations in a tiny set of stars, 234 out of 2.5 million stars that have been observed during past surveyance of the sky, new evidence has been found that this tiny fraction of stars is behaving oddly. Aliens Are Trying To Make Contact With Us From Distant Stars. Scientists Say 
The new study reports the finding of specific modulations in just 234 out of the 2.5 million stars that have been observed during a survey of the sky. The work found that a tiny fraction of them seemed to be behaving strangely. No obvious explanation has been concluded for what is going on, leaving the scientists observing these phenomena theorizing that aliens are in fact trying to alert us to their existence. 
“We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis, ” write EF Borra and E Trottier in a new paper on this study. 
The Astronomical Society of the Pacific has published the journal under the title 'Discovery of peculiar periodic spectral modulations in a small fraction of solar-type stars'. Originally it was suggested that it be named 'Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence,' according to a pre-print version of the paper hosted online . 
Like with all scientific theories, further research will need to be undertaken to confirm or deny that hypothesis. This will be achieved by watching for the same signals using different technology so that many other possibilities of what it could be can be eliminated. 
Earlier this year an initiative called 'breakthrough listen' was set up to search for alien life which has even been supported by both Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg. Although they agree this news is promising, they also state that further evidence must be found before these signals can be “unequivocally attributed” to aliens. 
“The one in 10,000 objects with unusual spectra seen by Borra and Trottier are certainly worthy of additional study, ” the team said in a statement. “However, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence."" In fact, Internationally agreed-upon protocols for searches for evidence of advanced life beyond Earth (SETI) require anomalies to be confirmed by independent groups using their telescopes, and extraterrestrial agents can only be considered as an explanation when all natural phenomena are ruled out. 
This article (Scientists have heard unusual messages from deep space probably coming from aliens) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
9307,BECK: COMEY LETTER ‘ONE OF THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE THINGS TO EVER HAPPEN’,"Home › POLITICS › BECK: COMEY LETTER ‘ONE OF THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE THINGS TO EVER HAPPEN’ BECK: COMEY LETTER ‘ONE OF THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE THINGS TO EVER HAPPEN’ 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Monday on his radio show, while discussing the FBI reopening the investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, conservative host Glenn Beck said FBI director James Comey contacting Congress is “one of the most irresponsible things to ever happen.” 
Beck said, “For him to go for the subpoena and announce it and open this thing up when he says he doesn’t know if there’s even anything in those emails, that’s not too big of a risk for him, that is too big of a risk of anyone’s career, and not his, hers.” Post navigation",0
9308,GA Congressional Dem Candidate Ossoff: Not an Issue I Don’t Live in the District - Breitbart,"Dem. candidate for Georgia congressional seat @ossoff: Not an issue I don’t live in district, can’t  vote for myself https:  .  Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” Democratic congressional hopeful Jon Ossoff, who is reportedly one of the   in the special election to fill the vacancy in Georgia’s Sixth Congressional district left by   Secretary Tom Price, dismissed the relevance of not living inside of the district for which he is running.  Ossoff told   Alisyn Camerota he was living outside the district while his girlfriend finished medical school and planned on moving back once she finishes. “I grew up in this district,” he replied. “I grew up in this community. It’s my home. My family is still there. I’m a     down the street to support Alicia while she finishes medical school. It’s something I’ve been very transparent about. In fact, I’m proud to be supporting her career. As soon as she finishes her medical training, I’ll be 10 minutes back up the road into the district where I grew up. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
9309,WELCOME TO PARIS where tour buses have to navigate around all the new Muslim tent cities filling the streets,"BNI Store Oct 31 2016 WELCOME TO PARIS where tour buses have to navigate around all the new Muslim tent cities filling the streets Now that France has shut down the filthy Calais ‘jungle’ camp where thousands of illegal alien Muslim invaders had been squatting, Muslim tent cities are sprouting up all over the streets of Paris. Gee, I guess French tourism hasn’t taken a big enough hit yet, following several Islamic terrorist attacks.Â",0
9310,"Holy Voter Fraud: Reverends Caught on Cam, “We Tell Them Who To Vote For”","We Are Change 
In a new video investigating voter fraud released by Project Veritas Action Fund (PVA), a plot to bus impoverished voters – – told who to vote for – to the polls is caught on hidden camera.
In the video, PVA journalists posing as political consultants met Reverend Marlon Mack of Sweet Home Baptist Church in Gary, Indiana to discuss how to influence the election. Mack spoke of his political influence, prompting the PVA journalists to schedule a meeting with Reverend Mack and a friend of his, Reverend Marion Johnson, to see what their plans were for Election Day.
“We’ve got people to get on school buses and go to Indianapolis and the state houses and we just need you to show up,” said Mack.
“They didn’t even know what they were going down there for, all they know is the Pastor asked them,” said Johnson.
Mack and Johnson explained how they bus minority members of their community congregation to the polls and tell them how to vote.
“The thing is, I keep repeating this, our people getting to the polls. If we get our people to the polls they know who to vote for. It’s not going to be, ‘Oh who do I vote for?’ Because we’re going to tell them who to vote for,” said Johnson.
IRS code provides that 501 (c) 3 organizations cannot “Participate in, or intervene in, any political campaign on behalf of/in opposition to any candidate for public office.” Pastors and church staff should not be using church resources to engage in political campaigns.
“My thing is this. What I do is tell people who I am going to vote for. I say I’m voting for Hillary Clinton. And that’s automatically telling our congregation to vote for Hillary Clinton,” said Johnson…And you see all these vans rolling to the polls. With the name of the church and the pastor’s name on the side. And they know that the Pastor’s providing that. They know who they’re voting for. They know who they’re supporting,” said Johnson.
“We have church vans… I mean literally, we can have twenty vans roll up,” said Mack.
Reverend Mack and Reverend Johnson told PVA journalists times that they were sure their community would follow their lead at the polls, as long as they had the funds. They also were hoping that the PVA journalists would connect them with a donor to fund their “get out the vote” efforts and they had a very specific way they wanted the donation to be made so that a paper trail wasn’t left.
“He could possibly make the check to you. You cash the check and give cash. Or he could make the check to a particular church and then it works out as a charitable donation, because it looks like he just gave a donation to the church,” said Mack.
In an effort to avoid making their 501(c) 3 violation apparent, the Reverends suggested that the check be made as an anonymous charitable donation.
On Election Day, PV journalists traveled to Gary, IN to see if they would be told for whom to vote.
PV Journalist: “So should I just vote straight ticket Democrat?”
Mack: “That would be nice…you’re heading to the polls and don’t really have a lot of information to deal with issues…that would be probably the best bet…So prayerfully you’ll go in and just hit straight Democratic ticket and give us the help that we need.”
The post Holy Voter Fraud: Reverends Caught on Cam, “We Tell Them Who To Vote For” appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
9311,BREAKING: Syrian Air Force strikes Turkish forces,"November 25, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski -  



Three servicemen of the Turkish army were killed yesterday as a result of a Syrian airstrike in the Aleppo province,  the Turkish newspaper Hürriyet has reported citing the Turkish General Staff. The bombardment also injured 10 of Ankara’s soldiers. 
On Thursday, November 24th, an airstrike by Syrian military aviation with Turkish troops as its target was recorded for the first time since the beginning of Turkey’s illegal Euphrates Shield operation on the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic.  
Since August 24th, Erdogan’s forces have been engaged in operation Euphrates Shield in the Aleppo province without agreement from the government of Syria. The declared goal of the military operation is the clearing out of ISIS terrorists from the northern regions of Syria adjacent to Turkey. Many experts have called the real objective of the operation to be fighting against armed Kurdish groups. 
A military source has reported to Russian Spring that the strike hit Turkish occupation units in the vicinity of Al-Bab, where they, together with members of the bandit formation known as the Free Syrian Army, are attacking Kurds and ISIS.  
“Before the strike, the troops received several warnings that Syrian Air Force planes would bomb rebel positions north of Al-Bab. They were supposed to leave this territory of Syria,” the source said. 

Yesterday was the anniversary of the death of Russian air force pilot Oleg Peshkov and marine Alexander Pozynich, who were killed by Turkish military operations and pro-Turkish militants in Syrian Latakia.   

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
9312,First-Ever Footage of Aging Tar Sands Pipelines Beneath Great Lakes,"By Beth Wallace 
This past July, National Wildlife Federation (NWF) conducted a diving expedition to obtain footage of aging oil pipelines strung across one of the most sensitive locations in the Great Lakes, and possibly the world: the Straits of Mackinac . Footage of these pipelines has never been released to the public until now. 
This NWF map simulates a 3, 6 and 12 hour spill from the tar sands oil pipeline based on Enbridge spill response plans, average current speeds and “worse case” discharge estimates. 
The Straits of Mackinac pipelines, owned by Enbridge Energy, are 60-years-old and considered one of the greatest threats to the Great Lakes because of their age, location and the hazardous products they transport—including tar sands derived oil . 
For nearly two years, NWF has been pressing pipeline regulators and Enbridge to release information about the integrity of these pipelines, including inspection videos showing how the pipelines cross the Straits of Mackinac. These requests have gone largely unanswered from both Enbridge and the Pipeline Hazards Safety Administration (PHMSA), who regulates pipeline operations. Because Enbridge hastily moved forward with plans to increase pressure on the aging pipelines, and has bypassed critical environmental permitting for changes in operation, NWF decided we needed to obtain our own: 
The footage shows pipelines suspended over the lakebed, some original supports broken away—indicating the presence of corrosion—and some sections of the suspended pipelines covered in large piles of unknown debris. This visual is evidence that our decision makers need to step in and demand a release of information from Enbridge and PHMSA. 
Heightening our concern around this pipeline and the company that owns it: despite having cleared our dive work with the U.S. Coast Guard, several Congressional members and Homeland Security, our staff and the dive crew had uncomfortable interactions with Enbridge representatives. As soon as our team set out on the water, we were quickly accompanied by an Enbridge crew that monitored our every move. This monitoring did not stop at the surface: Enbridge also placed a Remote Operated Vehicle (ROV) into the water to watch our team. 
These actions and our video have raised our level of concern for the general operational behavior of this company and their overall safety culture—including the way they treat the concerned public living near their pipelines . If these aging pipelines rupture, the resulting oil slick would cause irreversible damage to fish and wildlife, drinking water, Lake Michigan beaches, Mackinac Island and our economy. 
To make matters worse, the recent shutdown of our federal government has left communities and wildlife with an increased risk of oil spills and failed response because pipeline safety and responding agencies have been scaled back or closed all together. The recent oil spill in North Dakota , of approximately 800,000 gallons, is living proof. 
This article was originally published on National Wildlife Federation’s Wildlife Promise .",0
9313,"Krauthammer: ’Childish,’ ’Pathetic’ Hillary Won’t Take Blame for Election Loss - Breitbart","Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer criticized 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for her remarks a day earlier at a tech conference in California.  Clinton avoided blaming herself for the loss, for which Krauthammer called “childish” and “pathetic. ” “Look, I know I’m in a minority with conservatives, but I actually feel sorry for her,” Krauthammer said. “I have a soft spot. It could be because I was in my youth a liberal. I retain the marshmallow deep inside of my heart that I try not to betray these days. But it’s a pathetic performance. It’s sort of childish. She can’t accept responsibility. She has practiced at this where she says  —   I love in one of her riffs she says was a perfect candidate? No. Did I make mistakes? Yes. These are rhetorical devices, whoever said she was a perfect candidate? She was a terrible candidate. She was the worst of imaginable. I mean just look at the fact she couldn’t shake the challenge of a    socialist, who, this is the best part about Bernie Sanders, honeymooned in the Soviet Union. She couldn’t shake his challenge for six months. ” “By the way, Lindsey Graham once said about Bernie and the Soviet Union, yes, and he never left,” he continued. “That was her challenge, and she had the DNC behind her. She complained about the DNC being against her. It’s not delusional. Losing an election, losing something you’ve been after for eight years probably 16 years is pretty hard. And I think her handlers are somebody who cares for her should have said don’t go out there. You wait a few more years, people will mellow to you. They want to remember details. Maybe they will have some affection for you. Michael Dukakis, Walter Mondale  —   these are people who didn’t elicit the same kind of antipathy she does because they didn’t wallow in  . ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
9314,Ivanka Trump to Head Review of U.S. Role in Paris Climate Change Agreement - Breitbart,"Ivanka Trump has been tapped by her father, President Donald Trump, to review the United States’ commitment to the Paris Climate Change agreement, signed by former President Barack Obama as an executive agreement in 2015 without congressional approval, the Associated Press is reporting. [The agreement requires countries to cut greenhouse emissions on a    basis, with Obama committing the U. S. to reduce carbon emissions by at least 26 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.  The U. S. is expected to have a representative at the United Nations’ climate change meeting in Bonn, Germany, next week but Trump’s advisers  —   including daughter Ivanka and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt  —   are meeting on Tuesday in Washington to decide whether to stick with or withdraw from the deal. Last month, in an interview with FOX and Friends, Pruitt said that the “Paris [agreement] is something that we need to really look at closely. It’s something we need to exit, in my opinion. It’s a bad deal for America. It was an America second, third, or fourth kind of approach. “China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030,” Pruitt added. “We   all of our costs. ” Trump, on the other hand, has expressed support for the agreement and has backing from some in the U. S. oil and gas industry, including Exxon Mobil, which was led by Rex Tillerson before he was nominated for Secretary of State, a post he now holds. “The industry campaign to stick with the Paris accord comes amid deep divisions in the Trump administration over the   agreement,” Bloomberg reported last month. “Both the president’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, Jared Kushner, a White House special adviser, have urged the president to stay in the deal, along with Tillerson. ” “The decision to participate in next week’s U. N. climate talks shouldn’t be construed as a sign that Trump has decided to stay in the Paris pact,” a State Department official told the AP. “To the contrary, the U. S. will be sending a ‘much smaller’ delegation than it has in years past, the official said, adding that they weren’t authorized to discuss specifics and requested anonymity from the AP. According to the United Nations, 144 of the 197 countries that signed the Paris agreement have ratified it. It is unclear which 53 countries have not ratified it.",0
9315,US Backed Saudi Airstrikes Kill 100 Yemenis In Two Days,"US Backed Saudi Airstrikes Kill 100 Yemenis In Two Days   Source: Jason Ditz, Antiwar.com 

People gather at the al-Zaydiya security headquarters that was destroyed by Saudi-led airstrikes Saturday, in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, Yemen, Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. Security and medical officials say dozens of prisoners and security personnel are feared dead after airstrikes battered two prisons inside the security headquarters. (AP Photo/Abdoo Alkarim Alayashy) 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers’ homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. 
Previous article from Anti-war.com From October 30th: 
Mostly destroyed and no longer usable, the prison in the Yemeni city of Hodeidah held 84 inmates until Saturday, when Saudi Arabian warplanes repeatedly bombed it, killing at least 60 of the people within and wounding dozens of others. 
The exact number of prisoners killed compared to guards is unknown, though prisoners are said to be the vast majority. The prison was leveled in the attack, according to witnesses, and rescue workers are still looking through the rubble, with others believed trapped within. 
Three airstrikes were targeted against the prison, with the first hitting it directly, bringing down the roof, and the follow-up attacks targeting the gates and the administration buildings. The Saudi coalition insisted the attacks were in keeping with targeting procedures, noting the prison was known to have Houthi security forces within. 
It is unclear who the prisoners generally were at the prison, but deliberately attacking a prison will doubtless add to concerns about Saudi Arabia’s standards for airstrikes against Yemen, which have killed massive numbers of civilians over the past 19 months. 
This article originally appeared in Anti-War.com Share This Article...",0
9316,Villager’s Execution in China Ignites Uproar Over Inequality of Justice - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   Zhou Yunfei, a technology executive who owns a villa in eastern China, did not have much in common with an impoverished farmer more than 500 miles away who was convicted of murdering a village chief with a nail gun. But when Mr. Zhou heard last week that the Chinese government had executed the farmer, Jia Jinglong, he was furious. He saw it as a sign that the ruling Communist Party was imposing harsh punishments on the most vulnerable members of society while coddling the   elite. “The legal system isn’t fair,” Mr. Zhou, 57, said, adding that local officials had “turned against the common people. ” President Xi Jinping has made restoring confidence in Chinese courts a centerpiece of his rule, vowing to promote “social justice and equality” in a legal system long plagued by favoritism and abuse. Since coming to power in 2012, he has led a   campaign against corruption, ensnaring thousands of   officials and even some of the party’s most senior leaders. But the furor over the execution of Mr. Jia, who had sought revenge on officials for demolishing his home, has raised doubts about Mr. Xi’s efforts, with people across the country publicly assailing inequities in the justice system and asking why   officials often escape the death penalty. “The perception is that the people are powerless and vulnerable against corrupt officials,” said Fu Hualing, a law professor at the University of Hong Kong. “What is surprising is that Xi Jinping has been in power for four years, and that narrative has not changed. ” The uproar has placed the party, which is working to tighten its grip on courts while promoting the idea of fairness, in an awkward position. Mr. Xi has cultivated an image as a champion of the people willing to take on corrupt officials of any stripe. Yet Mr. Jia’s case has reawakened concerns, especially among rural residents and members of the urban working class, that the Communist Party is protecting its own members. In fiery social media posts and   conversations, some have argued for making punishments against corrupt officials more severe. Others have suggested that China, believed to be the world’s top executioner, should substantially reduce its use of the death penalty against impoverished citizens. China’s leaders seem conflicted about how to respond to complaints of unfair treatment, which have plagued the judiciary for decades but have taken on new urgency as Mr. Xi attempts a    overhaul of the system. On the one hand, party leaders might be wary of exacerbating the anger felt by many Chinese people, who often side with villagers like Mr. Jia, seeing them as folk heroes standing up against venal forces. At the same time, Beijing might not want to be seen as endorsing an attack on a government official. And some party leaders may not like the idea of setting a precedent for using the death penalty against senior officials, at a time when critics of Mr. Xi say he is using the anticorruption campaign to go after political enemies. “There’s a strong incentive for the elite within the party to protect itself,” said Jerome A. Cohen, a New York University law professor. “People realize today they’re free, but tomorrow they could be the targets. ” In recent days, the party’s hesitation has seeped into public view. The government at first appeared to tolerate, and even encourage, debate about Mr. Jia’s case. Lawyers issued open letters pointing to flaws in the prosecution’s argument, and state media outlets published sanctimonious editorials calling for the court to show humanity. But as discontent spread on social media in the days leading up to Mr. Jia’s execution, the government reversed course and began censoring some online discussions about the case.   media organizations adopted a scolding tone, warning that public opinion had “hijacked” the case. People’s Daily, the party’s flagship newspaper, went a step further, arguing that citizens should not express contrarian views about court cases in public. “We can see that online public opinion can deviate from reason and even become a terrifying tool that kills humanity and conscience,” an editorial in the newspaper said. While the government has historically tolerated some debate about judicial decisions, Mr. Xi has generally sought to rein in dissent, especially when it gathers force online. Li Wei, an activist in Beijing who was imprisoned for two years under Mr. Xi for helping organize protests demanding financial disclosures from party leaders, circulated a   petition online in late October calling for Mr. Jia to be spared and for the government to adopt a “more humane” justice system. Soon his cellphone was buzzing with messages from university students, professors, security guards and others. He gathered 1, 274 signatures over a few days, he said, before the authorities shut down his social media accounts. “The   anticorruption campaign is not genuine,” Mr. Li, 45, said in an interview at a Beijing teahouse. “The reason why they were doing this is because they want to salvage the Communist Party regime. ” Chinese leaders appear to be working to counter perceptions that officials are being treated with kid gloves. Over the past year, party leaders have vowed to consider punishing officials who commit grave crimes, including stealing more than about $436, 000, with the death penalty. They have also introduced new forms of punishment aimed at corrupt officials, including lifetime jail sentences without the possibility of parole. But the government has yet to systematically invoke any of those punishments against prominent officials. And critics can point to a raft of recent cases in which powerful people and their families escaped the death penalty. There is the example of Zhou Yongkang, China’s former security chief, who was sentenced to life in prison last year for taking bribes and revealing state secrets he was the most senior leader to be jailed for corruption in more than 65 years of Communist rule. And many people note the case of Gu Kailai, the wife of one of China’s most prominent politicians, whose death sentence for the murder of a British business associate was commuted to life in prison last year. Fan Zhewang, 42, a teacher of Maoism at Xi’an University of Posts and Telecommunications in central China, said the treatment of Ms. Gu epitomized the inequities in the system. Mr. Fan said that while the government’s decision to execute Mr. Jia was legal, he was concerned that a lingering sense of injustice and resentment among villagers would prompt more violence against officials. “In the future,” Mr. Fan said, “I worry that people will just kill whole families of village chiefs. ” On Wednesday, a day after Mr. Jia was executed, a farmer in Yan’an, a northwestern city celebrated as a stronghold of the Communist revolution, was arrested and charged with killing a village official and several of his relatives, according to local reports. The man was said to be angry after officials seized his land. In the days after the execution of Mr. Jia, friends and relatives in his village in the northern province of Hebei circulated a poem he wrote while in prison in which he described being in a dreamlike state. “I’ll miss the smell of flowers,” he wrote, “and the serenity of grass, something I love. ” Villagers said they did not want to talk about the case anymore. A man who gave his last name as Li said residents had grown accustomed to suffering injustices at the hands of wealthy government officials. “Who do you turn to in order to vent your anger?” he said. “There’s no one we can seek help from. ” “Many people are angry,” he added, “but we don’t dare speak up. ”",0
9317,Still Not Thanking Native Americans,"Still Not Thanking Native Americans November 24, 2016 
Returned to its historical roots, Thanksgiving would be a day to express thanks to Native Americans whose generosity saved the Pilgrims, but that never seems to be a lesson learned, as Dennis J Bernstein reports on the Dakota pipeline standoff. 
By Dennis J Bernstein 
Late Sunday night — at the start of Thanksgiving week — Native American protesters were attacked by law enforcement agents near the site of the Dakota Access pipeline, a project that Native Americans and environmentalists have been trying to block. 
Police and other security forces deployed tear gas, rubber bullets, percussion grenades and water hoses to stop about 400 protesters from crossing the Blackwater Bridge on state Highway 1806, about a mile from an uncompleted section under Lake Oahe, a Missouri River reservoir, where work has been on hold by order of federal agencies. 
“As medical professionals, we are concerned for the real risk of loss of life due to severe hypothermia under these conditions,” the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council said in a statement posted on Facebook. One hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital, according to Jade Begay, a spokeswoman for the Indigenous Environmental Network. Protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline in St. Paul, Minnesota on September 13, 2016 (Fibonacci Blue Flickr) 
Sunday’s standoff began around 6 p.m. local time, when a group of about 100 “water protectors” attempted to clear burned out trucks that were blocking the bridge, which is on the most direct route from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation to Bismarck, North Dakota. The trucks have been in place for several weeks, and law enforcement has constructed a barricade behind them, forcing all traffic to take an approximately 20-mile detour. 
“The purpose of this action was to do something to remove that barricade because it’s dangerous,” said Begay, a member of the Tesuque Pueblo and Diné, who has been at the Standing Rock encampments since September. “That barricade poses a danger not just to everyone at the camp, but also to Cannon Ball and other communities that are south.” 
“They’re using that barricade as an excuse for us not to be able to lawfully protest,” said Frank Archambault, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe from Little Eagle, South Dakota. “We got word that the drill is now on the pad so tensions are high right now.” 
The 1,200-mile, four-state pipeline is intended to carry oil from western North Dakota to a shipping point in Illinois. But construction of the $3.8 billion pipeline has been protested for months by the Standing Rock Sioux, whose reservation lies near the pipeline route and there are fears a leak could contaminate the drinking water. They also worry that construction could threaten sacred sites. 
Cheryl Angel, an Elder member of the Rosebud Nation, was an eyewitness to what happened Sunday night [Nov. 20] in sub-freezing weather with water hoses. “Security” forces stationed at the Dakota Access pipeline construction spray protesters with pepper spray. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 
Cheryl Angel: I’m a member of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe. I am Sasusaku, Lakota. I currently live at Cannonball, to support Standing Rock, in their efforts to save the water that millions of Americans [depend upon]. [On the evening of November 20 th ], after a day of prayer and ceremony at all three camps, our security attempted to open the bridge by removing the burnt out trucks that the North Dakota authorities had put there themselves, and had started on fire themselves and left on the bridge. 
So our security forces tried to remove them from the bridge and the North Dakota authorities then decided to escalate their presence by calling in a militarized vehicle, and I’m going to say … maybe 100 more law enforcement vehicles. There were so many you couldn’t even count them. You need to understand that … what separates the tribe from the pipeline area that’s being excavated is the Cannonball River. At some points it’s about 40 feet wide, at other points it’s only 20 feet wide. But there is a bridge that connects between those two lands, those two boundaries. And that’s where the armored vehicles were parked that were already burnt out. 
Dennis Bernstein: And, in terms of what happened… we understand that a number of people were wounded with these tear gas canisters. We understand that they were using water hoses in, I guess, 20 – 25 degree [Fahrenheit] weather. Tell us more about that kind of violence. So people can really, you know, get a human face on what’s going on there. 
CA: I felt like I was in a war zone. I had … been called to a meeting so I was heading for the meeting. I could hear young warriors running through the camps, saying “Everybody to the north bridge.” So everybody answered the call. They got in their vehicles and they drove to the north bridge. So both sides of the road had cars facing north. People were walking on the sides of the road. The DAPL (Dakota Access Pipeline) being installed between farms, as seen from 50th Avenue in New Salem, North Dakota. August 25, 2016. (Tony Webster Flickr) 
I had taken a back path that the deer, the wildlife, use and I entered from between two hills on a deer path. And I walked through the trees up along the fence and then from that point on … there was flood lights, there was at least 40 floodlights on the north side of the river, about a quarter mile apart, along the entire path of that pipeline. So it’s like moonlight… it’s like daylight on the north side of the river. On the south side, not so much. And people had gathered there, they had… they were singing at the front line. They were playing music at the front line. They were chanting “Water is life.” 
By the time I had gotten there, people were coming back, soaked in water, and it was really cold out, and the wind had picked up. And truckloads of people with assistance had brought blankets and jackets, and water, and goggles and face masks. So when you entered the bridge you could look to your right and pick up a blanket, and pick up a goggle, and pick up a face mask, and you could walk further to where the encounter was taking place. 
So, I kept to the right of the bridge, and I went down to where the razor wire is, because it’s like a war zone there. I’m not kidding. They have floodlights, they have the tank right centered on the bridge, and there was no instructions. They … had a water cannon there. I heard throughout the night that they had used seven fire engine trucks. They emptied seven of them. It was unbelievable. I didn’t think that they would continue to water cannon people. And I asked them… I went to the front lines and said “Stop this… please go home. We’re here praying for you. We’ll find you new jobs. Pray with us, stand with us. We’re protecting the water for millions.” 
And they didn’t listen, they stood behind the barbed wire and they continued … they would lift their rifles and they would pick out, literally pick out, individuals in the crowd and they would shoot them. And so water protectors had plastic container tops, and they were using those as shields. And they were protecting people whenever they could. I was on the front line. I was very, very lucky, because I didn’t get shot. I got maced, I got peppered sprayed, I got water cannoned. A woman holds a sign protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. Opposite side reads: Water is Life. Washington, D.C. November 17, 2016. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
The force of a water cannon if you haven’t had one… it knocks you off your feet. And we had built fires to warm up the people who were soaking wet, in the frigid weather, people are shaking, they were drenched in water and tear gas. Our medics were out there in full force, doing what was necessary to keep people breathing. People were sharing their inhalers. Those who couldn’t breathe… it was unbelievable. I didn’t think that things would come to this end. But unless Obama stands up, unless people start calling their senators, our lives are in danger, not only the water, but our lives, are physically in danger. So, it hurts me to talk like this.But a call needs to be made. Hundreds of calls need to be made. 
Our water needs to be protected. We need support up here. We need wool blankets. We need wool clothes. We need to replenish our first aid kits. We need more thermal blankets. We need batteries. We need jerky. We need those snack bars that you eat, when you’re not able to eat a hot meal. Thermoses. We need… I think we need hundreds of thermoses, because we can’t even carry hot water with us anywhere we go. It was just unbelievable. It was… between being shot with water and then dodging bullets, I’m trying to deliver a peaceful message, and saying prayer. It was hard. 
I mean, I slid down the hill, I was knocked off the hill by a water cannon, people picked me up. There was a man standing right next to … a military vehicle, without any face protection, without any blanket and he was singing. And he kept singing, and they just kept spraying him over and over. I picked up an army blanket, I covered him up with it. I stood beside him. We sang together, we prayed together. And they still shot at us, they still maced us, and they still used the water cannon on whoever they wanted to… on everybody that was within their reach, everybody. 
And the fires that were started to protect everybody, to warm people up… those fires that were set to warm people up because there was no warming station at that site, were targeted by the police… were targeted by the water cannons. […] The fires that were keeping us warm, they intended on [extinguishing the fires that were there for warmth] and that was there intent. 
We didn’t start the fires, only the warming stations. The fires that were started randomly out in the field those were by the tear gas canisters that they were shooting off there. They were shooting canisters at us, into the crowd, everybody at one point thought they were trapped on the bridge because lights were coming over from the south of us. And those turned out to be our own warriors, our own water protectors, our own horse riders to support us. They stood up on the hill, on both sides of the bridge, on the south end, and we were down at the bottom on the bridge, up against the razor wire. I asked them to stop, repeatedly, repeatedly. They wouldn’t stop. They just kept going. Activists gather in Seattle to protest the Dakota Access Pipeline, September 2016. (John Duffy Flickr) 
But the thing that really hurt me the most, is when they were trying to put out the fires that were literally saving peoples’ lives. I had got knocked down and was totally drenched in water, I walked over to the fire to warm up and I was only there long enough to empty the water out of my shoes and then they started targeting the fires. So the protectors put up a shield. And for thirty seconds they stood there with a continuous blast of water, and they were totally drenched. And then they all split. First the water hit the fire and there was so much steam and smoke that came out of there. We were blinded. 
But there were two of us and we grabbed one of those Teflon, Mylar body armors, and we stretched it between us, and we knelt down on it, and held it between us, we crouched together, we covered one end of the fire. And we just sat there and we prayed. And they kept putting the water over us, until we were completely drenched, again, over and over. 
And I could hear a young girl, when the smoke cleared, she was saying “grab the logs, grab the logs” and so people ran over, they grabbed the logs out of the fire and they ran a few yards south, put them together and started another fire, so people could warm up before they were taken to the medic tents. Because there were hundreds of people soaking wet. They weren’t dressed in wool. 
When I make a call out for clothing it’s not for any cotton, it’s not for polyester, it’s for waterproof jackets and there’s hardly any waterproof tents at all, snow pants, snow bibs, anything that’s waterproof, and wool. We need wool sweaters, wool socks, wool gloves, wool jackets. Those are the things that we need right now. 
I wish the Red Cross would show up. I really do wish that whoever has power to send the Red Cross over there [would]. We could do that because we are in a state of emergency. That’s how it was on the front line. The #NoDAPL water Protectors took non-violent direct action by locking themselves to construction equipment. This is “Happy” American Horse from the Sicangu Nation, hailing from Rosebud. August 31, 2016 (Desiree Kane, Wikipedia) 
DB: It’s really important … you sort of hit this really hard but just to underline it… because places like NPR and the local police are saying that they had the water there because you all were starting fires, and that you were throwing Molotov cocktails. That was the story that was coming out of the police, and the local press. You want to talk a little bit more about that? 
CA: I’m not afraid to call a liar to their face. If they’re going to post things like that they should be standing on the front lines, getting eyewitness testimony, instead of just passing on the lies [that] the sheriff, … and the governor of North Dakota, and the DAPL are putting out. Because they are taking their own words and using them against the people, to not know the truth. And that should be a crime. It should be. 
If I was lying to get people to hurt other people, would I be called a good person? Would I be fit to wear a uniform? Would I be fit to lead a state? I don’t think so. Not according to the values that America claims that it follows. And so, NPR, get on the front line, take your own video, because you weren’t there. So I would like all these major media outlets to quit reprinting lies that are undocumented, undocumented statements from the police. 
All that happened is our security wanted to open that road, because it is a public road. And that’s what they said to us when we had our vehicles parked on it. On October 24th they said “go on” they said “we need to open the road. It’s a public road. Move your cars.” So why can’t we move those 3 trucks off the bridge? It’s a public road. That’s how it all started. 
DB: But those are two burnt trucks? 
CA: That the military forces had placed there themselves. The North Dakota officials put those there and they started them on fire. And before they left they said, “Please stay away from the vehicles. They have propane inside of them, they’re explosive devices.” Which, of course, made everybody to move back from the bridge. And they left them there. And then they put razor wire, which is also unconstitutional. You cannot use that type of razor wire. I mean you only see those in war zones. You don’t see them in the United States. But I’m starting to feel we’re in a war zone. So it’s a battle, people. We need bodies, up front. 
We need the world to know that water is a precious commodity and it is sacred to natives. When you understand its relationship to life you will understand the sacredness of it. And we need your support. We need this economy to stop being the oil and gas industries, it’s not good for our country. We need to divest from fossil fuels, and start being a leader in the world by adopting a green policy and getting new jobs for these people who are in the oil industry. Thank you for listening to me. My flight is about to leave. And I’m leaving for ceremony. I’ll be in ceremony for four days. And I’ll be available after four days. And things will probably change by then too. 
Dennis J Bernstein is a host of “Flashpoints” on the Pacifica radio network and the author of Special Ed: Voices from a Hidden Classroom . You can access the audio archives at www.flashpoints.net . [To support the DAPL protesters, click here .]",0
9318,"Netanyahu On Purim: Like Ancient Persia, Modern Iran Will Fail To Destroy Jews - Breitbart","TEL AVIV  —   Just as the Persians failed to wipe out the Jewish nation some 2, 500 years ago, the Iranians of today will also fail, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Saturday night on the eve of the Jewish holiday of Purim. [The prime minister made his remarks before the reading of the Scroll of Esther at the central synagogue in Caesarea, the Jerusalem Post reported. He turned to the children surrounding him in costumes traditionally worn on Purim and asked them: “What is the holiday about, what do we celebrate, what do we remember, what did they try to do to us then?”  Several children replied, “To kill us. ” “Where?” Netanyahu asked. “In Persia,” they answered. “Did they succeed?” the prime minister asked. “No,” one child said, “the opposite happened. ” “It didn’t happen, the opposite happened,” Netanyahu repeated. “Also, today they want to destroy us from Persia they will not succeed. ” His comment was met with applause from the congregation. On Thursday, Netanyahu compared the Islamic Republic to ancient Persia in his comments to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I thank you for your good wishes on Purim,” the prime minister told Putin. “Some 2, 500 years ago in ancient Persia, there was an attempt to wipe out the Jews, which did not succeed, and which we commemorate with this holiday. ” Today, Netanyahu said, Iran  —   the heir of the Persians  —   has similar designs: to wipe out the state of the Jews. “They say this clearly, and it is etched on their ballistic missiles,” he said. However, Putin seemed to shoot down the analogy, saying the Purim story took place “in the fifth century B. C. ” “We now live in a different world. Let us talk about that now,” Putin said. In his speech to a special joint session of the U. S. Congress in March 2015, Netanyahu famously evoked the Purim story when explaining the threat posed by the nuclear deal signed by   Barack Obama. “We’re an ancient people,” he said. “In our nearly 4, 000 years of history, many have tried repeatedly to destroy the Jewish people. Tomorrow night, on the Jewish holiday of Purim, we’ll read the Book of Esther. We’ll read of a powerful Persian viceroy named Haman, who plotted to destroy the Jewish people some 2, 500 years ago. But a courageous Jewish woman, Queen Esther, exposed the plot and gave for the Jewish people the right to defend themselves against their enemies. The plot was foiled. Our people were saved. ” He continued by saying that Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Haman’s   heir, had similar plans for the Jewish nation. “But I can guarantee you this,” he said, “the days when the Jewish people remained passive in the face of genocidal enemies  —   those days are over. ”",0
9319,В ответ на западные санкции русские перестали умирать,"0 комментариев 3 поделились Фото: архив Pravda. Ru 
За январь-август 2016 года умерли около 1,27 миллиона человек. ""Это на 21,8 тысячи человек или на 1,7% меньше, чем за соответствующий период 2015 года"", — отметил глава Минтруда. Снижение числа умерших зарегистрировано в 73 регионах. В ряде регионов, включая Республику Алтай, Забайкальский край, Костромскую область, Севастополь, темпы снижения числа умерших составили более 5%. 
С чем связаны такие положительные цифры, Pravda. Ru рассказал ведущий научный сотрудник международной лаборатории политической демографии и макросоциологической динамики ВШЭ, демограф Андрей Коротаев. 
""Главный фактор естественного прироста в эти годы, в эти месяцы этого года, не столько рост рождаемости (он не очень большой), сколько заметное снижение смертности в первые семь месяцев"", — отметил эксперт. Связано это с внедрением — Единой государственной автоматизированной информационной системы (ЕГАИС), которая обеспечила эффективный контроль над продажами алкоголя и резко снизила количество продаваемого нелегального. 
Андрей Коротаев добавил, что в нашей стране официальные продажи выросли, но реальное употребление алкоголя сократилось, потому что алкоголь стал менее доступен. Легальный алкоголь дороже нелегального. Поэтому главный фактор снижения смертности в стране и вообще любого колебания этого показателя принято связывать с алкогольным фактором. ""Благодарим Росалкогольрегулирование"", — объяснил собеседник Pravda. Ru. 
Что касается рождаемости, по мнению демографа, с ней в ближайшее время появятся серьезные проблемы. Всему причина — замораживание материнского капитала — мера абсолютна несвоевременная. Но на данном этапе рождаемость все же растет, на нее влияет региональная политика. В Хабаровске, например, при рождении третьего ребенка полностью погашается размер ипотеки. 
Эксперт Pravda. Ru рассказал, что весь этот позитивный эффект краткосрочен. Стоит готовиться к падению рождаемости и росту смертности. ""ЕГАИС добились заметного снижения смертности, но сейчас, на фоне замораживания акцизов, разговоров про то, чтобы понижать минимальную цену на водку, боюсь, что у нас и смертность начнет расти уже в ближайшее время"", — спрогнозировал демограф Андрей Коротаев. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
9320,IT’S OVER: Hillary Clinton Wakes To Devastating News,"IT’S OVER: Hillary Clinton Wakes To Devastating News Posted on October 30, 2016 by Prissy Holly in Politics Share This 
On Friday, the FBI dropped an unbelievable bomb on Hillary Clinton, announcing they were reopening the investigation into her private server. While Hillary’s previous scandals have had little effect to deter her presidential bid,Â that doesn’t appear to be the case this time. In aÂ stunning turn of events, newÂ evidence is revealing that Democrats are now turning on Hillary by the droves. 
Immediately after the news hit of the FBI’s new investigation, Hillary held a press conference where she urged Americans to “get out and vote early,” apparently realizing her supporters would change their minds once whatever’s in those emails leaks to the public. But unfortunately for Hillary, her evil scheming is not going to get her off so easy this time around. These same “early voters” she was targeting in her speech have now begun to jump ship, as a devastating new poll reveals. 
Voting is indeed underway. But in several states, not only has the FBI announcement changed their mind or persuaded them not to vote for Clinton, there are many going to the polls to change their votes,Â The Independent Journal revealed.Â 
States allowing voters to change their early votes include many key battlegroundÂ states such as Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. Reports are revealing that many earlyÂ voters are flocking to the polling offices to switch their votes, proving that the fallout from the reopened investigation is devastating Hillary’s presidential bid. Here's a list of States that will allow early voters to change their early vote following the reopening of the FBI probe. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/ggPZDmgBNw 
— Jared Wyand đşđ¸ (@JaredWyand) October 29, 2016 
Even liberal-biased polls are revealingÂ a shatteringÂ impact on Hillary’s previous lead. The sameÂ ABC/WaPo poll that had Hillary Clinton up four points Â over Trump early last week now shows them in almost a dead heat.Â As of Saturday, only two points separate the candidates now. 
So just how many voters are switching their ballots to Trump? According to one poll conducted byÂ NJ.com, 24% of theÂ 18,029 people polledÂ said they would be ditching Hillary in the light of recent events.Â While some might argue that the online poll is unscientific, even if half that percentage switches sides, it would guarantee a landslide win for Trump. 
For months, we’ve been patiently waitingÂ for WikiLeaks to drop a bombshell that would end Hillary. How ironic would it be that in the end, a slime-ball fromÂ Hilary’s own party in the form of Anthony Weiner would be the one to destroy herÂ chance of becoming president? It’s poetic justice if you ask me.",0
9321,Professor Watchlist Is Seen as Threat to Academic Freedom - The New York Times,"A new website that accuses nearly 200 college professors of advancing “leftist propaganda in the classroom” and discriminating against conservative students has been criticized as a threat to academic freedom. The site, Professor Watchlist, which first appeared Nov. 21, says it names those instructors who “advance a radical agenda in lecture halls. ” “We aim to post professors who have records of targeting students for their viewpoints, forcing students to adopt a certain perspective,   abuse or harm students in any way for standing up for their beliefs,” wrote Matt Lamb, an organizer of the site. The Professor Watchlist is a project of Turning Point USA, a nonprofit organization that says its mission is to educate students about “true free market values. ” Charlie Kirk, its founder and executive director, wrote in a blog post that “it’s no secret that some of America’s college professors are totally out of line” and that it was time to expose them. But Julio C. Pino, an associate professor of history at Kent State University in Ohio who is among those named on the site, said in an interview, “What we are seeing with this site is a kind of normalizing of prosecuting professors, shaming professors, defaming professors. ” “The broader issue it raises is: What kind of country is America going to become in the next four years?” he added. Professor Pino said professors should not fight the creators of the list directly but instead seek allies on and off campus to address what gave rise to the atmosphere that allowed the website to flourish in the first place. The professor is listed on the site because, it says, he faced investigation by the F. B. I. “for connections to ISIS. ” He declined to address the allegations, but has denied any ties to the terrorist organization and has spoken out against violence, according to The Plain Dealer in Cleveland. Mr. Lamb, a director of constitutional enforcement and transparency at Turning Point USA, said in an email that the website was “simply aggregating” professors whose actions have been the subject of news reports. “This site is a beautiful example of freedom of speech,” Mr. Lamb said. “Professors can say whatever they want, other people can report it and we can compile the reports on whatever they say. ” The website has thin information in its entries and a    search function. That could be a reflection of how rapidly it was created to capitalize on the political climate, particularly after the election of Donald J. Trump as president, Professor Pino said. Among those featured is Melissa Click, a former University of Missouri professor who was caught on video calling for “some muscle” to remove a journalist from a student demonstration in 2015. The university later fired Ms. Click. One of the instructors listed, Joan Neuberger, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin who teaches Russian history, was described on the site as leading a petition to bar students who carry concealed weapons from entering classrooms “in violation of Texas law. ” But Professor Neuberger said in an email that the characterization was inaccurate. “The law had not been finalized yet when we were petitioning,” she said, adding that the website showed no commitment to posting factual information. Professor Pino said Professor Watchlist was a “reboot” of similar past efforts, such as Discover the Networks by the conservative activist David Horowitz.   Tiede, the associate secretary for the department of academic freedom, tenure and governance at the American Association of University Professors, said in an interview: “There is a continuing cycle of these sorts of things. They serve the same purpose: to intimidate individuals from speaking plainly in their classrooms or in their publications. ” He noted in a blog post that the monitoring of organizations and people deemed “radical” dated to 1934, when the conservative political activist Elizabeth Dilling published “The Red Network: A ‘Who’s Who’ and Handbook of Radicalism for Patriots. ” Among the organizations listed in her work were the American Federation of Teachers and the American Civil Liberties Union. Ms. Dilling wrote that the federation supported “full ‘academic freedom’ to teach anything, including socialism, communism or atheism,” according to the blog post. Mr. Tiede said the site could be used to harass professors or sabotage them from gaining jobs or promotions. And some professors were submitting their own names to the website as a way to emphasize the absurdity of the list, he added. Others took to Twitter to highlight parody submissions, such as Albus Dumbledore from “Harry Potter” and the Professor from the television series “Gilligan’s Island. ” The submission for the latter character read in part: “Spent almost 30 minutes building a working radio out of coconuts but failed to maintain a working signal in the end. ” Some in academic circles said professors should not overreact to the site, but should not ignore it either. “In the past, I have taken the position that we ignore such challenges to free speech and the hate mail that usually accompanies it, but no longer,” Professor Neuberger said. “Now I say we fight as hard as we can against people who don’t care about accuracy, who can’t recognize fake news and who seek to monitor what we do as educators. ”",0
9322,Anne Hathaway: ’Hollywood Is Not a Place of Equality’,"Actress Anne Hathaway called out what she described as Hollywood’s double standards for women in an interview for this month’s cover story of Elle magazine. [“Hollywood is not a place of equality. I don’t say that with anger or judgment it’s a statistical fact,” Hathaway said when asked what it’s like to star in Ocean’s Eight, the   spinoff of the 2001 casino heist caper Ocean’s Eleven. “And even though I’ve been in some   films, I’ve never been in a film like this. ”  The Academy   says filming a movie starring seven other   actresses forced her to come to grips with their shared struggled in the film industry in a way that male actors probably don’t think much about. “It just kind of makes you aware of the ways you sort of unconsciously change yourself to fit certain scenarios. It’s not better or worse or right or wrong, but there are certain things you understand about one another because of experiences you have in common  …    it’s probably easy for men to take that for granted,” Hathaway said. “Just being on a set where I’m the one who possesses that ease is really something,” she said of filming alongside Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Rihanna, Sarah Paulson, Mindy Kaling, Awkwafina, and Helena Bonham Carter. “It’s a nice alternative narrative. ” As U. N. Goodwill Ambassador for Women, Hathaway advocates for paid parental leave in the United States. In a speech last week before the United Nations, the    actress and mother championed the United States’ Family and Medical Leave Act, which would grant new parents 12 weeks of unpaid maternity leave. “I can’t believe we don’t already have it,” she told Elle. Hathaway is hardly the only actress to call out Hollywood and the film industry’s treatment of its female stars. Other actresses who have commented on the issue recently include Jennifer Garner, Kristen Stewart, Melissa McCarthy, Helen Mirren and Sienna Miller.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
9323,State Supreme Court Rules Mississippi Judge Can Call Herself ’JudgeCutie’ - Breitbart,"The Mississippi State Supreme Court ruled that a county court judge can call herself by the nickname “JudgeCutie” in one of the fastest decisions the court has made in years. [After justices had heard arguments for two days, the court ruled to dismiss a lawsuit filed by the state Commission on Judicial Performance against Gay   that stated she was using her profession as a judge with her online presence as a means of promoting herself as a musical performer and motivational speaker, the Associated Press reported.  The complaint stated that  ’s online profile contained her opinions about what she thought of her profession as a Forrest County justice court judge, such as wearing her judge’s robe in a photo that graced the cover of a book about all her social media posts.  ’s attorney, Oliver Diaz, argued before the Mississippi State Supreme Court that other judges used names that others might not consider as dignified, such as Judge Noah “Soggy” Sweat. Sweat served as a circuit court judge from 1966 to 1974. Diaz said the commission unfairly targeted her client because she was a woman. “It was a frivolous filing,” Diaz said of the complaint. Court documents say “JudgeCutie” was inspired by the TV judge “Judge Judy. ” Justices said   did not violate the Mississippi Code of Judicial Conduct, the Daily Mail reported. Justice court judges in the state of Mississippi are elected to their positions and work on a   basis. These judges preside over cases in small claims court of $3, 500 or less, misdemeanor criminal cases, and traffic violations that take place outside city boundaries.",0
9324,Bernie Sanders Won't Rule Out Running In 2020,"On Thursday, socialist septuagenarian Bernie Sanders, 75, said he wouldn’t necessarily rule out running for president in 2020, when he will be nearly 80.  ",0
9325,Poll: Transgender Goal Supported by Only 22.7 Percent of Americans - Breitbart,"A new survey shows that fewer than    Americans agree that people should be allowed to freely change their legal sex by switching their preferred “gender identity. ”[Only 22. 7 percent of people in the poll said people should be allowed to change their recorded sex or “gender identity” on government documents whenever they wish, said the poll. That political support from progressives for “gender fluid” laws is far greater than the estimated 0. 04 percent of the population which wishes to live as members of the opposite sex.   In contrast, 44. 6 percent of respondents said people should be allowed to switch their legal sex, but only after first complying with medical or government criteria.   percent opposed any   change to identity documents, and 17. 1 percent declined to answer.  The lopsided results were revealed in a survey conducted by Ipsos for the Williams Institute, a   advocacy group at the University of California at Los Angeles. The institute downplayed Americans’ views by touting the views of foreigners in Peru, Sweden, Turkey,  Belgium, and other countries, all of whom are entitled to set their own national rules on sex. The Williams organization also did not reveal the precise language of the questions, which can skew the respondents’ answers. For example, the press release from the Williams Institute steals a political base or two by declaring the existence of “Transgender Rights,” even though the   legal rights have not been approved by voters in the United States. The lopsidedly normal results in the poll are a problem for gay groups and other progressives, who insist that people be allowed to freely change their legal sex, even without surgery or medical checks.  That radical position is intended by gay groups and feminists to blur the normal sex distinctions that are the basis of male and female civic institutions. If won via a court case, their goal would fundamentally transform   sports leagues and women’s shelters free speech, law enforcement, and social cooperation science education, parental guidance of children’s sexual development and health, such as the Boy Scouts.  That   goal is opposed by most conservatives, most moderates and by some gays, former transgender people, and feminists.  However, President Barack Obama’s deputies accepted that    claim in 2016 by formally insisting that the federal definition of a person’s sex  —   their biology  —   be replaced by a person’s chosen “gender identity. ” This means that a man, according to the White House, could be a legal male in the morning and a legal female in the afternoon  —   and other Americans must treat him as a male or female according to his current preferences, regardless of science or the impact on   civic institutions.  This revolutionary political push has a revolutionary goal  —   to equalize the social status of minority sexual cultures with the status of heterosexual families who birth and rear each new generation of Americans. That goal requires that Americans show as much respect to a childless gay man as they do to heterosexual parents who risk decades of their lives, and spend a huge amount of their money, trying to birth and raise several accomplished children. That goal is deeply unpopular among Americas. An April poll by Civitas showed that only 7 percent of 600 North Carolinians supported a judge’s demand “ordering girls and boys in public middle schools to share locker room, bathroom and shower facilities. ” The demand was strongly opposed by 72 percent of respondents. The vast majority of Americans have long recognized the existence of people who wish to live as members of the other sex. Americans’ polite     culture allows them to ignore most occasions when the reality becomes apparent, and even to support some legal conveniences for men and women trying to accomplish the very difficult goal of living as members of other sex. For example, North Carolina’s compromise   law allows people to change their legal sex after undergoing medical procedures. That law was passed in April to block the city of Charlotte’s radical ordinance that allowed people to switch “gender identity” as they prefer.  The   compromise, however, is fiercely opposed by gay groups who insist that the reality of biological sex should be ignored in favor of individuals’ choices. The gay groups generally oppose any medical or scientific definitions of a person’s legal sex. In November, the gay advocacy groups and their allies narrowly defeated the incumbent governor, Pat McCrory, after getting their business allies in universities and Silicon Valley to stage an apparent business boycott of the state.  However, the GOP legislature is refusing the repeal the compromise   law, which ensures that legislators  —   not judges, cities or individuals  —   can preserve the distinction between male and female by clearly setting the   legal definition of male and female. Update: Full details about the poll can be downloaded here. The critical table is on page 90 of the longer file, and it shows how the respondents’ attitudes vary by sex, age, region, income and class.   ",0
9326,HUMA IS JUST ‘ONE OF MY STAFFERS’ AFTER CLOSE AIDE GETS LEFT BEHIND ON OHIO CAMPAIGN TRIP,"Home › POLITICS › HUMA IS JUST ‘ONE OF MY STAFFERS’ AFTER CLOSE AIDE GETS LEFT BEHIND ON OHIO CAMPAIGN TRIP HUMA IS JUST ‘ONE OF MY STAFFERS’ AFTER CLOSE AIDE GETS LEFT BEHIND ON OHIO CAMPAIGN TRIP 1 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton blasted the FBI again Monday – and this time brought up the bureau’s probe into emails maintained by longtime aide Huma Abedin – dismissing the idea she did anything wrong while minimizing the close role of her staffer. ‘Now they apparently want to look at emails of one of my staffers – and by all means they should look at them,’ Clinton said, bring up the FBI attack at the start of a rally before a room packed with students at Kent State University. ‘And I am sure they will reach the same conclusion they did when they looked at my emails for the last year. There is no case here. And they said it wasn’t even a close call,’ Clinton said. The staffer Clinton failed to name was Abedin, who has been at her side since Clinton was first lady. Clinton considers her like a surrogate daughter as well as longtime confidant. Abedin has been known for years to be Clinton’s gatekeeper, and has been revealed in State Department emails as someone constantly consulted on matters relating to Bill Clinton, top donors, close friends, celebrities, who gets face time with the first lady, and paid speeches that pose potential conflicts. ‘I’m sure a lot of you may be asking what this new email story is about and why it he world the FBI would decide to jump into an election with no evidence of any wrongdoing with just days to go,’ Clinton asked early in her remarks, before adding, ‘That’s a good question.’ Clinton hammered the FBI over the weekend, after news broke Friday about the investigation. Since then, senior Democrats have taken up the cause. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid released a blistering letter where he wrote that FBI Director James Comey violating Hatch Act provisions on government employees interfering in an election. As she unloaded on the agency this time, Clinton also offered up words of contrition. ‘For those of you who are concerned about using personal email, I understand,’ she said. ‘And as I’ve said, I’m not making excuses. And I’ve said it was a mistake and I regret’ it, Clinton said. Then she turned to attack Donald Trump for having a ‘hair-trigger temper’ that could imperil the entire world. Post navigation",0
9327,Time and a Relentless Clock Weigh on Hamburg Soccer Team - The New York Times,"HAMBURG, Germany  —   Workplaces often display a particular type of signage: “This Department Has Worked __ Days Without An Accident. ” These notices, with their hopefully ascending numbers, are meant to remind employees of institutional standards, of individual responsibilities, of the importance of mindfulness and consistency. The Hamburger S. V. clock is sort of like that. Displayed prominently in the northwest corner of Hamburg’s cavernous home, the Volksparkstadion, the clock marks the total time, down to the second, that the team has spent in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German soccer. Last Friday, the digital numbers, glowing in white, ticked relentlessly upward when the club hosted Bayer Leverkusen: 53 years, 163 days, 3 hours, 31 minutes, 28 seconds at kickoff, all without an accident. As you read this sentence, they continue to mark the days, the hours, the seconds. In Hamburg, the simple act of keeping time commemorates an essential fact of the club’s identity. A founding member, it has played continuously in the Bundesliga since the league’s first competitive moments, on Aug. 24, 1963, at 5 p. m. It is a distinction no other German club can boast. Not the former European champion Borussia Dortmund. Not Hamburg’s Nordderby rival, and fellow founding member, Werder Bremen. Not even mighty Bayern Munich. All this helps explain the complicated angst once again shadowing this city’s biggest team. Pride outstripped performance here long ago. After decades of producing quality soccer  —   Hamburg has three Bundesliga titles on its résumé, and it reigned as the champion of Europe at the end of the   season  —   the club is currently mired in a yearslong rut. Hamburg narrowly avoided its first relegation in 2012, and has survived two even closer calls since then. Now, a stream of losses this season has once again plunged the club toward the bottom of the standings. And the clock, a    reminder of the club’s venerated past, has in effect become a scale measuring in real time the incessantly mounting weight of history. “I don’t know if it’s a blessing or a curse right now,” said Toben Baumgarten, 24, a fan of the team since childhood. “This can be a point of pressure on the team. They have to keep the clock running. ” Hamburg moved up one place last weekend to 16th in the   league, with 15 games remaining. In the Bundesliga, the bottom two teams at the end of the season are automatically relegated. The    team must play a   playoff series against the   team from the second division, with the winner awarded the final spot in the upper tier. Hamburg grabbed that lifeline in 2014 and 2015, pulling itself to safety and keeping its clock ticking. The club’s poor play, for now, has not much dampened its support. There were 45, 653 fans at the game on Friday, many of them eager to diagnose the team’s ills, to offer variations on similar themes: The players are afraid to lose history has handcuffed the club moves geared toward     have suppressed big, fresh ideas. According to Bobby Wood, an American striker who joined the club last May on a   contract, it does not take long for new players to grasp the depth of the club’s history, to absorb its pride  —   or to inherit its emotional baggage. It’s hard to avoid: In 2014, a small, digital version of the clock was mounted in the front window of the team bus. “You don’t want to be a guy on the team that gets relegated after all these years,” Wood said. “Just because we never got relegated doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen, so you can’t think it’s not going to happen. If we continue this way, we will get relegated. We have to get out of that mentality, start realizing we’re in a bad situation, and do something different to get out of it. ” Things have not always been this dire. Hamburg, which has played in Germany’s top tier since the modern incarnation of the club was formed in 1919, has captured six domestic league titles over all, and three German Cups. It won the European Cup in 1983, in the midst of a golden era that ran from the   to the  . When the first clock was installed in 2001, the team was mired in a spell of mediocrity that has extended to the present day. Back then it was a marker of pride as well as time. “We weren’t winning trophies at that point, so you look for the one thing everyone was proud about,” said Alexander Iwan, who was 7 years old when he watched Hamburg win the 1987 German Cup, the club’s last significant trophy. He still stands on the terraces every weekend, just below the clock, to sing alongside the team’s other   fans. Twelve years ago, his university studies and sports loyalties fortuitously merged when he began working as a historian for the team. Sometimes, while giving tours of the stadium, Iwan will direct his guests’ attention to the clock and mention Bayern Munich, the biggest club in Germany. Bayern has never been relegated either, but, crucially, it was not a founding member of the Bundesliga, and only played its way in in 1965. “They win two trophies a year,” Iwan tells them about Munich. “But we have this. ” Iwan said the clock serves as a reminder of the club’s pedigree, regardless of its current state. No matter what, he added, it is loaded with meaning. “It shows everything  —   all the history, all the problems  —   at once,” he said. Hamburg won its game on Friday at the Volksparkstadion,   with a workmanlike performance against visiting Leverkusen. The players launched themselves into tackles, skidding around the damp field, earning appreciative applause from the crowd. Around the 28th minute, and for the next several minutes, fans belted out a popular club song, which borrows the melody of “We’re Not Gonna Take It” by Twisted Sister: Sechs mal Deutscher meister,   German champion, Drei mal pokalsieger,   cup winner, Immer erste liga, H. S. V.! Always first division, H. S. V.! What would happen if the team got sent down? The song, for one thing, would disappear with the last tick of the clock. Patrik Voss, 31, predicted frustrations would boil over in vivid ways. “I think many people would be aggressive, angry,” he said. “Some riots, protests, might go on. ” The clock, Voss presumed, would be removed, never to be seen again. But others on Friday suggested it should be saved, perhaps used to count down to some predetermined deadline for promotion. And some said relegation might even serve as an overdue notice for the organization. Such thought exercises have been more common over the last five years, mental gymnastics amid the   and the relegation playoff escapes. The clock, in the process, has sometimes become an object of jokes and scorn. Iwan said local newspapers often use headline puns playing on timepiece imagery. Sometimes, they have replaced text headlines altogether with images of the clock. Many fans have grown more cynical. “I think if we were not successful right now, we wouldn’t be so proud about always being in the league,” said Baumgarten, the young fan. “It’s more like there’s nothing else to be proud about, so you talk about the history a lot. ” Sipping a beer before Friday’s game, Baumgarten recalled going to a Hamburg game as a child and listening to his father explain the clock’s meaning. He was impressed, and the feeling stuck with him through the years as his devotion to the club grew. “I hope if I come here with my own son one day, I can show him the clock,” he said, smiling at his sudden sentimentality. “We’ll see. ”",0
9328,De Pasquale - The Key to an Easy Trump Win: Rebuild Our Airports Without Taxpayer Dollars - Breitbart,"With funding for the wall stalled, with healthcare through the House, with the fundamentals of a massive Trump tax cut and tax reform effort laid out, many in the White House are now turning their attention to another critical Trump campaign promise: infrastructure investment. [On the campaign trail,   Trump promised to rebuild American roads, bridges, airports and railways  —   and in the process  —   put millions of Americans back to work and grow the American economy.  In an interview given in November, just after Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton that shocked the political establishment, Steve Bannon, the President’s Chief Strategist  —   and one of the ideological flame keepers of Trumpism  —   talked about a one trillion dollar infrastructure plan. This trillion dollar infrastructure plan would be the core of Trump’s economic nationalism, and it is a plan that will not bury us further in debt with hundreds of millions in new spending but instead take advantage of   partnerships to leverage the billion dollars. As Bannon told the Hollywood Reporter, “I’m the guy pushing a   infrastructure plan. With negative interest rates throughout the world, it’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything. ” Bannon knows that by creating jobs and rebuilding the American working class, Republicans can create something of a permanent majority in this country. “The globalists gutted the American working class and created a middle class in Asia  …     If we deliver  …     we’ll get 60 percent of the white vote, and 40 percent of the black and Hispanic vote and we’ll govern for 50 years. That’s what the Democrats missed. They were talking to these people with companies with a $9 billion market cap employing nine people. It’s not reality. They lost sight of what the world is about. ” Bannon is absolutely right. We can rebuild the American working class.  If successful in that endeavor, we can build a political majority for decades and we can do so without bankrupting future generations with new taxpayer spending. One of President Trump’s favorite example is airport infrastructure needs. On the campaign trail, candidate Trump frequently bemoaned the state of U. S. airports  —   particularly as opposed to some of our international neighbors. President Trump has promised to build great 21st century airports. The problem, of course, is that a recent study shows that American airports currently have $100 billion in unmet infrastructure needs. The good news is that those needs can be met exactly as Bannon and the Trump campaign envisioned. Conservative Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) has   legislation with Rep. Pete DeFazio ( ) that would remove the arbitrary federal cap on the passenger facility charge (PFC)  —   allowing individual airports to set their own PFC without federal involvement. By allowing airports to raise the funds locally from the passengers who actually use the airports  —   rather than federal taxpayers  —   the   bill would allow airports to make critical investments in infrastructure. This move would not only allow us to rebuild our airports  —   without spending a dime of federal taxpayer dollars  —   it would also return control to the individual local airports and away from Washington, DC. This is why so many conservative and libertarian organizations like the Competitive Enterprise Institute, FreedomWorks and Citizens Against Government Waste have explicitly endorsed the effort. Bannon can mark another promise made as a promise kept from his infamous White House white board if the Trump administration joins with other conservatives in supporting the   effort to get the federal government out of the airport business.",0
9329,Protest Song Of The Week: ‘Writings On Disobedience And Democracy’,"Vinnie Paz of the hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks, wrote this song inspired by the work of people’s historian, Howard Zinn. It picks up where his song, “You Can’t Be Neutral on a Moving Train,” left off, and similarly, it is a kind of hip hop cliff notes of Zinn’s book, “A People’s History Of the United States.” 
“Writings On Disobedience and Democracy” was put out as part of the “30 Days, 50 Songs” project, which posted songs over a period of 30 days in order to motivate voters to defeat Donald Trump. The project was not just anti-Trump. Artists For a Trump-Free America were very pro-Hillary Clinton. However, what stands out and makes Paz’s song enduring is that it does not make any reference to Trump or the 2016 election. 
As Paz said when the song was shared, “It felt like the right time to rekindle some of these forgotten stories in American history.” He added these are “stories that aren’t necessarily taught in our classrooms.”
The song opens with the following Zinn quote:
We have to stop thinking that we must have military solutions to the problems we face in the world. The solutions that we need are the solutions dealing with sickness and disease and hunger. That’s fundamental. If you want to end terrorism, you have to stop being terrorists, which is what war is. 
Paz begins with the imperialist intentions behind the United States’s involvement in World War II. Acknowledging the unspeakable evil of Adolf Hitler’s regime, he then summarizes, “We opposed the Haitian revolution. We turned Guam, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii into institutions, pretended to help Cuba win freedom from Spain. This country’s built on the blood of other people’s pain.” 
Blacks looked at anti-Semitism in Germany. What they saw mirrored their experience in the U.S. And America appeased Hitler in the 1930s until President Franklin Delano Roosevelt was ready to advance imperialist interests. But, as Paz puts it, “Roosevelt ain’t care about oppression of the Jews.” 
As Paz tells it, in 1945, “Troops were jammed onto the Queen Mary. The blacks were stowed down in the depths of the same ferry. See there’s a parallel you have to understand, that they wanted them to fight but wouldn’t treat them like a man.” 
Paz notes the workers’ resistance that occurred post-WWWII then the black revolt in the 1950s. 
“Angelo Herndon felt everything was equal,” Paz raps. “He was arrested, they convicted for insurrection
How the fuck it’s insurrection? I call it dissension. Gave him five years when all he wanted was protection.”
“There was other black men that made the same connection. Benjamin Davis defended Herndon as a savior
Then Paul Robeson; he only magnified the danger. Harry Truman had to deal with the militant mood. But how the fuck that gonna work when he a racist too?”
The song covers the Freedom Rides, the Black Panthers, the Vietnam War and Watergate. Following these events, “There was a deep economic insecurity in this world of ours. Environmental deterioration took its toll. A cultural violence upon the families took its toll. Problems couldn’t be solved without bold changes. But no major party candidates proposed changes.”
Ronald Reagan was elected president. He cut welfare for the poor and unemployment grew. That is where Paz ends, but he plans to continue the conversation in a future song. 
In the outro, Paz asks people to reflect on what they were taught in school and whether they were taught lies about American history. “Dig into the real history of this country, and the fact that it was built on blood,” he urges Americans. 
Not only does it stand as a tribute to Zinn, but it also serves as a means to use the form of hip hop to reach people who may not be aware of the history brought to the fore by Zinn. It celebrates dissent and resistance at a time when it is critical for people to take the fear and panic from a Trump election and channel it into targeted action. 
Listen to Paz’s “Writings on Disobedience and Democracy”: 

The post Protest Song Of The Week: ‘Writings On Disobedience And Democracy’ appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
9330,Donald Trump Says He Would Support Britain Leaving the E.U. - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump said in an interview published on Sunday that he would be in favor of Britain leaving the European Union. Mr. Trump made the remarks in an interview with The Sunday Times of London ahead of a referendum on the issue on Thursday and before his planned visit to Britain. “I would personally be more inclined to leave, for a lot of reasons like having a lot less bureaucracy,” Mr. Trump said. “But I am not a British citizen. This is just my opinion. ” Mr. Trump has previously suggested that Britain “should leave,” although he has offered only circumscribed thoughts about the issue, which is expected to affect global markets. Mr. Trump is expected to arrive in Scotland on Friday, a day after the vote, for a   at one of his newest golf clubs. It will be his first international trip since he became the presumptive Republican nominee. Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain, who is urging Britons to vote to stay in the European Union, has been deeply critical of Mr. Trump, describing him as “divisive. ” The newly elected mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, the city’s first Muslim mayor, has also criticized Mr. Trump for his proposed ban on Muslim immigrants entering the United States. In the Times of London interview, Mr. Trump declined to say anything about Mr. Khan other than wishing him luck. And he struck a magnanimous note about Mr. Cameron. “I respect David Cameron,” Mr. Trump said. “He doesn’t know me, but I respect him. I respect what he has done and what he is doing, and I would imagine we will have a very good relationship if I am successful. ” Mr. Trump said he favored maintaining the “special relationship” between Britain and the United States that has existed for decades. But in a tweak at Tony Blair, the former British prime minister, Mr. Trump added, “Sometimes the special relationship hasn’t worked out too well where they made a common mistake like Iraq. Frankly, they would have been a lot better off had they not become involved with Iraq. ” A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump did not respond on Sunday evening to an email seeking comment.",0
9331,Duterte Promises China ’Not Even One Gun’ in South China Sea After Call for Occupation,"Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte shocked international observers last week with a call to occupy the uninhabited islands of the South China Sea before China colonized them, an apparent   from his   campaign to improve bilateral relations with China. [Duterte assured China that he merely wanted to “maintain the geopolitical balance” in the Spratly Islands on Monday, an archipelago that both China and the Philippines, as well as Vietnam, claim in part.   “For the information of China, we will not place there any offensive weapons, not even one gun,” he promised. “We are just there to claim the island for us because that is really ours. And I have ordered the Armed Forces to build structures there to signify to all that the islands are ours, and the Philippine flag should be placed on the structures. ” “China can relax, we are friends,” he added. “We will not go to war with you. ” Duterte has repeatedly asserted his fears that the Philippine military does not have the assets necessary to defeat China in a war. The Chinese government claims almost all territory in the South China Sea, including the sovereign territory of the Philippines, Vietnam, Taiwan, Brunei, Malaysia, and the waters off Natuna Island in Indonesia. In a landmark ruling last year, the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague ruled that China’s claims were invalid before international law and the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Seas, granting the Philippines full sovereignty over the contested territory. Last week, Duterte abruptly announced a military operation to reassert Manila’s presence in the Spratly Islands. “We tried to be friends with everybody but we have to maintain our jurisdiction now, at least the areas under our control. And I have ordered the armed forces to occupy all these,” he said. “Even those, those vacant (islands) that are considered ours, let’s live there,” Duterte added. “It’s like we’re all competing to take these islands. And what’s ours now at least, let’s take it and make a strong point there that this is ours. ” “This coming Independence Day [June 12] I may go to Pagasa [Thitu Island, Spratlys] to raise the flag. We want to make a strong point that that is ours,” Duterte promised. The announcement of a potential personal visit to the islands received a positive reception in Philippine media. “A visit to Pagasa will convey with impact the message of President Duterte about his looking after the needs of the most disadvantaged communities and the military contingent keeping watch over the threatened frontiers of the archipelago,” columnist Federico Pascual Jr. wrote in the Philippine Star. “With this one act, the President may nip the growing impression that he seems to be succumbing to China’s blandishments. ” The positive reception comes as little surprise given the public sentiment towards China in the Philippines. A poll released in late January found that 84 percent of Filipinos supported a confrontation with China over the South China Sea territories, particularly the Spratly and Paracel Islands. Another poll released this week, both by the firm Pulse Asia, found that Duterte’s approval ratings have fallen since December, though he still boasts an impressive 78 percent approval rating. Duterte has hinted for some time that he has changed his opinion on the presence of China in Philippine territory in the region. In March, the president made a vague promise to “tell them [China] straight that this is ours” by ordering the military to build “structures” on uninhabited islands in the region. “The President wants facilities built such as: barracks for the men, water (desalination) and sewage disposal systems, power generators (conventional and renewable) lighthouses, and shelters for fishermen,” Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana clarified.",0
9332,"In China, Homeowners Find Themselves in a Land of Doubt - The New York Times","WENZHOU, China  —   Chen Furong and his wife bought their home 23 years ago for its proximity to the city center and for the   canal just outside. Their dream was to pass it on to their children and grandchildren, a piece of wealth giving their family a share of China’s economic miracle. Then their neighbor tried to sell her place  —   and it was all thrown into doubt. Like every other homeowner in China, Mr. Chen and his neighbor own their homes but not the land underneath them. All land in China is owned by the government, which parcels it out to developers and homeowners through   to   leases. When the neighbor  —   whose surname is Wang  —   tried to sell her apartment, local officials told her that her lease on the land had expired. To sell her apartment, they told her, she would have to pay them   of the sales value. Ms. Wang protested in a move that drew national attention. Suddenly millions of Chinese who had socked away billions  —   and possibly trillions  —   of dollars were worried as well. If the local authorities in other parts of China did the same thing, they thought, a big chunk of their own wealth could end up with the government as well. “What will happen after our land lease expires?” asked Mr. Chen, 69, who with his wife holds a   lease. “I will be dead when the lease expires, but will I be able to give it to my son?” China’s erratic stock market and its strict limits on sending money overseas have prompted many Chinese families to invest in residential real estate. China’s families have put nearly   of their wealth into housing, estimates Li Gan, a professor of economics at Texas AM University who runs a widely read survey of Chinese households. Some own two or more homes and buy or sell them the way American investors play the stock market. That pot of household wealth is crucial to China’s efforts to take its economy to the next level. As reliable sources of growth like exports and manufacturing falter, China is trying to turn its households into   consumers. Faith in their home savings would make them more likely to open their wallets. But even as it has pushed for increased homeownership, the Chinese Communist Party has done little to loosen its grip on the nation’s land. The party attacked private landlords during its rise to power, and when it took control, it nationalized all land, following the Soviet model. Although the death of Mao Zedong led to reforms that allowed people to own their own homes, the central government continued to retain title to the land, giving it a major lever in China’s economy. Some experts say the central government cannot continue to serve as national landlord. “Our country still believes in an ideology that is already outdated,” said Mao Yushi, a prominent economist who previously directed the Unirule Institute of Economics, a Beijing research firm. “The patriarch of public ownership, the Soviet Union, has collapsed already, but we are still holding onto public ownership. ” Giving land to the people would not be easy. Local governments in China do not have the power to levy taxes, so leasing land is one of the few ways they have to raise money. Allowing Chinese to own land could also concentrate wealth in the hands of a few, Mr. Mao said. “So how would we tax those who end up owning the vast swath?” he asked. In 2007, China moved to reassure homeowners by requiring local governments to renew   leases automatically. Yet the law was silent on whether homeowners would have to pay for the renewal and what would happen to those with shorter leases. China’s Legislature needs to resolve this issue, said Sun Yuhua, an associate researcher at the East China University of Political Science and Law. “Otherwise,” he said, “it will trigger huge disputes. ” Uncertainties about land leases come at a time of broader concerns about the affordability of housing in China. Some smaller cities have gluts of unoccupied apartments, but housing prices have risen steadily in wealthy cities like Shanghai and Beijing. As the   Global Times said in a May 4 commentary, “For millions of home buyers, after paying an already exorbitant house price in the overheated market, another hit to their savings will be hard to accept. ” Beijing is keeping a close eye on events in Wenzhou, a coastal city of eight million people in eastern China that was one of the first to set up private enterprise after China opened up its economy in the late 1970s. The government’s land ministry sent an inspection team to Wenzhou in April, according to state media. National and local government officials declined to comment. At least three Wenzhou neighborhoods have been hit by government requests for money to renew land leases, including Henghe North, where Ms. Wang and Mr. Chen live. The Chens’ home is typical of the area’s modest dwellings. Nestled on the third floor of a   building, the apartment crams two bedrooms into 580 square feet. A blocky complex of buildings, Henghe North is bordered by a busy avenue lined with noodle stands, vegetable markets and other small shops. Trees and flower beds grow along the canal that abuts the development. Mr. Chen said local people pooled their money to build a community center designed like a Chinese temple. The unassuming neighborhood was turned upside down by Ms. Wang’s discovery. Local apartment owners started checking their lease documents. Chinese reporters went door to door, especially in Ms. Wang’s building. “There were so many journalists here that she didn’t want to talk to anyone,” Mr. Chen said. Reached by telephone, a woman who identified herself as Ms. Wang said she was waiting to see how the government would resolve the problem. She declined to comment further. Property records in China are spotty, relatively new and unavailable to the public. According to her neighbors and local media, Ms. Wang and her family bought her    apartment three years ago for 1. 4 million renminbi, or about $210, 000 at today’s exchange rates. Several blocks away, residents of another affected neighborhood, Shuixin, wondered what would happen when they tried to sell their apartments. “People don’t know what to do,” said Ge Qingchuan, a retired real estate agent who stopped his motor scooter to talk. “No one paid attention to land leases, but now there are problems. ” “For example,” he added, “if you are buying a new apartment and using your current apartment, with a   lease, as collateral to borrow money, you won’t be able to do so. If the banks see your land lease is expiring, they won’t lend you money. ”",0
9333,Biden: I have ‘no intention’ of accepting a post in a Hillary White House,"Print 
For those who were hoping or dreading the continued presence of Crazy Joe Biden in a presidential administration after the Barack Obamas belatedly leave the White House, the loose-lipped 73-year-old has confirmed that the nation won’t have Joe Biden to kick around any more. 
Biden, who was rumored to be on Hillary Clinton’s short list for secretary of state and prior to that was being groomed as a late contender for the Democratic Party nomination in the event Clinton failed to carry California in the primary, told a Minnesota radio station Friday he has “no intention” of serving in Hillary Clinton’s administration as secretary of state or in any other role. 
“I don’t want to remain in the administration.… I have no intention of staying involved,” Biden told Minnesota radio station KBJR . 
He added, though, that he wanted to “help [Clinton] if I can in any way I can.” 
It’s not clear whether Biden’s lack of interest is absolute, or if he could be talked into serving as secretary of state despite his doubts. 
This report, by Blake Neff, was cross-posted by arrangement with the Daily Caller News Foundation.",0
9334,Twitter Users Mock Hillary Clinton For Wishing Herself a Happy Birthday,"
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 26, 2016 
As you might guess, it didn’t take long for people to point out just how sad and strange the tweet was. There's regular narcissism, then there's wish-yourself-happy-birthday & call-yourself-the-future-president-before-the-election narcissism. pic.twitter.com/cQnAl0Pr0O 
— Caleb Ecarma (@calebecarma) October 26, 2016 So Hillary Clinton has to tweet herself a happy birthday on Twitter! How pathetic is THAT?đŁ 
— william barrett (@willdani61) October 27, 2016 
It was just plain weird, as some users pointed out. @HillaryClinton Did you just wish a happy birthday to yourself? Weirdo lol 
Other users had a little fun with Clinton’s picture. @HillaryClinton I've seen that look before. pic.twitter.com/TQ7FaW7Mnr 
— Ian McKelvey (@mckelvey_ian) October 26, 2016 Odd RT @HillaryClinton Happy birthday to this future president. pic.twitter.com/FpluGgnovD 
— Marcus Hawkins (@HawkinsUSA) October 26, 2016 
Other users didn’t waste a moment getting down to the truth. @HillaryClinton happy bday to the single most corrupt politician in the history of the USA! #NeverHillary 
— Chuck Norris (@Chuck7817) October 26, 2016 The saddest birthday tweet comes from yourself. https://t.co/ge67vMQhGu 
— Michelle Ray (@GaltsGirl) October 26, 2016 
Apparently the tweet was also promoted, which got under the skin of even more users. *Sigh* Why in the blue hell did I get a ""Sign Hillary's Birthday Card"" promoted tweet…I could NOT care less about her. 
— Dan Trigona (@splinter48708) September 25, 2016 
Clinton has always had a “people problem,” so it’s no surprise that the only way to get Twitter users to wish her a birthday was to promote a tweet. Advertisement - story continues below 
Clinton might have thought it was cute to wish herself, the supposed future leader of this country, a happy birthday, but what she has done is show us who she thinks is the most important person in the world — herself. And apparently she wants everyone around her to know it. 
Clinton’s problem with people is a serious one. Even those who have worked with the former secretary of state have said she isn’t exactly likable — and that’s putting it nicely. 
Clinton already behaves as though she is above the law. It’s almost unimaginable how dangerous such an unlikable, narcissistic person could be in the White House. 
Although I guess the last eight years have prepared us for it, at least a little. Advertisement - story continues below ",0
9335,Suspect in British Lawmaker’s Killing: ‘My Name Is Death to Traitors’ - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The man charged with murdering the British lawmaker Jo Cox made his first court appearance on Saturday, telling the court when asked his name, “My name is death to traitors, freedom for Britain. ” Thomas Mair, 52, had been charged earlier Saturday with murder and several other offenses, including inflicting grievous bodily harm and possession of a firearm. Mr. Mair, of the town of Birstall, appeared briefly at Westminster Magistrates’ Court in London. Once charges have been brought, British media law prohibits any reporting about the case that might prejudice a trial. Ms. Cox, 41, a member of Parliament who advocated for immigrants’ causes, was gunned down on Thursday outside a library in Birstall, a town near the city of Leeds in northern England, as she was wrapping up a meeting with constituents. A    man was also slightly injured in the attack. Her death came just days before a referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union, and it led to an immediate suspension of campaigning on both sides out of respect for her memory. But Vote Leave, which supports Britain’s departure from the   bloc, said Friday that it would resume campaigning over the weekend. Issues of immigration and national identity have been central to the occasionally bitter clashes over the referendum, and critics say the tone of the debate has verged on racism and xenophobia. The killing of Ms. Cox  —   the first of a sitting member of Parliament since the Irish Republican Army assassinated Ian Gow, a Conservative lawmaker, in 1990  —   elicited an outpouring of sympathy in Britain, where gun ownership is strictly regulated. Ms. Cox, a member of the opposition Labour Party, was elected to Parliament to represent the area of Batley and Spen only in May 2015. But she had already established a strong reputation. Prime Minister David Cameron and his rival Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the Labour Party, both praised her as a rising star in British politics. President Obama was reported to have called Ms. Cox’s husband to offer condolences. “The president noted that the world is a better place because of her selfless service to others, and that there can be no justification for this heinous crime, which robbed a family, a community, and a nation of a dedicated wife, mother, and public servant,” Sky News reported, citing the White House.",0
9336,ESPN Will Pitch NCAA Bracket Show Featuring President Trump Making His Picks - Breitbart,"“Baracketology,” became an annual thing at ESPN over the last eight years. Featuring then Commander in Chief Barack Obama, a white board, a sharpie, and Andy Katz as Obama made his NCAA Championship picks during March Madness. [According to reports, if ESPN has their way, this March the sports network may feature “Trumpetology. ” Okay, they may not call it that. But the point is that ESPN wants to invite President Trump on their network to fill out an NCAA bracket.  According to ESPN Spokesman Josh Krulewitz, “At the appropriate time we will explore the bracket opportunity if he’s interested. ” This all sounds great. The     sports giant has much atoning to do for their egregiously high level of leftist activism over the past eight years. And, just over this past weekend. But, why confine Trump to the bracket opportunity? President Trump was an executive for, and had a major speaking role on, one of the most successful and longest running reality TV shows in history. Why not let him do an episode of SportsCenter? Obama had once pitched doing an episode of SportsCenter. Trump is massively more qualified for that than Obama. Not to mention that Trump’s primary sports interests appear to include the NFL, boxing, and golf. Given that, why not bring him on for a special Super Bowl preview? Or, for a breakdown of the Masters Tournament in April? Why make him do Obama’s thing? After all, didn’t America elect President Trump to do the opposite of Barack Obama? Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
9337,So You Think You Can’t Meditate? - The New York Times,"It happened sometime recently  —   maybe in the last six months, or a year  —   that everyone I know started meditating. Or at least they talked about the desire to meditate. Some used apps like Headspace others just put on trippy music and zoned out. A few went to events put on by Medi Club, a kind of    group. “Mindfulness,” we’re calling it, this desire to take a chunk of each day and simply live in the present. I need some of that calm and focus in my life. I have a tendency to either live in paranoia about the future or dwell on the foibles of the past. Besides, I have never met a fitness or health or beauty or wellness trend I didn’t want to participate in. My old set of Tae Bo VHS tapes are slowly decomposing in a garage in California. Left on my own, meditation time turns into nap time, so I knew I needed some organization and supervision. I had heard that meditation studios are the new yoga studios, and I was intrigued. I chose Mndfl, which has locations in Greenwich Village, on the Upper East Side and in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Most of the classes are 45 minutes, which is about 44 minutes longer than I have ever successfully meditated. I know 45 minutes can be an eternity because I participate in both SoulCycle and therapy. I went to the studio on East Eighth Street on a freezing weeknight. Inside it is sleek, with blond woods and white walls, but with a certain coziness  —   think free tea and a    area to read  —   sort of like a particularly   Airbnb. My first official foray was an hourlong sound bath led by Sara Auster, a yoga and, according to her website, certified sound therapy practitioner. Sound baths are like listening to a concert while in savasana, the resting pose at the end of yoga. The idea is that the sound therapist plays resonant instruments like crystal and Himalayan singing bowls, tuning forks, gongs and bells that help you relax and clear your mind. WATCH: The author sits for a sound bath at Mndfl. Immediately I struggled with my    urges. I went to go find the bathroom, leaving a pair of socks on one of the blankets that had been arranged around the room like a slumber party. When I got back, a woman had taken my spot and moved my socks across the room. The fact that this annoyed me made me think I really needed meditation. The sounds Ms. Auster played alternated between droning and tinkling though not melodic like music, they were pleasant to listen to. My mind slipped from the present to the usual reel of issues: deadlines, arguments, grocery lists, but I always came back to the sounds. Someone elsewhere in the room faintly snored for a spell. Afterward, I felt so sleepy I couldn’t even bring myself to take the subway home and hailed the first cab I found. I slept well that night. A few weeks later, after receiving the kind of angry email that usually makes me take to my bed for the rest of the day, I headed back to Mndfl for an afternoon class, this time with a teacher named Anne Kenan. She instructed us to bring ourselves back to the room whenever our minds wandered. And we were off. I closed my eyes and found myself picturing one of Gerhard Richter’s candle paintings. When I started thinking of the emails looming in my inbox, I would redirect myself to the room, breathe and whisper to myself, “I’m back. ” After 20 minutes, Ms. Kenan said that when our minds wandered we should just lightly touch the thought and see “how our hearts felt. ” A friend who popped into my mind felt slippery, like what I imagine a dolphin’s fin feels like. I wasn’t sure if this was what she had in mind. At the   mark, we all shared our experiences. “I felt a kind of synesthesia,” I said. A girl who introduced herself as Beetle (or maybe Beatle?) nodded. What I didn’t say: Sometimes I felt scared, sometimes I felt as if I was going to start crying, and the entire time I felt   about how often I was shifting my   position on the pillow. The next day I was ready for something shorter, so I tried Mndfl’s   video series. There are meditations sorted by specific teacher, style (breath, energy) or length of time (starting at one minute). I sat on my   carpet   in front of my laptop. My dog, who needs no coaching on how to live in the moment, sat next to me. I chose a   class on emotions from Megan Mook, another Mndfl instructor, who was shown seated in front of a lush planted wall and has equally lush, enviable hair. She instructed me to get comfortable, and to breathe. For five minutes, I finally managed to do nothing more than that.",0
9338,Europe’s Battle: Nationalists vs. Elites,"Europe’s Battle: Nationalists vs. Elites October 26, 2016 
On both sides of the Atlantic, a battle is underway between largely discredited “elites” and sometimes disreputable “nationalists,” a conflict over un-kept promises about the future and unsettling memories of the past, writes Andrew Spannaus. 
By Andrew Spannaus 
In recent years “nationalism” has become a bad word in Europe, a synonym of closure, racism and wars. Over the past 20-25 years European elites have instead embraced a concept of globalization based on a world without economic, physical and social borders. 
This view assumes the gradual affirmation of a set of shared values internationally, consisting of human rights and economic freedom, that however much the remaining closed, autocratic regimes may try, will inevitably become the standard for the entire world. Flag of the European Union. 
It is essentially the argument put forward by Francis Fukuyama in “The End of History:” liberal democracy and free markets have won the ideological war, and represent the culmination of human evolution. 
The political events of 2016 are upending this view of the globalization of human rights and economic liberalism. The American electorate has supported a series of outsiders – most notably Donald Trump, who has run his campaign in direct opposition to the U.S. political and financial class, invoking economic protectionism and a stronger national identity. 
Against expectations, the population of the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, marking an irreparable break in the supposedly inevitable process of European unification. And across Europe support is growing for more extreme, anti-system political forces, that threaten not only to withdraw from the common currency – the Euro – but also to seal the borders in response to economic and security threats associated with immigration. 
Establishment’s Failure 
It is no exaggeration to speak of the failure of the entire transatlantic political establishment. Since the 1970s, Western economies have undergone a post-industrial transformation that has favored short-term gain over long-term investment. The notion of economic freedom has translated principally into support for deregulation and speculative finance. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is welcomed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Federal Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, on April 14, 2011. [State Department photo/ Public Domain Central Banks have made unlimited resources available to the financial sector while large areas of the real economy struggle to survive, feeding discontent among the population. It is true that new economic sectors have arisen, along with widespread changes made possible by technologies that were inconceivable until a few years ago, but the overall effect has been to hollow out the middle class and create large-scale income equality.
In Europe, the principal vehicle of this process has been the economic policy of the European Union. From the implementation of the Maastricht Treaty in 1993, European nations have been stuck in a monetary straitjacket, that prevents governments from taking effective economic action. In the name of market principles, liberalization has been implemented that favors large financial interests while lowering standards of living for the middle class. 
Countries are constitutionally required to move towards a balanced budget, with the European Commission and the European Central Bank essentially having veto power over national policies. This has translated into harsh austerity, including the massive budget cuts and tax increases inflicted on countries such as Greece, Spain and Italy in recent years. 
Despite paying lip service to the need for change, the economic and political elites have refused to abandon this approach, that not only ignores the suffering of the population, but actually makes the problem worse. In fact the austerity causes a drop in economy activity and thus exacerbates budget problems, leading to a vicious cycle that Europe seems unable to stop. 
A Big Backlash 
The resulting backlash is calling into question the process of European integration as a whole, provoking a strenuous defense by the elite of institutions that are said to have guaranteed “50 years of peace” after the Second World War. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads “Vote Trump” on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
It is true, of course, that there are some benefits to E.U. integration, and that nobody wants to return to a situation of conflict among the member states. But the current policies are quite different than the fruitful cooperation that existed until the 1990s, when the financial elite began its move to exert supranational control. 
Now, the failed economic policies of the past 20 years are no longer sustainable. Governments are forced to negotiate over .1 percent of the budget deficit with the bureaucracy in Brussels, while the need for public and private investment runs in the trillions. 
The pro-finance, anti-production policies must change not for ideological reasons or to serve some specific interest group; they must change because there is no other choice. People are revolting against a political class that does not respond adequately to widespread economic and social discontent. In times of economic distress the population becomes more vulnerable to demagogues, raising the risk of dangerous outcomes, as seen with Fascism and Nazism in the 1920s and 1930s. 
Currently, there are unprepared and unpredictable political forces with growing support across Europe, that in some cases represent a threat to the democratic rights and values that the European Union aims to promote. Defending the orthodoxy of E.U. policy against popular movements that target failed economic policies, will only further damage precisely those values on which Europe is said to stand. 
What to Do 
At this point Europe needs a return to measures that promote productive investment and innovation, rather than cut social welfare programs and encourage further deregulation. Refugees from Mideast wars camped along rail lines in Greece. 
There are two potential directions: a wholesale change in the policies of the E.U. institutions, without modifying their essential structure, or a step back from the process of cancellation of national sovereignty. 
The first option seems unrealistic, for various reasons. These include the constitutional nature of many economic and budget constraints, and the stubbornness demonstrated by the European ruling class in recent years; a class that, despite numerous alarm bells, does not at all seem ready to abandon an elitist view of globalization. 
The response to the Brexit vote is a glaring example. Representatives of the E.U. institutions lashed out with arrogance and bitterness, essentially accusing half of the British population of being ignorant, racist and isolationist. It’s a comforting excuse based on partial truths, that avoids reflection on Europe’s own mistakes. 
At this point a return of decision-making power to national governments is becoming inevitable: not in order to stop international cooperation, or to reject shared values, but because the model pursued by the supranational institutions and their allies in the financial world has failed, and risks producing both serious internal conflicts, and unacceptable strategic failures in an increasingly complex world. 
Andrew Spannaus is a freelance journalist and strategic analyst based in Milan, Italy. He is the founder of Transatlantico.info, that provides news, analysis and consulting to Italian institutions and businesses. His book on the U.S. elections Perchè vince Trump (Why Trump is Winning) was published in June 2016.",0
9339,"Hillary Clinton’s Long, Grueling Quest - The New York Times","If there was a single moment that captured what would carry Hillary Clinton to the 2016 Democratic nomination, it came not during her   campaign kickoff in New York last June, or in any of her speeches celebrating   primary victories over Senator Bernie Sanders. No, it was the unscripted instant in which a blasé Mrs. Clinton coolly brushed from her shoulder a speck of lint, dirt  —   or perhaps nothing at all  —   as a   House panel subjected her to more than eight hours of questioning in October over her handling of the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya. She may not be the orator President Obama is, or the retail politician her husband was. But Mrs. Clinton’s steely fortitude in this campaign has plainly inspired older women, black voters and many others who see in her perseverance a kind of mirror to their own struggles. And Mrs. Clinton’s very durability  —   her tenacity, grit and capacity for enduring and overcoming adversity  —   could be exactly what is required to defeat Donald J. Trump. As a politician’s wife, first lady, senator and secretary of state  —   and as a   candidate for president  —   Mrs. Clinton, 68, has redefined the role of women in American politics each time she has reinvented herself. She has transfixed the nation again and again, as often in searing episodes of scandal or setback as in triumph. “She came on the public stage as someone who was a little different,” said Ann Lewis, a longtime adviser. “She attracted fascination, devotion and attacks  —   and the partisan attacks haven’t stopped. ” “Even as first lady, it was ‘Who does she think she is? ’” said Melanne Verveer, a close friend of Mrs. Clinton’s who was her White House chief of staff. Mrs. Clinton’s confidants say it is only fitting that, having overcome so many obstacles before, including some of her own making, she now faces an opponent so eager to go negative with her  —   and to refight the   brawls that have defined her career. In her victory speech Tuesday night, Mrs. Clinton said the biggest influence on her life had been her mother, “and she taught me never to back down from a bully  —   which turned out to be pretty good advice. ” It was with that same grit that Mrs. Clinton picked herself up after a bruising defeat by Mr. Obama in 2008, when she assured a crowd of tearful female supporters, eight years ago to the day, that they had made 18 million cracks in “the highest, hardest glass ceiling. ” For 14 straight years, and 20 in all, Mrs. Clinton has been named the woman Americans admire most, according to a yearly Gallup poll. But her campaign, and the controversy over her use of a private email server as secretary of state, have taken a toll: Her favorability and trustworthiness ratings have plummeted. And she is being caricatured, once more, as a calculating and inauthentic career politician: Lady Macbeth, now in her own play. In the same way, her longevity and fame are not undiluted assets: The baggage she brings as a consummate Democratic insider, pointed up most damagingly in the enormous sums she commanded as a paid speaker to Wall Street banks, has weighed Mrs. Clinton down in an election cycle in which outsiders have had the wind at their backs. Mrs. Clinton’s career has not taken a predictable route by any stretch. She came of age in the feminist movement in the 1960s at Wellesley College  —   where she urged her peers to spurn incremental change and instead work at “making the impossible possible”  —   then was drawn to the South in furtherance of her husband’s ambitions. She was one of her husband’s chief campaign strategists and overseer of a failed health care effort, while holding her marriage together through his sex scandals and impeachment. But if she seemed to embody contradictions, they also reflected a society in which expectations of women, and women’s expectations for themselves, were rapidly changing. And it has always been hard to parse opinions about Mrs. Clinton and about powerful women in general. Roy M. Neel, who was a campaign manager for Al Gore in his 1992   run, said in an oral history of the Bill Clinton years that women in the South particularly disliked Mrs. Clinton, the first working mother to serve as first lady and the first  —   and, so far, the only  —   to have an office in the West Wing, because she “appeared to be something of an affront to their sense of who they were. ” If   antipathies to Mrs. Clinton can be chalked up in part to Americans’ struggles to adjust to changing gender roles at home, at work and in politics, her history of political combat has also left scar tissue that, in part, defines the candidate she is:   about the realities of Washington, but cautious and wary to a fault. Her prolonged contest with Mr. Sanders, whose campaign was not widely expected to survive the first few nominating contests, laid bare the cost of that restraint, both in style and substance. As voters have gravitated to Mr. Trump’s unchecked impulsiveness and Mr. Sanders’s unabashed idealism, Mrs. Clinton has displayed little of either. “This is not an incremental, cautious election, and being cautious is not her friend,” said Anna Greenberg, a Democratic pollster. “Both primaries exposed the depth of anger and frustration and disgust,” she added. “She has had to, and will have to, adjust to it. ” For 14 months, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has been out of step with younger voters and with swaths of an angry electorate that has demanded more than the competence and hard work she has promised. Her difficulties with those voters could be a warning sign. While her husband could draw on the crisp centrist philosophy of the “third way” Democrats in 1992, when he devoted his candidacy to the “forgotten middle class,” Mrs. Clinton has struggled to hit upon as simple and clear a rationale for her campaign. And, though she has issued the most detailed policy proposals and positions of anyone in the race, what she truly believes remains a mystery for many voters. Mrs. Clinton has praised Mr. Obama’s accomplishments over the past eight years, and won roughly 77 percent of the vote among blacks through the May 10 contests, according to exit polls. But she has also promised to push harder than Mr. Obama in extending citizenship to undocumented immigrants, opposed his signature   trade deal, and outstripped his plans to defeat the Islamic State by calling for a   zone in Syria. She has praised her husband’s economic record as president and offered to put him in charge of reviving some of the   regions. But Mrs. Clinton has also had to repudiate crucial parts of her husband’s legacy. It has not helped that her campaign has cycled through a   slogans, from championing “everyday Americans” to “fighting for us,” “breaking down barriers,” and, most recently, “stronger together”  —   playing on Mr. Trump’s more divisive remarks about Mexicans, Muslims and other groups. As Mr. Sanders has demonized Wall Street and Mr. Trump has disparaged immigrants, and as they have vowed to reverse economic malaise, Mrs. Clinton has run on a flinty practicality. The most telling promise she has made is that she will not overpromise. “We don’t need any more of that,” she has told voters. But what she has lacked in rhetorical brio, she has made up for by listening to people’s problems and prescribing solutions. She has shed tears in conversations with a man whose mother had Alzheimer’s and a woman who lost a child to a gun accident. And she has shown a vulnerability she did not reveal in 2008, when she campaigned as a strong   commander in chief, seeking to neutralize any doubts about whether she was tough enough for the Oval Office. “I am not a natural politician, in case you haven’t noticed, like my husband or President Obama,” Mrs. Clinton said in one of her debates with Mr. Sanders, a bracingly honest statement. To her supporters, there may be a kind of strange logic at work. Mrs. Clinton is somehow expected to project the mettle of a commander in chief, the charisma of a drinking buddy, the warmth of a favorite aunt, they say. “You’re required to be   and smiley and also required to grow a hide like an elephant,” said Tina Brown, the journalist. “Which is it?” An impossible combination, they complain  —   and if she managed all that, there would no doubt emerge some other vital quality that she was failing to display, because there is no template yet for a female United States president. “People are so undecided about how they feel about female leadership, and it’s something people really struggle with,” said Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York. “The ambiguity about Hillary is outside of her. It comes from people’s own perspectives. ” Attitudes about female leadership eventually may change, of course. And in talking to reporters on Monday, hours before reports that she had clinched the nomination, Mrs. Clinton looked past November to a time when female presidential candidates may not require quite so much durability to have a shot at the White House. “It’s predominantly women and girls, but not exclusively  —   men bring their daughters to meet me and tell me that they are supporting me because of their daughters,” she said. “And I do think it will make a very big difference for a father or a mother to be able to look at their daughter just like they can look at their son and say, ‘You can be anything you want to be in this country, including president of the United States. ’”",0
9340,Justice Dept. Drops a Key Objection to a Texas Voter ID Law - The New York Times,"HOUSTON  —   The Justice Department on Monday dropped a crucial objection to Texas’ strict   law, signaling a significant change from the Obama administration on   issues. The   Texas Legislature passed one of the toughest voter ID laws in the country in 2011, requiring voters to show a driver’s license, passport or other   photo ID before casting a ballot. The Obama administration’s Justice Department sued Texas to block the law in 2013 and scored a major victory last year after a federal appeals court ruled that the law needed to be softened because it discriminated against minority voters who lacked the required IDs. Opponents of the law said Republican lawmakers selected IDs that were most advantageous for   white voters and discarded IDs that were beneficial to   minority voters. For example, legislators included licenses to carry concealed handguns, which are predominantly carried by whites, and excluded government employee IDs and public university IDs, which are more likely to be used by blacks, Hispanics and   younger voters. But the Justice Department under President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told a judge on Monday that it was withdrawing its claim that Texas enacted the law with a discriminatory intent. The Justice Department remains a party in the case. But it is pulling back at a crucial phase. If a judge finds the state acted with discriminatory intent, as the Justice Department and other plaintiffs have alleged, Texas could be forced to seek federal approval before it makes any changes to its voting laws or procedures. That would have major impacts on voting rules in Texas and be a potent symbol of the ability of the federal government to be a major brake on voting discrimination nationally. “This is a complete   turn,” said Danielle Lang, a lawyer for the Campaign Legal Center, one of the groups that sued Texas and represents some of the Justice Department’s fellow plaintiffs in the voter ID case. Under the Obama administration, she added, the Justice Department was “fully committed to the case. ” “They were full partners,” Ms. Lang said. “This was their case as much as ours. ” The Texas Legislature is considering a new voter ID bill that will allow those who have difficulty obtaining the appropriate IDs to vote as long as they sign an affidavit and show more widely available types of identification, including a utility bill or a bank statement. In documents filed on Monday, the Justice Department said that in light of the recently filed bill, it was withdrawing its   claim to allow “the Texas Legislature the opportunity to rectify any alleged infirmities with its voter identification law. ” The agency added that the Supreme Court has emphasized that “federal courts should allow state legislatures the first opportunity to remedy voting rights violations. ” The decision was the second time in a week that the Trump administration retreated from the Justice Department’s stance in a major civil rights case. One week ago, the department  —   with the backing of Mr. Trump  —   withdrew a policy imposed by the Obama administration to give federal   protections to transgender students in schools. Mr. Sessions, who was battered by Democrats at his confirmation hearing over his opposition in the Senate to some voting and civil rights measures, pushed for the reversal on the transgender issue over the objections of Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, officials said. The reversal in the Texas case was all the more striking because it came just three months after the Justice Department, under the Obama administration, filed a brief arguing on behalf of the very issue it backed away from Monday  —   that the Legislature intentionally sought to discriminate when it approved the law. Under the Trump administration, the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department is expected to undergo the most severe shift in philosophy of any section under the Trump administration, and Mr. Sessions appears to be quickly meeting those expectations. On a number of civil rights and voting measures during his days in the United States Senate, Mr. Sessions saw the federal government as improperly meddling in issues he said should best be left to the states. Mr. Sessions took that same states’ rights approach last week on the transgender issue, saying the Obama administration had overreached. Other important voting rights decisions loom for the Justice Department. Perhaps the most closely watched is in North Carolina, where the courts have ruled that a voting measure was devised specifically to disenfranchise minorities. The Justice Department under the Obama administration helped fight to overturn the law, but Mr. Sessions has not said what he will do. The move on Monday in Texas came before a federal judge in Corpus Christi was scheduled to hear arguments on the   issue on Tuesday. The case will proceed because the parties that sued Texas  —   including voters, elected officials, civil rights organizations and black and Hispanic advocacy groups  —   will continue the lawsuit. “We stay the course,” said Kristen Clarke, the president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, which is part of the legal team representing the Texas branch of the N. A. A. C. P. and the Mexican American Legislative Caucus. But the reversal by the Justice Department  —   after a team of lawyers in the Civil Rights Division spent more than three years and more than $1 million on the case  —   angered Texas Democrats and advocates for voting rights. The Justice Department’s involvement in Texas’ voter ID law predates the lawsuit it filed against the state in 2013. The agency has been formally reviewing the law for nearly six years, starting in 2011, and made its first official objection to aspects of it in March 2012. “I am appalled and disgusted that D. O. J. would abandon their claims, that they have advocated for years, that Texas’ photo ID law was enacted with a racially discriminatory purpose,” said J. Gerald Hebert, a lawyer who represents several of those who sued Texas, including the League of United Latin American Citizens and Marc Veasey, a Democratic Texas congressman who is  . Officials from the Justice Department and the Texas attorney general’s office declined to comment on the case. In July, the most conservative federal appeals court in the country  —   the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, in New Orleans  —   found that the law had a discriminatory effect on minority voters and set in motion a loosening of the ID rules for the November elections. The judge in Corpus Christi  —   Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos, of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, who oversaw a trial on the voter ID case in 2014  —   is weighing the evidence on whether Texas enacted the law with a racially discriminatory intent. If the judge finds discriminatory intent, Texas could be forced to seek federal approval before it makes any changes to its voting laws or procedures. For decades, Texas and several other mostly Southern states with a history of discrimination had been required to seek advance federal approval before making changes to their voting laws. But Texas and the other states were freed from that requirement in 2013, after a Supreme Court decision that invalidated key provisions of the Voting Rights Act. A finding of intentional discrimination, however, could once again put Texas under federal supervision, making it the first state brought back into   preclearance since the Supreme Court’s 2013 ruling. The Texas attorney general, Ken Paxton, as well as his predecessor, Greg Abbott, who is now governor, have denied that the Legislature intentionally discriminated against minority voters, arguing that the law was aimed at preventing voter fraud. But critics say the law has more to do with suppressing the turnout of those likely to vote Democratic than preventing fraud. Whatever the case, Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, and an   expert, said he saw the Justice Department’s action on Monday as “a sign of things to come. ” “This is the first step in what I expect to be a series of steps, with D. O. J. siding with the state of Texas,” he said. He added that by remaining in the case, the Justice Department “could actually do Texas more good than by getting out. ”",0
9341,Chicago Mayor Emanuel Touts Social Services for Illegal Aliens,"Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s administration in Chicago launched a     refugee campaign designed to help get newcomers to the U. S. on public services. [The ‘One Chicago’ campaign is designed to “facilitate access” of public services to foreign refugees, legal and illegal immigrants.  “One Chicago is more than a campaign it is a statement of faith,” Emanuel said of the campaign in a statement. “Chicago, like America, is not just a place on a map, but a set of ideals and values carried on through generations of immigrants, migrants, and refugees who came to Chicago in search of a better life for themselves and their families. ” The campaign highlights the city’s legal defense fund, in which illegal immigrants can receive   attorneys in order to fight deportation orders in immigration courts. The organization the city has teamed up with to help illegal immigrants and foreign refugees is the Resurrection Project, which is vehemently opposed to any reforms or halts on immigration. The efforts by Emanuel to further obstruct cooperation with the Trump Administration and Attorney General Jeff Sessions on immigration issues come just as the City has refused to reverse its sanctuary status for illegal immigrants. The Resurrection Project has praised Emanuel’s sanctuary policies, writing months ago “We applaud Mayor Emanuel on his firm decision to stand by our community, taking the appropriate measures to guarantee that Chicago remains a welcoming city, where freedom and respect for immigrants  —  no matter their origin  —   are still upheld. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
9342,Britain to send hundreds more troops to Russia border as Cold War tension escalates,"Britain to send hundreds more troops to Russia border as Cold War tension escalates page: 1 link Britain will send hundreds more troops close to Russia’s border, the Government has said, as the Prime Minister also called for “pressure” on Moscow over the Syria crisis. Around 800 soldiers along with tanks, armoured vehicles and drones will now head to Estonia in the spring in a Nato effort to reassure the Baltic states over Russian aggression. Is it starting to look like WW3 yet? Let's see if the main critiques of these kinds of threads are answered. 1. Is this ""saber rattling""? No. 2. Is this move unequivocally directly related to countering Russia? Yes. 3. Is this ""fearmongering""? No. There was something in the news yesterday that seemed to slip by everyone: Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU’s representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain’s decision to allow the refuelling “scandalous”. ""It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. Only last week – this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in #Aleppo, yet today it provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose; the annihilation of Aleppo and the harassment of EU & NATO forces ."" SOURCE Did Guy Verhofstadt just state that Russia is using a fleet of warships to terrorize EU & NATO forces? I realize that the word ""harassment"" is used in the quote above, but how does that word fit in this context? It seems like it could be a coded message. Either way, ""the harassment of EU & NATO forces"" sounds like it could be an act of war to me. That's the essence of my argument for why WW3 has already started. It's well past the point of ""saber rattling"" and ""posturing"", actual harassment/terrorism/warfare (take your pick of words) is involved. edit on 27-10-2016 by Profusion because: (no reason given) link a reply to: Profusion Hm. On its side, Russia has just unveiled her new, Satan 2 nuclear warhead, capable of ""destroying UK two times over"". I agree with you, this isn't just saber rattling anymore. Good thread. We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. They've been nothing but trouble since we let them in. Turkey can go too. Ever wondered if it is a spiritual war where the peasants in the soldiers native country are soon to be tested by Jesus. 1) remove all military personal overseas. 2) create war between imported terrorists (ISIS) and local Brits. 3) the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. link originally posted by: Profusion Britain will send hundreds more troops close to Russia’s border, the Government has said, as the Prime Minister also called for “pressure” on Moscow over the Syria crisis. Around 800 soldiers along with tanks, armoured vehicles and drones will now head to Estonia in the spring in a Nato effort to reassure the Baltic states over Russian aggression. Is it starting to look like WW3 yet? Let's see if the main critiques of these kinds of threads are answered. 1. Is this ""saber rattling""? No. 2. Is this move unequivocally directly related to countering Russia? Yes. 3. Is this ""fearmongering""? No. There was something in the news yesterday that seemed to slip by everyone: Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU’s representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain’s decision to allow the refuelling “scandalous”. ""It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. Only last week – this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in #Aleppo, yet today it provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose; the annihilation of Aleppo and the harassment of EU & NATO forces ."" SOURCE Did Guy Verhofstadt just state that Russia is using a fleet of warships to terrorize EU & NATO forces? I realize that the word ""harassment"" is used in the quote above, but how does that word fit in this context? It seems like it could be a coded message. Either way, ""the harassment of EU & NATO forces"" sounds like it could be an act of war to me. That's the essence of my argument for why WW3 has already started. It's well past the point of ""saber rattling"" and ""posturing"", actual harassment/terrorism/warfare (take your pick of words) is involved. It's American election time. Just look at the Philippine situation also. Distraction at its finest. link a reply to: Rapha the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. Oh? I've stood my ground alot of times, yet this didn't make me gain any Level Up Angelic Powers, nor did I become leader of the New World and made Lucy's goon magically hang in the process? Maybe I did it wrong? Perhaps I didn't do my stance right when I stood my ground? edit on 27-10-2016 by swanne because: (no reason given) link a reply to: Profusion It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. spain cancelled this, yesterday . a reply to: Profusion i wish brtian will just let USA destroy it self and stop licking their a$$es. Russia should be left alone or at least have dialoge on similar interesets. All becasue of USA big EGO they stepped into syria edit on ThursdaythkThu, 27 Oct 2016 05:36:46 -0500America/Chicago4Thursday2016201646 by lSkrewloosel because: (no reason given) originally posted by: Ohanka We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. Why? So that we could leave Russia free to invade and occupy them again? Did I say occupy? Sorry, I meant annex. Moving troops around NATO members for training and inter-service collaboration id not new. It's just reported a bit more because to the current tensions. Note that a couple of weeks ago Russia was putting massive forces into their enclave of Kaliningrad which makes the movement of a few hundred British squaddies seem a little bit of a token gesture. Kaliningrad was a part of Germany annexed by Russia after WW2 and the place was ethnically cleansed of the natives. link a reply to: Rapha Don't really see how anyone or anything for that matter could stand there ground against a nuclear attack. This has nothing to do with spiritual war, this is about humanity's inability to communicate without resorting to waving there nuclear penis at one another. If there is a third world war of the nuclear variety nobody wins and all it will serve to achieve is to set back humanity for the next 10,000 years or so. edit on 27-10-2016 by andy06shake because: (no reason given) link originally posted by: Rapha Ever wondered if it is a spiritual war where the peasants in the soldiers native country are soon to be tested by Jesus. 1) remove all military personal overseas. 2) create war between imported terrorists (ISIS) and local Brits. 3) the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. I guess a link is out of the question ? a reply to: Profusion i wish brtian will just let USA destroy it self and stop licking their a$$es. Russia should be left alone or at least have dialoge on similar interesets. All becasue of USA big EGO they stepped into syria Exactly. The dumbarses destroy each other. Britain can survive and pick up the pieces. In WW3 NO ONE WINS. So no point getting involved! As a UK citizen i refuse to support any actions of aggression and will remain neutral. I do not care if that makes me a traitor. edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given) link a reply to: crazyewok If the USA and Russia do decide to start lobbing atomics at one another whether or not Britain chooses to play the part of Americas lap dog is nether here nor there considering it will ultimately lead to full blown world war. Even if we were not targeted and they kept there exchange to there own nations we would still be blanketed by the fallout contaminating our water supply's, food stuffs, land and atmosphere beyond repair for the next few thousand years. So your no traitor for not supporting there crazy nonsensical saber rattling, point of fact i imagine most people can see Nuclear war for the no brainer it actually is. link originally posted by: swanne I've stood my ground alot of times, yet this didn't make me gain any Level Up Angelic Powers, nor did I become leader of the New World and made Lucy's goon magically hang in the process? Maybe I did it wrong? Perhaps I didn't do my stance right when I stood my ground? By not committing suicide is already a stance. A lot of people are losing it now with suicides on the rise. It will be at least a week or two before something big happens. Just hang-in-there. We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. They've been nothing but trouble since we let them in. Turkey can go too. This is right, and not only for warmongerers reasons! But we also should not forget that these miniature states are only used too, like the rest of dumb europe. By the anglo-american axis, some call it meanwhile the new axis of evil. Bceause, for the simple reason that russia didn´t break made promises, after the Globalists ""reunited"" Germany, let´s better say brought down the wall(To be honest, there is no unity between german people, often not even in the own families, less than ever between the east and west of germany). The broken promises were about the eastward enlargement of the NATO. NATO's Eastward Expansion Did the West Break Its Promise to Moscow? ""Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has accused the West of breaking promises made after the fall of the Iron Curtain, saying that NATO's expansion into Eastern Europe violated commitments made during the negotiations over German reunification. Newly discovered documents from Western archives support the Russian position."" Russia didn´t expand his military troops to the borders of the USA or UK, didn´t build a rocket shield in Mexico, Canada or elsewhere at the borders of the USA. I read right now that Orban acts the same like Erdolf aka Erdogan. The last hungarian newspaper that reported about the criminal acts of the Orban family, the ""Népszabadság"" was closed down, freedom of the press is almost terminated now. And those EU puppets send taxmoney to such states and get nothing but problems back, but don´t even try to stop such Hobby Hitlers. Good that Erdolfistan is not in the EU like hungaria and the other ""want revenge from russia"" liliputh states. And the people that elected Orban, just for anti-refugee and othe Nazi reasons, for nothing else? Another year under Orban and they will end as refugees in western europe! That will become embarrassing for the anti-refugee masses... To come to an end. It´s obvisiously the ""west"" who is playing foul, playing foul and nothing else than that, at least since 9/11. The anglo-american axis(the modern mass surveillance pioneers) is surrounding russia, not russia the ""west""(and is using it´s idiot european ""partners"" for this). It´s not russia that covers every part of the world with his military and his eavesdrop stations. It´s not russia that ""owns"" almost unsinkable aircraft carries like Germany(38.500 US troops in germany), for example. It´s not russia that stores nuke in germany, that we germans aren´t even allowed to own or store on our territory. The NSA isn´t russian. TTIP, CETA, NAFTA, TISA and all that, isn´t russian. The bankster crash 2008 was not based in russia. The robber baron capitalism that ""feeds"" a few but exploits 99,9% is not coming from communism(though they learned fast how it works). Monsanto, Dupont etc, not russian. I could go on and on, but i have to come to an end.",0
9343,'Sacrificing a Chicken to Moloch' — The Clinton-Podesta Email Scandal is All About SATANISM,"'Sacrificing a Chicken to Moloch'— The Clinton-Podesta Email Scandal is All About SATANISM The Clinton-Podesta email scandal is truly an astonishing and revealing exposé. Although, to be fa... http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/sacrificing-chicken-to-moloch-clinton.html The Clinton-Podesta email scandal is truly an astonishing and revealing exposé. Although, to be fair to those researchers studying the dark underbelly of the New World Order conspiracy, it is more revealing than astonishing, since we have known for some time that the inner echelon of the New World Order is heavily into pedophilia and Satanism . Now, however, there is proof in black and white in the form of the leaked emails of John Podesta, former lobbyist and Clinton campaign manager. Thanks to WikiLeaks, we now have the verified, authentic emails of Podesta. They are replete with references to pedophilia and Satanism – although the pedophilia is couched in code language. The code is still being worked on by various independent researchers around the web.Despite the fact we don't know the exact meaning, it is still very clear that it is some kind of code, since some of the sentences and context are completely unnatural and deliberately cryptic. Hopefully, even though Hillary Clinton will no longer be the next US president, enough people will take the time to inform themselves about this crucial connection – the link between our ""elite"" criminal leaders and their adherence to Satanism (devil worship, black magic , etc.) which propels them into dark activities such as pedophilia . Satanic References in Clinton-Podesta Email Chains: Sacrificing a Chicken in the Backyard to Moloch It's tempting to write this all of as wild conspiracy and rationalize it away, but you can't when the proof is right in front of your face. Check out this email, number 30489 , from the WikiLeaks archive (image above): ""W ith fingers crossed, the old rabbit's foot out of the box in the attic, I will be sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to Moloch . ."" Sacrificing a chicken to Moloch. This may be taken literally, or it quite possible that in pedophilia code that chicken means child , in which case it may be referring to child sacrifice . Either way, the line is an apparent reference to Moloch, a favorite god of Satanism and a Canaanite god associated with child sacrifice. Moloch is the deity worshiped at Bohemian Grove as a giant 40 foot owl. Thanks to the footage obtained by Alex Jones when he broke into Bohemian Grove in the year 2000, we know that the NWO conspirators who gather there partake in a dark ceremony known as the ""Cremation of Care"" which features human sacrifice. That particular video appears to show mock sacrifice, but there are people who have personally gone through the horror of being hunted at Bohemian Grove (such as Kathy Collins ) and lived to tell the story. Even if you don't believe that, the very fact that people are gathered around in secret worshiping dark forces and deliberately trying to destroy the compassion, empathy and love inside of themselves (""cremate care"") is a very disturbing reality – especially when you consider these are the people running our world . Here are even more Satanic references. Click the following image to enlarge (or save it to your computer and read it zoomed in): Pedophilia Code: Pizza, Pasta, Cheese, Walnut Sauce and More Sites such as WeAreChange have already done a great job exposing Marina Abramovic and her invitation to the Podesta brothers (both John and Tony) for spirit cooking dinners at her house, where the participants would engage in weird Satanic rituals involving body fluids such as blood, semen and breast milk, and using animal (?) blood. — Read more on the subject here . WikiLeaks Podesta email 15893 revealed the spirit cooking invitation. In a different email chain (below), Hillary Clinton asks her assistant Huma Abedin if Marina will be going with Huma. From WeAreChange: ""Abramovic is known for her often-gory art that confronts pain and ritual. Her first performance involved repeatedly, stabbing herself in her hands. The next performance featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming five-point star ..."" These are some of the words Marina painted in blood on her wall during her supposed spirit cooking: ""Fresh morning urine sprinkle over nightmare dreams ... with a sharp knife cut deeply into your middle finger of your left hand feel the pain ..."" Meanwhile, numbers 43113 , 35581 and 32795 (among many many others) all contain strange and unnatural references to food items such as pizza, pasta, cheese, walnut sauce, ice cream and more. Who speaks like this? ""Hi John, The realtor found a handkerchief (I think it has a map that seems pizza-related. Is it yorus? They can send it if you want. I know you're busy, so feel free not to respond if it's not yours or you don't want it."" Some have suggested the code is something like this: Dominos = domination / BDSM",0
9344,Comment on Man of Sin: Obama says illegal aliens can vote because they are U.S. citizens by Christian Zionist,"Posted on November 6, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 9 Comments 
Barack Obama, a sitting President of the U.S. of A., not only tells a bald-faced lie — that “undocumented immigrants,” i.e., illegal aliens, are U.S. citizens — he actively encourages illegals to vote, with impunity. 
What a slap in the face of countless people across the world who actually respect this country’s laws by applying to immigrate to the United States. 
Here’s the video, followed by my transcript: 
Woman who identifies herself as a Millenial “ Dreamer ,” i.e., she illegally came into the U.S. when she was a minor (defined as younger than 16 years old): “The Millenial Dreamers, undocumented citizens — and I call them citizens because they contribute to this country — are fearful of voting. So if I vote, will Immigration know where I live, will they come for my family and deport us?” 
Obama: “Not true, and the reason is, first of all, when you vote, you are a citizen yourself, and there is not a situation when the voting rolls somehow are transferred over and people start investigating. The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential.” 
Words no longer have meaning: “Undocumented citizens” is a new Orwellian oxymoron. 
Recall that Obama had studied Constitutional law at Harvard Law School. His course of study must have been How to Subvert the U.S. Constitution. 
Why isn’t Congress impeaching this outlaw and disgrace to the presidency? 
H/t “Barry Soetoro”",0
9345,CIA’s Brainwashing Mayhem is in the Full Swing in the EU | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: Europe It is now an undisputed fact that the Western democratic values and the so-called “freedom of speech” that have been heralded for a long time as the principal achievements of the Western world are nothing but empty slogans. This is evidenced by the latest resolution of the European Parliament on countering Russia’s media influence dubbed the “EU strategic communications with a view to counteracting propaganda.” This document was initiated by a Polish member of the European Parliament, Anna Fotyga who claims that Russia has been providing financial support to opposition political parties and organizations in the EU, thereby undermining the unity of its states. It is noteworthy that the authors behind this document are speaking about the necessity of media pluralism and freedom of information, while introducing a form of censorship against all Russian media sources. At the same time those behind this curious paper advocate the revocation of Article 55 of Chapter IX of the UN Charter, which demands a universal respect and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms for everyone, regardless of their race, sex, language or religion, including the rights to freedom of expression. It’s curious that delusional which hunts and the suppression of alternative media sources has recently become one of the principal attributes of the European politics. This is clearly shown by the report that has been presented by Dr Andrew Foxall, the Director of the Russia Studies Centre at The Henry Jackson Society, that advocates the notion that activists, journalists, and politicians should point out the pro-Russian connections of individuals and parties across the political spectrum and challenge the credibility of these entities via political debates, while personal and organizational connections of left- and right-wing politicians and parties and their Russian counterparts should be mapped across Europe. It’s curious that Dr Marcus Papadopoulos, the editor in chief of Politics First has been outraged by the above mentioned report, calling it manifestation of a modern form of McCarthyism. Papadopoulos is convinced that this is nothing but a slap in the face of freedom of speech and a rather stupid attempt to try to silence those who disagree with with the UK government. It’s curious that UK politicians are convinced they can call “idiots” anybody who disagrees with their position. Moreover, the “Foxall’s proclamation” was released on the eve of the discussion of the EU strategic communications with a view to counteracting propaganda in the EU parliament and has become a sort of foundation for this document. This means that the Operation Mockingbird that was launched by the CIA in the 1950s hasn’t been discontinued and is now being implemented in the EU. If you take a look at the rapidly growing funding of the European corporate media sources, it becomes obvious that America’s loyal puppets have been busy producing disinformation on the massive scale. Every day we witness new articles being published that have nothing in common with reality, yet no amount of evidence can force those corporate media sources to confess that they’ve been deliberately lying. Just take a look at the role Western media played in the Ukrainian crisis, where Russia’s position is just being ignored by every single Western journal and newspaper. Yet, the fact that Russia hasn’t been preparing any sort of occupation of Ukraine has been proven by France’s military intelligence, General Christophe Gomart in the speech he delivered in front of the French National Assembly. Yet, his report was just ignored. It must be clearly understood that a web of deception is always being created by the CIA in those regions and in those periods when specific Washington’s actions may become the cause of serious criticism and may lead to the manifestation of one’s independence from the United States. For this purpose, the White House annually allocates billions of dollars to the National Endowment for Democracy, USAID, the CIA and countless NGOs to spread disinformation. However, such steps are not causing alarm among European politicians, that are subjecting their people to vassal dependency on Washington and its position. Back in 2011 the Guardian would report : The US military is developing software that will let it secretly manipulate social media sites by using fake online personas to influence internet conversations and spread pro-American propaganda. A Californian corporation has been awarded a contract with United States Central Command (Centcom), which oversees US armed operations in the Middle East and Central Asia, to develop what is described as an “online persona management service” that will allow one US serviceman or woman to control up to 10 separate identities based all over the world. The multiple persona contract is thought to have been awarded as part of a programme called Operation Earnest Voice (OEV), which was first developed in Iraq as a psychological warfare weapon against the online presence of al-Qaida supporters and others ranged against coalition forces. Since then, OEV is reported to have expanded into a $200m programme and is thought to have been used against jihadists across Pakistan, Afghanistan and the Middle East. Today we can witness the direct result of this program on most European forums, where those dissatisfied with their elected officials are being subjected to harassment and trolling. Yes, the delusional notion about the so-called “Russian propaganda” is the talk of the day in the EU, while the aggressive Washington’s disinformation campaign is being silently ignored, as if nothing of interest was happening in this domain. Grete Mautner is an indepenent researcher and journalist from Germany, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook. ” Popular Articles ",0
9346,Mrs. Weiner,"Feds get a warrant to start search for classified info in 650,000 emails - thousands of them from her private server - on sexting Weiner's laptop. Clinton faces ongoing FBI probe even if she's elected President By Wills Robinson Daily Mail November 1, 2016 The FBI now has a warrant to read the emails from Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton ‘s most trusted aide, which were among hundreds of thousands discovered on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. Law enforcement officials confirmed that investigators gained permission to start trawling through the 650,000 emails discovered on the laptop on Sunday evening, NBC reported. Thousands of them could be from Clinton’s private server. Feds seized the laptop belonging to Weiner, Abedin’s disgraced husband, in September after DailyMail.com exposed his sexting of a 15-year-old girl. In early October, agents told FBI heads they’d found emails on the laptop from Abedin that may have been deleted from Clinton’s private server but their warrant did not allow them to read emails that were not linked to the Weiner investigation. The newly reopened investigation will take time due to the sheer volume of emails to be read, the Wall Street Journal reported. It will likely take agents until well past the election to assess how many, if any, contain classified information – leaving Clinton with the prospect of facing an ongoing investigation even if she is elected president. The Democratic candidate already shows signs of slipping in the polls after an ABC News/Washington Post tracker poll revealed Trump was just one point behind – an 11 point change since last week. And since FBI director James Comey’s shock announcement on Friday that the Clinton private server probe was to be reopened, questions have continued to mount over Abedin’s future on the Clinton campaign. She has stayed behind in New York while her boss hits the campaign trail. Abedin has pleaded ignorance about how the emails ended up on husband Weiner’s laptop. She swore under oath while testifying in a lawsuit brought against the State Department by Judicial Watch that she had handed over all of her devices that could hold emails relevant to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server. If she’s found to have lied she could face up to five years in jail. On Sunday, Clinton – no longer accompanied by Abedin – said at a Florida rally that she would not be ‘knocked off course’ by Friday’s shocking development. ‘I’m not stopping now, we’re just getting warmed up,’ she declared to a packed crowd with many gay and lesbian supporters in the city of Wilton Manors. ‘We’re not going to be distracted, no matter what our opponents throw at us.’ Donald Trump delivered a swift kick to disgraced former Democratic congressman Weiner on Sunday, thanking him for preserving the emails that could bring Clinton down.",0
9347,"Erdogan Sends a Text Across Turkey, Urging Loyalty - The New York Times","ISTANBUL  —   The day after Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, declared a national state of emergency in the wake of a failed coup, an anxious nation awoke on Thursday to a text message from its leader, personally exhorting continued loyalty as the government moved against its enemies. Urging his supporters to maintain their presence in public squares, where they have flocked each evening since the coup attempt failed, he wrote, “Do not abandon the heroic resistance you have put up for your country, homeland and flag. ” Even as Turkish officials were more broadly trying to assure the public on Thursday that individual freedoms would not be threatened by the state of emergency, Mr. Erdogan’s message to nationwide cellphone customers struck a more martial tone. In particular, it carried a thinly veiled threat to a wide section of society that Mr. Erdogan views as his mortal enemy: the followers of Fethullah Gulen, a former ally and Muslim cleric who lives in Pennsylvania and whom the Turkish government has identified as the mastermind of the coup conspiracy. Turkish officials have demanded that the United States extradite him to face justice in Turkey. In his nationwide text message, Mr. Erdogan cast the nightly gatherings of his supporters in places like Taksim Square, in central Istanbul, as necessary to protect the country from Mr. Gulen. He wrote: “To teach the traitor, the terrorist”  —   a reference to Mr. Gulen’s following, which the Turkish government calls the Fethullah Terrorist Organization  —   “a lesson, continue your resistance and duty to guard democracy. The owners of our squares are not tanks, but the people. ” In the wake of the failed coup, which plunged the country into chaos after a night of violence that began late Friday, the government has moved quickly to purge from society tens of thousands of people now considered active or potential enemies. Some   generals and officers have been arrested on charges of plotting the coup, but thousands of soldiers, judges, teachers, police officers, governors and others either have been detained or have lost their jobs. All of them, according to the government, have links to Mr. Gulen. Mr. Gulen has denied any involvement in the coup plot, and insists that his movement within Turkey is peaceful. Now that Mr. Erdogan has declared a state of emergency, giving the state the power to bypass Parliament and pass laws that could possibly limit individual freedoms and suspend the rule of law for issues like pretrial detentions, many Turks are worried that the purge of suspected enemies will broaden. The concern is that Mr. Erdogan will target any and all opponents, not just those who are suspected of being followers of Mr. Gulen or of being linked to the coup. On Thursday, many saw a strong signal that that was already happening, as a prominent and widely regarded human rights lawyer, Orhan Kemal Cengiz, was detained in Istanbul, outraging human rights activists. The exact reason for his detention was unclear, but Mr. Cengiz has been a longtime critic of Mr. Erdogan’s government. “Orhan Kemal Cengiz is a respected human rights lawyer,” said Andrew Gardner, the Turkey researcher for Amnesty International. “He’s a columnist, and a lot of his work is about human rights issues. ” Some speculated that it was Mr. Cengiz’s work in the past for newspapers affiliated with Mr. Gulen, like Today’s Zaman, seized this year by the government, that led to his detention. If that was the case, it suggested that the government was using a very wide definition of who may be affiliated with Mr. Gulen. “He had worked for Today’s Zaman and other   newspapers,” Mr. Gardner said. “But he is in no way pushing editorial lines in his columns that are supportive of Fethullah Gulen. ” Mr. Cengiz, who was challenging in court the seizure by the government of Today’s Zaman and its   sister publication, Zaman, was detained at the airport on his way to London for a conference. Earlier in the week, Turkey effectively barred academics from traveling abroad. Still, Turkish officials on Thursday moved to assure the public that the state of emergency would not lead to the widespread curtailment of individual freedoms, and that the government would focus only on targeting suspected coup plotters. “I want to guarantee that fundamental rights and freedoms and normal daily life will not be affected by this,” Numan Kurtulmus, a deputy prime minister, told reporters in Ankara, the capital. As required of a member of the Council of Europe, Turkey said it was suspending its participation in the European Convention on Human Rights, as France did after the terrorist attacks in Paris last year. Officials also sought to contain the economic fallout from Turkey’s crisis, even though the value of the Turkish lira has already plunged against the dollar. “Life of ordinary people and businesses will go unimpacted, uninterrupted, business will be as usual,” Mehmet Simsek, a deputy prime minister and former finance minister, said in an interview with NTV, a private broadcaster. Also on Thursday, a court in Alexandroupolis in northern Greece sentenced eight Turkish military officers who fled to Greece on a helicopter after the failed coup to two months in prison, finding them guilty of illegal entry into the country. The Turkish officers’ sentence was suspended for three years, but the eight were detained pending the outcome of their requests for political asylum in Greece. Turkey has called on Greece to swiftly extradite the officers, who have claimed that they were not involved in the coup but that they fled the country in fear of their lives. Mr. Erdogan has used the failed coup to whip up the emotions of his religiously conservative base of supporters, representing roughly half the country. That has intensified concerns that the president’s provocative language could lead to lasting divisions, and possibly incite more violence. Earlier in the week, a banner seen flying over Taksim Square, seemingly a message from Erdogan supporters to Mr. Gulen and his followers, promised as much: “We will hang you and your dogs by your own leashes. ”",0
9348,Menendez Grills Tillerson on Mexico: Communists Build Walls Like in Berlin - Breitbart,"Wednesday during the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s hearing for   Donald Trump’s Secretary of State nominee, former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Sen. Bob Menendez ( ) criticized Trump’s proposed border wall by saying, “The last time a country tried to wall itself completely from a neighbor was in Berlin in 1961. And that wall was constructed by communist East Germany. ”  Partial transcript as follows: MENENDEZ: Let me turn to Mexico, a little different part of the world than we have been discussing. Some of us care about the Western Hemisphere. Last week the   stated any money spent on the wall will be paid by Mexico. Mr. Tillerson, build a wall on the southern border and having Mexico pay for it has been a hallmark chant at Trump rallies. Now the   says the American people will pay for it and have Mexican reimburse us. I also want to point out the last time a country tried to wall itself completely from a neighbor was in Berlin in 1961. And that wall was constructed by communist East Germany. The former Mexican president last week tweeted that   —   somehow we are conducting foreign policy by tweets these days  —   that ‘Trump may ask whoever he wants but still neither myself nor Mexico are going to pay for his racist monument. Another promise he can’t keep.’ Close quotes. As you’re well aware, the   has repeatedly referred to Mexican citizens who have come to the United States as saying they’re sending, quote, ‘people that have lots of problems and they’re bringing those problems with them. They’re bringing drugs, they’re bringing crime, they’re rapists and some, some I assume are good people.’ So Mr. Tillerson, do you think Mexicans are criminals drug dealers and rapists? TILLERSON: I would never characterize an entire population of people with any single term at all. MENENDEZ:  Do you think that those comments help our relationship with Mexico, our third largest trading partner, a trading partner that represents $583 billion in trades of goods and services, including our second largest goods export market? TILLERSON: Mexico is a   neighbor and friend of this country. MENENDEZ:  And so that doesn’t help your job as secretary of state, does it, if you are to achieve nomination? TILLERSON: Well, we’re going to engage with Mexico because of their importance to us in this  hemisphere and we have many common issues of concern. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
9349,"Living in Darkness, but Holding On to Hope in Liberia - The New York Times","SAYON TOWN, Liberia  —   For the first time in 26 years, the electricity came on in Hayes Lewis’s modest house in this cluttered Monrovia suburb. The very next day, Mr. Lewis went out and purchased a television set, a fan and a single light bulb. The purchases cost him $250  —   about a quarter of a year’s income for the       . But it was money Mr. Lewis had been longing to spend. He remembers the time back in 1990 when the warlord Prince Johnson’s forces took over the area and fighting destroyed the nearby Mount Coffee hydroelectric plant, cutting off electricity  —   or, as Liberians call it, “current. ” “To have current, tha’ not small thing,” he said in Liberian English, motioning proudly at the light bulb in his bedroom. Except the light bulb was dark, the fan was still and the television screen was blank because the electricity, after making its much heralded return, had gone out again. On New Year’s Day, a bandit trying to steal the copper wire from one of the light poles at the newly reopened Mount Coffee Hydropower Plant had electrocuted himself, prompting the shutdown of huge swaths of the system. Five days later, Mr. Lewis once again had no current. I asked him what he was going to do. Shrugging, Mr. Lewis trudged outside and put a large rectangle object on the table. “I wi’ use Chinese lantern,” he said, resignedly. After 26 years, the irony of the situation was beyond him. He supposedly had current, but he was still using the same makeshift battery light that had gotten him through the last two decades. But that is all par for the course here in this country that, 13 years after the civil war ended, is still trying to put back together the pieces that the war ripped apart. Fourteen years of war snuffed out 200, 000 lives and laid waste to Liberia, producing generals who led ritual sacrifices of children before going into battle, naked except for shoes and a gun. By the time the war was finally over in 2003 and Charles Taylor was escorted out of the country, to eventually face a war crimes conviction, the country was left a shell. Schools were shuttered. What passed for a middle class had fled. Infrastructure was destroyed. And current was gone, taking with it running water, streetlights, and the simple assumptions of everyday life, including walking into your house and turning on the lights, or opening your refrigerator and getting a cold glass of water. Downtown Monrovia at night looked medieval candles in shopfronts cast their dim light on the ribbons of dirty water running down the gutters. Liberians, as they have for decades, simply adapted. They acquired Tiger batteries, the   alternative to expensive generators, and used those to plug in their cellphones. Those cellphones they then used to light their way at night, as they traveled in the dark along rural roads and city streets. They bought   Chinese lanterns every other day. In Liberia, the phrase “Chinese lantern” does not apply to the     red and gold lights that people string up at Chinese New Year. Instead, it is an ugly square or rectangular   light, the kind you might use at a campground at night. Even the wealthiest Liberians  —   those with access to generators  —   still hoard electricity as if it’s about to be taken from them. If you walk into the average Liberian’s house during the day, you will not find any lights glowing, let alone   fans, televisions, radios or refrigerators running. In fact, most Liberians with generators don’t have refrigerators they have a deep freezer that they plug in for a few hours at night, long enough to get cold. Then they unplug it and keep the door closed, sometimes for up to two days, until they decide it needs another   juicing. When President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf arrived at the Mount Coffee plant on a Friday in December to flick the switch that would officially signal the reopening of the plant, it was a big deal here. Flanked by Linda   the Obama administration’s assistant secretary of state for African affairs, Ms. Sirleaf was visibly buoyant, in no small part because, as she nears the end of her term in office, she was finally making good on an early promise from 2006 that she would get Mount Coffee up and running again. The United States, Germany, Norway and the European Investment Bank contributed to the $357 million project, which was delayed after the Ebola outbreak in 2014. Finally, last summer, neighborhoods like Mr. Lewis’s began getting hooked up to the electrical grid, in anticipation of the hydropower plant’s reopening in December. But the process is slow. In Sayon Town, Mark Laffor, 30, was selling DVDs in his tiny stall, using the power of the same small generator that he has been using for years. He was supposed to be one of the people to benefit when Mount   electricity, with its far lower price tag, returned. But he said his current lasted only a couple of days before going back out. “We were having current but they said the pole was destroyed,” he said, shaking his head in frustration. A few houses down from Mr. Laffor,   old Nora Tabah, a market woman, proudly invited me into her home to show off the single light bulb she had recently installed in the hallway. “For years I was living in darkness,” she said. She was still living in darkness. Like Mr. Lewis, her current had gone out after a few days. But Ms. Tabah, who sells farina and kola nuts in front of her house, expressed optimism that things were about to change. “I ‘coming buy freezer,” she said. Hedrick Walker, 24, owns a shop in Sayon Town that sells “yama yama”  —   water, biscuits, Spam,   and the like. He said both his life and the town had changed now that Mount Coffee had come back on. “It’s more lively now,” he said. “I used to close at 6 p. m. ” when the sun goes down. “Now,” he said proudly, “I am open until 11 p. m. ”  —   at least on nights when the electricity is on. A few miles away, at Raymond Camp, just outside the Mount Coffee plant, Fatu Quay, 32, sitting at a table in her house that also serves as a shop, said that she was hedging her bets on electricity in Liberia. She spent $15 in December to purchase electricity when the power plant came online, and was pleased to see that two weeks later she still had money in her account. “But then the current went out,” she said, grinning. Quickly she switched back to the expensive generator that, for about $300 a month, has provided her with electricity at night, adding that she has no plans to get rid of it anytime soon. Like most Liberians, she said she didn’t use electricity during the day. But she is hoping that the cheaper Mount   electricity will return before her aunt comes to visit this month. “She’s coming from America,” Ms. Quay said, “so I will have to turn the current on in the day to run fan for her. ”",0
9351,George Will on Fox News Shake-Up: ’I Have a Feeling Mr. O’Reilly Is Replaceable’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on CNBC’s “Power Lunch,” Washington Post columnist George Will reacted to the news of Bill O’Reilly, host of Fox News Channel’s flagship program “The O’Reilly Factor,” would be parting ways with Fox News amid allegations of sexual harassment.  Will, who had a   with O’Reilly in November 2015 over some of the details in O’Reilly’s “Killing Reagan” book, said for Fox News to brand itself as something other than “a somewhat stale product” was contingent on moving beyond O’Reilly. “It’s like being called you ugly by a frog,” Will said. “Mr. O’Reilly is, on air is reckless, coarse and bullying. Turns out off the air, he’s reckless, coarse and bullying. So there’s a kind of seamlessness here. I think Fox News has to decide what it wants to be and for whom it wants to be a news source. It seems as long as Bill O’Reilly is the face of Fox News, and let’s face it, he is, their ability to expand their brand and to diversify their audience and become something other than a somewhat stale product depends on moving beyond Bill O’Reilly. ” “Power Lunch”   Michelle   asked how that squared with the fact the O’Reilly puts up the biggest numbers in cable news, to which Will said it was based more on brand loyalty than personalities. “Well, the question is, are they loyal to Bill O’Reilly or are they loyal to the Fox brand itself?” Will replied. “When Megyn Kelly left, and they put Tucker Carlson in her slot, nothing happened. The ratings stayed strong, and the viewers were happy. I have a feeling that Mr. O’Reilly is replaceable. As Charles de Gaulle once said, the graveyards are full of indispensable men. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
9352,It’s Time to Ignore Advice About Which Stocks to Buy in 2017 - The New York Times,"It’s that time of year when financial advice sites issue their lists of the “Stocks to Buy for 2017. ” Before you take them up on their suggestions, let’s look at how well such portfolios did in 2016. The portfolios of stocks they were telling you to buy generally did much worse than the stock market over all. The results underline what many personal finance experts recommend: Invest in a broad,   mutual index fund. (The Times’s “Your Money” columnist wrote more on this here.) In 2016, the broad S. P. stock index increased 9. 5 percent. But if you invested in Forbes’s 2016 list, your money grew about 7 percent. Kiplinger’s was about half that. A list that appeared on the Money magazine site garnered 4. 9 percent, and Barron’s returned 5. 3 percent. One such list at CNBC did a little better than most at 10. 6 percent. But Vanguard’s Total Stock index fund returned 12. 5 percent in the same period. We even calculated these returns by assuming that any of the dividends were reinvested, but still none beat the widely owned index fund. There is nothing wrong with these lists if you are using them as mere suggestions of what companies might be worth investigating. There were some bona fide winners on almost every list: Goldman Sachs, Kennametal, Ellie Mae, Douglas Dynamics,   Burlington Stores. You might not have heard of some of those companies, so it’s not a bad place to look for ideas. But the problem with such lists is that they encourage people to approach investing the wrong way. Unsophisticated investors are being persuaded that they should own a sheaf of stocks. But as you can see, even when the stocks are recommended by professional money managers and filtered through some of the best financial journalists, they don’t do as well as the averages. The best advice remains the same: If you have money you want to play with, go have some fun with a few stocks that you can monitor closely. If you keep it simple, it’s easier to track and respond. But for the rest of us, the smart investment is  those index funds. They cost less than stocks or other funds. They remove most of the emotion from your decision making, which is the cause of a lot of bad decisions. That’s your best bet in 2017.",0
9353,REPORT: Hillary’s Friends Told To Lie About Her Email Scandal,"Chuck Norris Says Hillary Presidency Will Happen if GOP Doesn’t Support Trump 
In response to a Bloomberg claim that the FBI had recovered some of Clinton’s deleted emails, Clinton’s team was supposed to cite that claim as “proof” that Clinton never “wiped” her server clean — you know, like with a cloth or something . 
In truth, we know that Clinton’s team “wiped” the server clean with a program called “Bleachbit” shortly after the contents of the server were subpoenaed by Congress.   
The talking points also perpetuated the lie that Clinton had turned over all of her “work-related” emails to the State Department. 
Of course we learned later from the FBI investigation and Director James Comey that “several thousand” work-related emails had been recovered from the private server, emails that had never been turned over to the State Department. 
In reference to the story in The Post, the talking points falsely claimed that Clinton had “complied in full” with State Department requests to turn over all work-related emails. 
Again, the FBI investigation confirmed otherwise.  ",0
9354,The Character Assassination Of Baseball Legend Ty Cobb,"By now everyone has been reminded that the media is not infallible. It is composed of very fallible human beings who make mistakes with the same regularity as all the rest of us. I was recently reading a bit about something in statistics called “Galton’s Problem,” an observational dynamic named after its discoverer, Sir Francis Galton.
To state it very crudely, Galton’s Problem is a situation resulting when observers assume that certain things are separate and discrete, when in fact they are not. For example, those who failed to predict Donald Trump’s electoral victory assumed that social conditions in the United States were isolated from those of the rest of the world. Such people failed to notice the evidence of widespread public anger in many other countries, most notably England, Italy, France, and Hungary.
Sir Francis Galton
Failure to take into consideration the “big picture” is still forgivable, of course; no one can be right all the time, or even most of the time. Systems in the modern world suffer from too much input and data, rather than too little. But deliberate lying is quite another matter. And it is undeniable that some mainstream media outlets have deliberately sought to conceal the truth on a variety of domestic and foreign issues. Rather than act as a check on governmental power, the media has actually become an arm of government power, enforcing doctrinal orthodoxy with a variety of carrots and sticks that have proven to be reasonably effective.

Individual journalists can play significant roles in this process. Consider a favorite example of mine, the case of famed baseball player Ty Cobb. I’ve been an admirer of Cobb for a very long time, ever since reading his autobiography as a boy. Something never quite felt true about all those stories that other biographers would tell about him. The worst of these was sports writer Al Stump, whose biography of Cobb has now been discredited as mostly fabrication.
Stump was granted exclusive access to Ty Cobb in 1960 and 1961 for his biographical purposes. Cobb shared with him many intimate details of his life and career; but instead of faithfully reproducing those recollections, Stump embellished, slanted, and outright fabricated numerous anecdotes designed to cast Cobb in the worst possible light. Stump portrayed Cobb as a southern racist (Cobb was from Georgia), a misogynist, and even a murderer. Cobb was not alive at the time all these stories began to circulate and was unable to defend himself.
To add insult to injury, Stump’s writings were used as the basis for a terrible 1994 film called Cobb, which starred Tommy Lee Jones. The film is a tissue of lies and distortions that deserved to—and did—flop at the box office. The real Ty Cobb was a complex, driven, and highly intelligent figure, who knew how to court controversy when he had to, but was actually a gentleman by the standards of the era. Readers interested in further reading should consult the wonderful biography by Charles Leerhsen entitled Ty Cobb: A Terrible Beauty .
A famous photo of Cobb stealing third base
To begin with, Cobb used brains rather than brawn to beat his opponents. He made careful studies of all the top players of his day and crafted strategies designed to exploit their weaknesses. For example, when he learned that pitcher Walter Johnson hated hitting batters with pitches, Cobb would crowd the plate to force Johnson to walk him. He learned how to get inside the heads of his adversaries, forcing them to lose their tempers; when they did, Cobb would steal bases right under their noses. He remains one of the few players in history who knew how to steal home base.

One legend about Cobb that has persisted is that he was a violent brawler. This is simply not true. It is true that men of his era got into fistfights often—it was part of a healthy masculine culture back then—but he never gratuitously assaulted or struck anyone. The few incidents that have been held out as examples of his misbehavior (e.g., a fight with a black groundskeeper and assorted hotel brawls) prove to be on closer inspection nothing more than the standard types of fights that physically-minded men like him became entangled with. Nearly all ballplayers of his era engaged in them, including Babe Ruth.
Al Stump’s character assassination of Cobb went even further, painting him as an unreconstructed southern “racist” who had a grudge against blacks. This is completely false. Cobb was actually one of the few early supporters of integration in the big leagues. When asked his opinion about subject by the Sporting News in 1952, he said, “The negro has the right to compete in sports, and who is to say he has not?”
He had nothing but compliments for black athletes like Willie Mays and Jackie Robinson, and players in the Negro League whom Cobb interacted with in the 1920s confirm that there was no trace of prejudice in Cobb’s makeup. Cobb mentored younger players, corresponded with fans with personalized letters, and helped found a hospital and a college education fund.
Cobb was certainly no angel, but in hindsight he was nothing more than an aggressive, daring man who played professional sports at a time when things were much less regulated than they are now. Cobb himself may even have allowed spurious tales about himself to circulate in order to court publicity. But he had a limit, and complete fairy tales he would not tolerate.
Stump’s lies have been so pervasive and persistent that the mythology surrounding Cobb will take decades to undo. If anything, Cobb was too trusting in letting a man like Stump into his confidence. Cobb was so angry with Stump’s hatchet job that he was preparing to sue to prevent publication of Stump’s writings in 1961, just before his death. The terrible 1994 film Cobb only added more oil to the fire.
Malicious journalism can do serious damage. Sometimes the damage comes from ignorance, other times from deliberate peddling of falsehood. The motives for lying—whether coming from money, fame, or the desire to “virtue signal”—can always be found if one digs below the surface. In the modern era, the default rule must be to seek independent confirmation of news stories, and to remember that journalists are subject to the same human emotions and weaknesses as all the rest of us.
Read More : An Examination Of Cult Leader Game 
",0
9355,German Court Convicts Syrian Migrant of Plotting Islamic State Bombing,"BERLIN (AFP)  —   A    Syrian refugee was convicted in Germany Monday of planning a bomb attack on behalf of the Islamic State jihadist group and sentenced to two years’ juvenile detention. [The regional court in the western city of Cologne said in a statement that the defendant was found guilty of plotting “a serious act of violence threatening state security”.  The teenager, who was not identified by the court, was arrested at an asylum shelter in Cologne in September and went on trial in February. Police had said the suspect’s mobile phone showed he had been in touch with an IS contact abroad and expressed willingness to carry out a bombing. Investigators found online chat messages on the phone that included “concrete instructions” for building an explosive device. However the court found that the plot was thwarted at a “very early stage”. “At no time was the public specifically in danger,” it said. The teenager and his family were among the nearly 900, 000 migrants and refugees who arrived in Germany in 2015, a record influx that has fuelled security concerns. The suspect was brought to police attention after residents and employees at the refugee shelter where he was staying voiced concerns that he had been radicalised, as did a local mosque. The court found that the “particular loneliness” of his housing situation at the shelter meant that he spent most of his time on his mobile phone, making him easy prey for jihadist propaganda online. Germany has been on high alert since a series of attacks last year claimed by IS, the deadliest of which was a truck rampage through a Berlin Christmas market which killed 12 people in December.",0
9356,The Fed Is Learning Just How Hard the Exit From Easy Money Will Be - The New York Times,"This is the buzz saw that Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, walked into as she addressed the news media  —   and by extension, every trading floor on earth  —   Wednesday afternoon. The Fed’s official mission is to take care of the American economy, and the economy is doing pretty well. The unemployment rate is 4. 7 percent, its lowest in nine years and around the level Federal Reserve officials think is sustainable in the long run. Wages are rising steadily. After a soft first quarter, economic growth is accelerating. For Ms. Yellen, a labor economist with decades of experience, it all points to a recipe for higher inflation, a single month of weak jobs data notwithstanding. Some of her colleagues would also emphasize that keeping rates too low could create imbalances in the economy and spur new financial crises. But global financial markets aren’t having it. If you take bond and currency markets at face value, the underlying path of growth in the United States is too weak and global deflationary forces too powerful the Fed will need to raise interest rates much slower than its officials say they expect. If markets could talk, they would be saying: “We don’t think you’ll raise interest rates as much as you say, and if you do it anyway you’ll probably regret it. ” All 17 top officials of the Fed expect an interest rate increase to happen this year, according to projections they released Wednesday. Yet financial futures markets price in only about a 40 percent chance that it will happen. Fed officials envision a 2. 4 percent interest rate target at the end of 2018, versus 0. 6 percent that is priced into the markets. Fed officials see inflation rising to its target of 2 percent by 2018 and staying there the price of   bonds implies it will be much lower. There are technical factors that distort those market signals, as Ms. Yellen noted in her news conference. For example, aggressive   by the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan may be sending money flooding across borders into   American bonds, making American rates lower than the economic fundamentals would justify. But even with those distortions, Ms. Yellen and the Fed face danger if they ignore these market signals entirely. A pattern has repeated for years: Markets expect slower growth, lower inflation and a slower path of rate increases than Fed officials themselves markets turn out to be right. Two years ago, for example, the median projection among Fed officials was that its interest rate target would be 2. 5 percent at the end of 2016. A year ago it was 1. 68 percent at the end of 2016. Now both look like pipe dreams. Fed leaders expect a 0. 9 percent rate at the end of the year, and markets expect 0. 4 percent. Ms. Yellen and the Fed have been grappling with which set of signals to listen to, and the tone that pervaded her news conference Wednesday was one of uncertainty. “We’re quite uncertain about where rates are heading in the longer term,” she said. “Many of us believe as a base case it’s reasonable to assume those rates will move up over time, but we aren’t certain about that. There could be revisions in either direction. ” Ultimately, by holding off on a June rate increase and marking down rate forecasts for the months ahead, the Fed nudged its views toward market views. As Fed officials make their decisions at their remaining four meetings of 2016, the issue that hangs over them is as complex as ever. It is not merely about evaluating how the United States economy is doing and whether it remains solidly on track  —   and given the flaws in economic data, that job is hard enough. Fed officials must also weigh whether the global force of low inflation is so powerful as to continue dragging down prices in the United States even after the domestic economy has healed. They have to figure out whether the feedback loops between economic weakness and easy money in other countries create unconventional risks to the United States by raising rates too quickly. The 2008 financial crisis was a profound test of the Fed’s ability to prevent economic collapse from 2009 to 2012, the central bank made crucial decisions to keep pushing the United States economy toward recovery. This year is showing just how intricate the exit from this era of easy money will truly be.",0
9357,"World leaders congratulate Trump, Putin ""anxious to improve relations with America""","
The threat of World War 3 is over! We can now breathe relaxed people! World War 3 will have to wait for another era! It is time for peace and prosperity.
RUSSIA 
Russia is ready and looks forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, commenting on the news of Donald Trump’s victory in the US presidential election.
“We heard [Trump’s] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow.
“We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added.
Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”
Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other’s views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US.
The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some “burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported.
On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that “building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other’s positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.”
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.
“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said.
“The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday.
A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton’s stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.
“[Playing the] ‘Russian card’ and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted.
According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia’s relations with the US “was not our choice,” however.
For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia’s interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month.
The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.
FRANCE 
In France, Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has said that the election results mustn’t weaken relations between Europe and the US, and assured that France remains an ally of the US, and will have to see what the new president’s policies will be.
The leader of the French “National front” party, Marine le Pen, has congratulated Trump on his win over Twitter, posting, “Congratulations to the new US president Donald Trump and the free American people!”
ITALY 
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who had previously openly supported Hillary Clinton, congratulated Donald Trump and gave assurances that Italy’s ties with the United States remain strong.
“I wish him well. The Italo-American friendship is solid,” Renzi said at the start of a speech in Rome.
UNITED KINGDOM 
UK Prime Minister Theresa May expressed readiness to work with Donald Trump “building ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations.”
Nigel Farage, UK Independence Party leader, who was a figurehead in Britain’s exit from the European Union, said Trump has fought a brave campaign.
“I hand over the mantle to @RealDonaldTrump! Many congratulations. You have fought a brave campaign,” Farage wrote on this Twitter. Earlier he said he would accept a job from Donald Trump if the latter became president.
HUNGARY 
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban responded to Trump’s victory with the words “what a great news. Democracy is still alive,” posted on his Facebook page.
AUSTRIA 
Austria will remain a “bridge builder” between the East and West and is ready to cooperate with any head of state chosen by the American people, Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz said.
“We are a ‘bridge builder’ and the country in which both the East and the West are well represented. We will continue with this course. We will accept any result of the election and will continue to strive for joint work with the United States,” Kurtz said on radio OE1, as cited by RIA Novosti news agency. He also compared the results of the US election with the Brexit vote.
Austria’s far-right Freedom Party (FPO) leader Heinz-Christian Strache said Trump’s victory in the election is the righteous punishment for the corrupt establishment.
“The political left as well as the aloof and sleazy establishment are being punished by voters and voted out of various decision-making positions,” Strache said on Facebook. His party is hopeful its own anti-immigrant and EU-critical candidate Norbert Hofer will become the European Union’s first far-right head of state on December 4.
PALESTINE 
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said in a statement that he “congratulates the elected American president, Donald Trump, and hopes that peace will be achieved during his term,” as cited by AP.
INDIA 
Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi also congratulated Trump, tweeting he is “looking forward to working with [Trump] closely to take India-US bilateral ties to a new height.”
AUSTRALIA 
Australia’s foreign minister, Julie Bishop, said her government is ready to work with “whomever the American people in their wisdom choose to be their president.” She noted that the US administration “will have a number of challenges, particularly in our region, and we want to work constructively with the new administration to ensure the continued presence and leadership of the United States in our region.”
SOUTH KOREA 
One of America’s top allies in the Pacific, South Korea, said that they would expect the US to go on with the policy of pressuring North Korea.
",0
