id,title,text,label
10390,Surprise! Insurance Paid the E.R. but Not the Doctor - The New York Times,"Doug Moore was out of town at a Florida conference on information technology in October 2015 when he was struck with terrible abdominal pain. He tried to go to an urgent care center and called several local doctors. No one could see him. So he headed to the nearest emergency room. On the way, he called his insurance company to make sure the visit would be covered. Once he got to the Palms of Pasadena Hospital emergency room, a doctor gave him some medication and tests, and let him go. A month later, feeling better and back at home in Baton Rouge, La. Mr. Moore, 34, received an    bill from the doctor who treated him  —   for $1, 620. “That really makes me mad, and kind of breaks my heart,” he said. When people go to the emergency room, they are often stunned to discover that doctors who treated them are not employed by the hospital and bill their insurance company separately. These doctors negotiate separate deals with insurance companies for payment. If the doctor and the insurance company never strike a deal, the visit is billed at much higher    rates. While the insurance company sometimes pays the higher amount, unlucky patients like Mr. Moore can be caught in the crossfire. They receive care and have no idea what it will end up costing them. New research published in The New England Journal of Medicine on Wednesday found that more than one in five patients visiting the emergency room may face the same financial shock. The study looked at billing data from one large national insurer and found that 22 percent of the time, patients who went to a hospital covered by their plan still received a bill from a doctor who was not in the insurance company’s network. The average such bill cost more than $900, though there was a wide range the highest was for more than $19, 000. This is not the first time researchers have examined  surprise medical bills, but it’s the broadest analysis to date of the problem nationwide. The study found wide variation across the country over the likelihood that someone would get a surprise medical bill. In McAllen, Tex. for example, the rates of surprise billing were 89 percent, compared with Boulder, Colo. where it was near zero. Once patients get to the emergency room, they have little choice over who treats them. “To put it in very, very blunt terms: This is the health equivalent of a carjacking,” said Zack Cooper, an assistant professor of health policy and economics at Yale University, and a   of the paper. Mr. Cooper argues that the problem could be solved by Congress, which could make the visit a package that includes both the doctor and hospital. Consumer advocates, and scholars like Mr. Cooper, see the surprise bill as unfair. It’s nearly impossible for patients to uncover the contract arrangements of individual physicians once they walk into an emergency room  —   or are brought by ambulance. “People are, by and large, not aware that they’re playing that type of financial roulette,” said Chuck Bell, the programs director at Consumers Union, an advocacy group that has been urging states and Congress to help solve the problem. “They follow the rules, and they go to the   hospital, and then it’s just like a   . ” Several states have passed legislation aimed at tackling the problem, including New York, Florida and California, where a law recently went into effect. But the state laws affect only a fraction of insurance customers. Insurance offered by large companies, like Mr. Moore’s employer, is regulated under federal law. And most of the laws work by setting up a dispute resolution system for patients, which means they need to know they can go to state authorities to fight a big bill. Congressman Lloyd Doggett, a Democrat from Texas, introduced legislation last year to tackle the practice nationwide, but he said he experienced “a healthy dose of indifference” from his colleagues on the Ways and Means committee. Mr. Doggett had heard complaints of surprise bills from constituents, and it turns out that the new study found that Texas is a hot spot for the practice. Mr. Doggett said he would introduce the legislation again next year. “I think that there’s got to be a way to get consumers out of this trap,” he said. President Obama included proposals to limit    emergency room bills in his budget proposal, and recent regulations have made it more difficult for doctors to collect certain bills, though those rules are being fought in court by physicians. The acting administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has said that surprise bills are a policy priority for him. The data in the study come from one large commercial insurer, but the researchers agreed not to name it in exchange for access. Mr. Cooper said there was only a little difference in the share of surprise bills in places where the insurance company had a lot of customers, compared with those where it did less business. Emergency room doctors criticized the study’s findings and were quick to blame the insurers. The American College of Emergency Physicians, the medical society that represents the doctors, said patients are much less likely to face large unexpected bills than the study suggested, citing an analysis the group did in Florida of patients who were “balance billed,” or asked to make up the difference between what the insurer pays and what the doctor bills. “Our balance bills are less than a couple of hundred dollars, on average,” said Dr. Rebecca Parker, the group’s president. She said that most doctors want to be included in networks but that they are not being offered reasonable fees. “This is insurance company bad behavior,” said Dr. Parker, whose group this week put out a parody video that accuses the insurers of paying too little for their work. Insurance companies like to blame the physicians, arguing that while they can reach a deal with the hospitals, there are many doctors who refuse to be part of the network they offer under a plan. And the insurers argue hospitals have a responsibility to make sure the outside doctors they use to staff their emergency rooms sign contracts with the same health plans they do. “This would go a long way to reduce and prevent consumers from receiving a big surprise balance bill,” Kristine Grow, a spokeswoman for America’s Health Insurance Plans, a trade group, said in an email. The new paper’s authors agree. When Mr. Moore received his doctor’s bill, he tried appealing the charge to his insurance company. “We understand that you went to a preferred provider facility and did not have a choice of the emergency room physician who treated you,” his insurer wrote back  —   but denied the claim. Then he went to the private practice that had sent him the bill. It was willing to negotiate. “They knocked off half the bill,” he said. “Which is great. It’s like, would you rather get punched four times or two times? I guess two times is better. ”",0
10391,BREAKING: Weiner Cooperating With FBI On Hillary Email Investigation,"Red State : 
Fox News Sunday reported this morning that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI, which has re-opened (yes, lefties: “re-opened”) the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s classified emails. Watch as Chris Wallace reports the breaking news during the panel segment near the end of the show: 
And the news is breaking while we’re on the air. Our colleague Bret Baier has just sent us an e-mail saying he has two sources who say that Anthony Weiner, who also had co-ownership of that laptop with his estranged wife Huma Abedin, is cooperating with the FBI investigation, had given them the laptop, so therefore they didn’t need a warrant to get in to see the contents of said laptop. Pretty interesting development. 
Targets of federal investigations will often cooperate, hoping that they will get consideration from a judge at sentencing. Given Weiner’s well-known penchant for lying, it’s hard to believe that a prosecutor would give Weiner a deal based on an agreement to testify, unless his testimony were very strongly corroborated by hard evidence. But cooperation can take many forms — and, as Wallace indicated on this morning’s show, one of those forms could be signing a consent form to allow   the contents of devices that they could probably get a warrant for anyway. We’ll see if Weiner’s cooperation extends beyond that. More Related",0
10392,Former NATO Chief: We Need US as ‘World’s Policeman’,"Complains Obama Isn't Hawkish Enough   
In a new interview with Britain’s Sky News, former NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen brought out the old narrative of America as the “world’s policeman,” but with a lot more upbeat of an attitude about it than one would generally see. 
Rasmussen criticized President Obama for not being hawkish enough, saying his successor needs to be much more interventionist, and declaring “ we need America as the world’s policeman, ” adding that the US needs to “restore international law and order” through wars. 
Rasmussen, who was always a relative hawk in the post but seems to have taken it to an entirely new level, set out a series of things the US needs to fix militarily, including Iraq, Syria, Libya, Russia, China, and North Korea. This of course closely mirrors recent Pentagon talk of wars in the decades to come. 
The timing of his calls for extreme US bellicosity are centered on trying to influence the upcoming US election in favor of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who has campaigned heavily on picking fights in Syria and against Russia. Rasmussen underscored this fact by declaring Donald Trump, who openly said the US cannot be the world’s police, as “very dangerous for the world.”  ",0
10393,"Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. - The New York Times","For the country’s most prominent political spokesman, Sean Spicer is not spending a whole lot of time in front of the camera. Monday was the seventh straight day that Mr. Spicer, President Trump’s press secretary, declined to hold a televised White House press briefing, an unusually long drought for someone whose role is traditionally to be the most visible face of a presidential administration. Instead, Mr. Spicer  —   who since the inauguration had become a highly rated, if   staple of daytime television  —   conducted a    session with no cameras allowed, over the objections of the White House Correspondents’ Association. The briefing was certain to be contentious. For the first time, Mr. Spicer addressed explosive and unproven allegations Mr. Trump made over the weekend that his predecessor, Barack Obama, had wiretapped his phones at Trump Tower during the presidential campaign. The public was not given a way to watch the briefing but was able to listen via an   broadcast by PBS. At one point, when a CNN reporter tried to interject with a question, Mr. Spicer pushed back, saying: “You’re not on camera. You don’t need to jump in. ” (He called on the reporter later.) Past press secretaries said it was unusual that they would stay off television for a full week. And Mr. Spicer’s absence from the airwaves coincides with a rough period: He was criticized by Mr. Trump in a Fox News interview, and his closest ally in the administration, Reince Priebus, the chief of staff, is under fire from rival factions within the White House. On Friday, Mr. Spicer was among the group of Mr. Trump’s senior aides temporarily banished from Air Force One after Mr. Trump erupted at his staff in frustration during an Oval Office meeting. Mr. Trump’s West Wing is awash in palace intrigue, and people in and around the administration noted that two other representatives  —   Mr. Spicer’s deputy, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and the White House counselor, Kellyanne Conway  —   appeared on morning television shows on Monday to speak on the president’s behalf. The president has also privately expressed frustration with the performance of his press office. Press secretaries do not always perform their duties on TV. Like his predecessors in Democratic and Republican administrations, Mr. Spicer speaks with journalists in more informal,    settings several times a week  —   when the president is traveling, for instance. But these   gaggles are typically interspersed among more formal briefings carried live on cable news. The former press secretaries Ari Fleischer and Mike McCurry have argued that cameras should not be allowed in the briefings at all  —   the thought being that the presence of cameras has helped turn the briefings into spectacles rather than considered discussions of policy. In an email, Mr. Spicer said he had lived up to his pledge to hold briefings with reporters on a   basis, “some on camera, some off. ” He noted that the White House had rolled out its revised executive order on immigration on Monday  —   a nod to a past practice in which the press secretary forwent an   briefing on days featuring a major announcement. Mr. Trump’s secretary of state, secretary of Homeland Security and attorney general held an event with journalists on Monday, but the three officials did not respond to questions. And Mr. Trump signed his executive order without photographers or reporters   to record the event, a break from typical practice. When reporters at Monday’s briefing raised concerns about openness, Mr. Spicer defended his administration. “I’ve heard from several of you that we have gone above and beyond allowing the press into events,” Mr. Spicer said, adding, “I think this president has been extremely transparent. ” Hours after the briefing, Mr. Spicer was approached by reporters on a driveway outside the West Wing, where he acquiesced to answering a few questions  . Mr. Spicer did make one scheduled television appearance in the last week, on “Fox  Friends,” the   morning show, which ran a feature about the press secretary’s life at the White House. When the Fox interviewer, Abby Huntsman, asked Mr. Spicer whom he feared more  —   the president or the news media  —   Mr. Spicer, unsmiling, replied, “I don’t fear anybody. ” He added, “I don’t want to disappoint this president. ”",0
10394,Oklahoma Passes Bill That Would Subject Abortion Doctors to Felony Charges - The New York Times,"The Oklahoma Legislature on Thursday passed a bill that would effectively ban abortions by subjecting doctors who perform them to felony charges and revoking their medical licenses  —   the first legislation of its kind. In a year in which states have tried to outlaw abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy, to ban the main surgical method used in the second trimester and to shut down abortion clinics with onerous regulations, Oklahoma’s bill is the most  . The measure, which passed the   Senate by a vote of 33 to 12, will be presented to Gov. Mary Fallin, a Republican, who will have five days to sign it, veto it or allow it to take effect without her signature. If it becomes law, it is certain to face a quick challenge in state or federal court. And because the Supreme Court has consistently ruled that women have a right to obtain abortions until the fetus is viable outside the womb, legal experts say, it will soon be declared unconstitutional. That has not deterred   politicians in a state dominated by conservative Republicans. Some say they welcome the chance to make a strong statement and to engage the issues in court. “Most people know I am for defending rights,” Senator Nathan Dahm, the author of the bill and a software developer from Broken Arrow, Okla. told The Oklahoman. “Those rights begin at conception. ” Mr. Dahm told reporters that he knew the measure would be challenged but expressed hope that the case would lead the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade. Ms. Fallin, who has signed several   bills that were later blocked by the courts, will not comment on the new bill “until she and her staff have had a chance to review it,” Michael McNutt, her communications director, said in an email. But some legislators called the measure an   diversion. “I’m   and a Roman Catholic, but I don’t think we should waste our time on legislation that someone will declare unconstitutional,” Senator Ervin Yen, an anesthesiologist from Oklahoma City, and one of a small number of Republicans to oppose the bill, said in an interview. In an open letter on Thursday, the Center for Reproductive Rights, a legal group based in New York, urged Ms. Fallin to veto what it said was a “blatantly unconstitutional measure. ” Noting that it has sued Oklahoma eight times in the last six years, blocking lesser restrictions like the state’s effort to ban the   surgical method, the center said that “this bill will almost certainly lead to expensive court challenges that the State of Oklahoma simply cannot defend in light of longstanding Supreme Court precedent. ” The bill would strip doctors who perform abortions of their medical licenses unless the procedure was necessary to save a woman’s life. The felony provision does not include that exception. Currently, only two clinics in Oklahoma, one in Norman and one in Tulsa, provide abortions. A third, owned by Trust Women, a foundation based in Wichita, Kan. is under construction and is to open next month. Julie Burkhart, Trust Women’s chief executive, expressed dismay at the bill and urged Ms. Fallin to veto it. Oklahoma’s proposal to criminalize abortion may be the most stringent, but it is one of many new measures that continue in conservative states. This year, South Dakota joined 12 other states in banning abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy, with a similar bill in South Carolina awaiting the signature of Gov. Nikki R. Haley. Alabama, Mississippi and West Virginia have passed laws to ban the use of the   surgical technique even though courts in Oklahoma and elsewhere have previously overturned such laws. Texas regulations that could force a majority of the state’s abortion clinics to close are the subject of a major Supreme Court case. The rules require that doctors have admitting privileges at local hospitals and that abortion clinics meet the stringent building and staffing standards of ambulatory surgery centers. The decision, expected in June, could have major effects on access to abortion in several other states. But the Supreme Court, while it is debating how far states may go in regulating abortion, has given no sign that it will overturn the basic right of women to obtain the procedure, which is at stake in the new Oklahoma bill.",0
10395,"Debunking a Myth: The Irish Were Not Slaves, Too - The New York Times","It has shown up on Irish trivia Facebook pages, in Scientific American magazine, and on white nationalist message boards: the   story of the Irish slaves who built America, who are sometimes said to have outnumbered and been treated worse than slaves from Africa. But it’s not true. Historians say the idea of Irish slaves is based on a misreading of history and that the distortion is often politically motivated.   memes have taken off online and are used as racist barbs against  . “The Irish were slaves, too,” the memes often say. “We got over it, so why can’t you?” A small group of Irish and American scholars has spent years pushing back on the false history. Last year, 82 Irish scholars and writers signed an open letter denouncing the Irish slave myth and asking publications to stop mentioning it. Some complied, removing or revising articles that referenced the false claims, but the letter’s impact was limited. The Irish slave narrative is based on the misinterpretation of the history of indentured servitude, which is how many poor Europeans migrated to North America and the Caribbean in the early colonial period, historians said. Without a doubt, life was bad for indentured servants. They were often treated brutally. Not all of them entered servitude willingly. Some were political prisoners. Some were children. “I’m not saying it was pleasant or anything  —   it was the opposite  —   but it was a completely different category from slavery,” said Liam Hogan, a research librarian in Ireland who has spearheaded the debunking effort. “It was a transitory state. ” The legal differences between indentured servitude and chattel slavery were profound, according to Matthew Reilly, an archaeologist who studies Barbados. Unlike slaves, servants were considered legally human. Their servitude was based on a contract that limited their service to a finite period of time, usually about seven years, in exchange for passage to the colonies. They did not pass their unfree status on to descendants. Contemporary accounts in Ireland sometimes referred to these people as slaves, Mr. Hogan said. That was true in the sense that any form of coerced labor can be described as slavery, from Ancient Rome to   human trafficking. But in colonial America and the Caribbean, the word “slavery” had a specific legal meaning. Europeans, by definition, were not included in it. “An indenture implies two people have entered into a contract with each other but slavery is not a contract,” said Leslie Harris, a professor of   history at Northwestern University. “It is often about being a prisoner of war or being bought or sold bodily as part of a trade. That is a critical distinction. ” The memes sometimes pop up in apolitical settings, like history trivia websites, but their recent spread has mirrored escalating racial and political tension in the United States, Mr. Hogan said. Central to the memes is the notion that historians and the media are covering up the truth. He said he has received death threats from Americans for his work. “These memes are the No. 1 derailment people use when they talk about the slave trade,” he said. “Look in any   or   news story from the last two years and someone will mention it in the comments. ” The memes often have common elements: the false claim that Irish people were enslaved in America or the Caribbean after the 1649 British invasion of Ireland led by Oliver Cromwell the false claim that Irish slaves were cheaper and treated worse than African slaves the false claim that Irish women were forcibly “bred” with black men. Some of them are easy to disprove. Many of the memes use photographs, including of Jewish Holocaust victims or 20th century child laborers, to illustrate events they claim happened in the 17th century, long before the invention of photography. Many reference a nonexistent 1625 proclamation by King James II, who was not born until 1633. They often hijack specific atrocities committed against black slaves and substitute Irish people for the actual victims. A favorite event to use is the 1781 Zong massacre, in which over 130 African slaves were thrown to their deaths off a slave ship. InfoWars, the   conspiracy site favored by President Trump, is one site that has falsely claimed Irish people were the victims of the Zong massacre, whose death toll it inflated by adding a zero to the end. “It almost becomes a race to the bottom of who suffered more,” Mr. Reilly said, adding that the memes are “an effort to claim a certain ancestry of suffering in order to claim a certain political position. ” The white slavery narrative has long been a staple of the far right, but it became specifically Irish after the 2000 publication of “To Hell or Barbados: The Ethnic Cleansing of Ireland,” a book by the late journalist Sean O’Callaghan, which Mr. Hogan and others have said was shoddily researched. It received positive reviews in Ireland, however, and was widely read there. In America, the book connected the white slave narrative to an influential ethnic group of over 34 million people, many of whom had been raised on stories of Irish rebellion against Britain and tales of   bias in America at the turn of the 20th century. From there, it took off. Mr. O’Callaghan’s work was repeated or repackaged on Irish genealogy websites, in a popular online essay, and in articles in publications like Scientific American and The Daily Kos. The claims also appeared on IrishCentral, a leading   news website, where many of the Facebook comments were critical of  . The memes became popular on white nationalist message boards,   websites and   sites like InfoWars. On social media, they are primarily a creature of Facebook, where they have been shared millions of times. Ireland has a long history of verifiable tragedies: centuries of British occupation, famine, emigration and sectarian violence. Three decades of armed conflict in Northern Ireland ended only in 1998, and paramilitary violence has intermittently flared ever since. Mr. Hogan said it was upsetting for many Irish people to see that history “used as a weapon” by Americans who claim a connection to the country. He said that for some people, it seemed like the meme was “replacing the actual history of their Irish heritage. ” It is true that   sentiment was present in the United States until well into the 20th century, but that is a separate issue from 17th century indentured servitude, Ms. Harris said. The descendants of indentured servants, Irish or otherwise, did not face a legacy of racism similar to the one faced by people of African descent, she said. Nevertheless, she called the meme’s existence unsurprising. “There has been a huge backlash against talking about slavery that continues to this day,” she said, not to mention Jim Crow and other forms of discrimination against blacks that “grew out of enslavement. ” “This continued misuse of Irish history devalues the real history,” Mr. Hogan said. “There are libraries filled with all the bad things that actually did happen. We don’t need memes and these dodgy articles full of lies. ”",0
10396,"Senate Democrats Relent, Averting Government Shutdown - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Senate Democrats on Friday relented in their flirtation with a government shutdown over a dispute about health care benefits for coal miners, and with less than an hour before the midnight deadline, the Senate approved a measure to fund the government through April. The party’s willingness to take the nation to the brink of a government shutdown signaled its intention, just weeks after its election drubbing in Rust Belt states, to quickly leverage the sorts of issues that propelled Donald J. Trump to victory. The House on Thursday passed a   spending bill that would keep the government open through late April and extend through that month health care benefits for retired miners who were set to lose them at the end of the year. But Democrats wanted those benefits to last for a year, and slowed down voting on the measure with the threat of rejecting the bill. “We never intended to shut down the government,” Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, the incoming minority leader, said on the Senate floor Friday evening. He added, “I think we’ve made our point. ” Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, who led the charge on behalf of the miners, said that at the very least, he and his colleagues had drawn attention to “what coal miners have done for this country. ” It was unclear what Mr. Manchin and other Democrats had gained from the process. There was no legislative compromise, nor any promise of more money for miners in the future. “There’s no guarantee,” Mr. Manchin conceded, before suggesting that he and other Democrats may hold up legislation over the issue next year. “We’re going to use every tactic we can. ” Mr. Manchin faces   in 2018 in a   state. Asked if he thought the fight over the miners’ health care would help his chances, he said, “Well, I sure don’t think it hurts. ” On Friday morning, the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, urged his Democratic colleagues to approve the spending bill, warning that without it, the miners would lose their health care at the end of the month. “This is a good time to take yes for an answer,” Mr. McConnell said. He pledged to work to prevent the expiration of the miners’ health care coverage next year and blamed Senate Democrats for contributing to the coal industry’s plight in the first place. Late Friday, senators voted, 61 to 38, on a procedural measure to advance the spending bill, barely pulling it over the line. Many Republicans joined Democrats in rejecting it, though for various reasons. Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, waited until the 60 votes needed had been cast before voting no. Soon after, about 45 minutes before the government would have shut down, the Senate approved the spending bill, 63 to 36. Democrats’ threat to shut down the government  —   the sort of intransigence adopted by Republicans in the recent past  —   indicates their willingness to use the few tools available to them to block legislation next year, when possible, and to bludgeon Republicans with populist issues on which they share common ground with Mr. Trump. Pressing his case on Thursday, Mr. Manchin said that senators from both parties had campaigned on giving a “fair shake” to working people. “It’s either put up or shut up,” he said. “You’ve asked them to vote for you because of this reason. Now you have a chance to show them that’s why you’re here. ” Mr. Manchin had furiously worked the phones on Friday to see how many senators would join him in voting against a procedural measure to advance the   spending bill. But he found that many senators, like House representatives, wanted to avoid a shutdown. Senators from coal states did want to use the threat of a shutdown to bring renewed attention to the retired miners, and set up a push for a longer extension and a more lasting solution in January. While Democrats now have the opposition party mantle that Republicans held through much of the Obama presidency, the dynamics are different. For instance, while Mr. McConnell distanced himself in the past from Republicans like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas when they sought to disrupt bills, Mr. Schumer stood with Mr. Manchin on Thursday night to call for a better deal for the miners. Mr. McConnell did not prevent the government shutdown of 2013, but in later years, he worked harder to stem disputes before they got that far. “We’re going to win this fight,” Mr. Schumer said on Thursday. “We can’t predict the exact path, but we are going to win this fight, because we’re right. ” The coal industry has been decimated in recent years, with a string of bankruptcies. Lawmakers from   states, as well as the United Mine Workers of America, have pushed for legislation that would protect the health care and pensions of retirees. Democrats argued that a   extension of miners’ health care benefits would leave them in limbo. “I’ve tweeted   Trump,” Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio, said on Thursday, adding that the dispute over the miners’ health care was an early test for Mr. Trump. “In those communities they live in, Trump often got 70 percent of the vote,” Mr. Brown said. “I would think he’d want to help them, but so far, he hasn’t. ” Mr. Trump has not spoken publicly about the Senate dispute, and his transition team did not respond to requests for comment, but he voiced frequent praise for coal miners during his campaign. “We’re going to put our miners back to work,” Mr. Trump said on Friday night at a rally in Michigan. “Miners, we love our miners. ” In a twist, Mr. Manchin had been scheduled to meet with Mr. Trump on Friday the meeting was postponed until Monday. In addition to the fight over the miners, Senate Democrats spoke out this week on another issue that seemed right out of Mr. Trump’s playbook, pushing to write into law a permanent requirement that   steel and iron be used in water projects. Such a requirement had been removed from a water projects bill that the House approved on Thursday, and Democrats insisted, without success, that it be put back into the legislation. “The time is now for Donald Trump to take a stand in support of American workers,” said Senator Tammy Baldwin, Democrat of Wisconsin. Wrapping up its work for the year, the Senate approved the water projects bill early Saturday morning. The fate of that bill was important to Michigan’s senators, as was the approval of the spending bill. Together, the two measures provide funding to Flint, Mich. and other communities dealing with   drinking water.",0
10397,Boris talks bollocks. Again. More soon.,  Wrenfoe   Wrenfoe .. More Stories about: Ticker,0
10398,Does Obama have a Brilliant Career Ahead of Him? | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World Even though The American Spectator has claimed that “Obama and his crew will soon be swept into the dustbin of history”, the future of “America’s lame duck” still draws a lot of media attention. Some commentators, especially those that have been handsomely paid by the White House, are trying to somehow improve the public image of the still sitting US president who has discredited himself in a number of ways over the last 8 years, especially in such fields as “ combating ” racism in the United States and Washington’s military interventions across the globe. The New York Times would note that with less than three months left for his presidency, Barack Obama is preparing for a life after the White House that would most likely include a close relationship with Silicon Valley. As an explanation for such a statement, the newspaper provides the report on how interested President Obama was in the Dragon spacecraft built by SpaceX. President Obama even tested a program that stimulates docking the spacecraft with the International Space Station. This area of Obama’s possible interests is cited by a great many commentators as his future occupation, which seems logical since Obama’s “contribution” to US military contractors regarding profits has been paramount all throughout his years in office. However, there’s reports that Obama has diverse musical interests as well. Reportedly, his favorite music genre is soul. He listens to various artists that developed this genre, but his absolute favorite is Stevie Wonder and his “My Cherie Amour”, “All In Love Is Fair”, “For Once in My Life”, and “I Just Called to Say I Love You”. These songs can always be found in the playlist of the current American leader. Barack Obama is also found of Al Green and his vocal prowess. He tends to enjoy such saxophonists as Lester Young, John Coltrane, and Coleman Hawkins. As for rock legends, Obama prefers to listen to the legendary The Rolling Stones and The Beatles. As for the latest hits, Barack Obama has been enjoying the Canadian indie rockers Arcade Fire with their “We Used to Wait”, and the British indie-pop band Florence & The Machine with their hit “You’ve Got The Love”. As a real American president, Barack Obama just can not help but love country music as well, as he frequently listens to such bands as Zac Brown and Montgomery Gentry. So some musicians, especially in the US, have been advising Obama to switch to musical activities, perhaps playing in a banjo in a band. – It seems that it might be a good pastime for Obama after his “toying with soldiers” in the Middle East and other regions of the world. A lot of comments in various media can be found about Obama’s ties with hospitals, and Doctors Without Borders in particular. Tens of hospital have been wiped off the face of the earth and hundreds of doctors and their patients died as a result of the strikes in Afghanistan, Yemen, Iraq, and elsewhere in the world authorized by Obama. Therefore, it seems unlikely that any hospital run by Doctors Without Borders will have the courage to turn Obama’s application down after the termination of his presidential mandate. Especially when you consider that the risk of dying under US bombs will diminish for most of its employees after January 2017. However, if the White House is then occupied by Hillary Clinton, Obama may be running the risk of coming under friendly fire if working in one of such hospitals, an irony considering his endorsement of Clinton. But the most important thing by far is that Obama will no longer be making America’s decisions, since during his time doing so, he has got the US mired in five overseas wars simultaneously , subjecting millions of innocent civilians in the Middle East, Africa, and Asia to intolerable suffering, loss of shelter and families, and forced refuge in foreign lands. Therefore, the choice of a decent successor to the current lame duck president should be way more important than supporting the war party and Obama’s spiritual successor – Hillary Clinton. Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles ",0
10399,F.B.I. Director Testifies on Clinton Emails to Withering Criticism From G.O.P. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey Jr. defended himself Thursday against an onslaught of Republican criticism for ending the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, but he also provided new details that could prove damaging to her just weeks before she is to be named the Democrats’ presidential nominee. At a contentious hearing of the House oversight committee, Mr. Comey acknowledged under questioning that a number of key assertions that Mrs. Clinton made for months in defending her email system were contradicted by the F. B. I. ’s investigation. Mr. Comey said that Mrs. Clinton had failed to return “thousands” of   emails to the State Department, despite her public insistence to the contrary, and that her lawyers may have destroyed classified material that the F. B. I. was unable to recover. He also described her handling of classified material as secretary of state as “negligent”  —   a legal term he avoided using when he announced on Tuesday that “no reasonable prosecutor” would bring a case against her. The F. B. I. director repeatedly suggested that someone in the federal government who had done what Mrs. Clinton and her aides did would probably be subject to administrative sanctions. Asked whether those sanctions could include firing or the loss of security clearance, Mr. Comey said that they could. While an F. B. I. employee who mishandled classified evidence in the way that Mrs. Clinton did would not be prosecuted either, he said sternly, “they would face consequences for this. ” Mr. Comey also criticized Mrs. Clinton’s lawyers for their handling of her emails. He said that they had not actually read all of her emails before destroying them, as she had suggested, and that they may have deleted classified material without her knowledge. David Kendall, the lead lawyer on Mrs. Clinton’s team, declined to comment on this point. But Mr. Comey, in response to Republican accusations that he had employed a “double standard” to spare Mrs. Clinton from criminal charges, insisted that she was not given special consideration by the F. B. I. nor held to a more lenient standard than a less prominent person would have been. He said his team of investigators had not found clear evidence that Mrs. Clinton intended to break the law governing the use of classified materials and explained that prosecutors have “grave concerns” about using the lower legal standard of “gross negligence” in their handling, and have applied it only once in the last century. Democrats on the House oversight committee attempted to respond to the new facts presented by Mr. Comey while accusing their Republican colleagues of conducting a partisan witch hunt in their attacks on him. Republicans were not mollified, and they expressed particular frustration with Mr. Comey when he said that the F. B. I. did not examine Mrs. Clinton’s statements to Congress about her email server to determine whether she had perjured herself. Mr. Comey said to do that would have required a formal request from Congress, known as a referral. “You’ll have one in the next few hours,” responded Representative Jason Chaffetz, the Utah Republican who is the committee chairman. His office said later that the committee would probably issue the referral on Friday, a move that would ensure their scrutiny of Mrs. Clinton’s emails extends past the end of the criminal case. The State Department is also reopening an internal review looking at possible disciplinary action against current employees who may have been involved in the handling of Mrs. Clinton’s emails. Republicans also pressed Mr. Comey to say whether the Clinton Foundation, the global charity started by former President Bill Clinton, had become embroiled in the investigation, as some reports have suggested. Mr. Comey  —   who was surprisingly forthcoming on many other issues  —   twice declined to answer Mr. Chaffetz on that issue. Before the hearing, a smiling Mr. Chaffetz greeted Mr. Comey and thanked him for appearing so quickly at what was billed as an “emergency” hearing into the Clinton investigation. But less than 10 seconds into the start of the hearing, Mr. Chaffetz lit into the F. B. I. director over a decision he said that “mystified” him. If the “average Joe” handled classified information the way that Mrs. Clinton had, “they’d be in handcuffs,” Mr. Chaffetz said. He said there was legitimate concern that “if your name isn’t Clinton or you’re not part of the powerful elite that Lady Justice will act differently. ” In more than four and a half hours of testimony, Mr. Comey was for the most part calm and dispassionate in defending the F. B. I. ’s work, veering at times into the roles of sober federal prosecutor and erudite law school scholar  —   two jobs he held before taking over the bureau two years ago. But he showed occasional piques of anger when some Republicans suggested that he was part of a political agenda designed to clear Mrs. Clinton of criminal wrongdoing. Representative John Mica, Republican of Florida, told Mr. Comey that it looked as if the end of the investigation into Mrs. Clinton was choreographed, beginning with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch’s chance meeting last week with Mr. Clinton, and continuing with the F. B. I. ’s interview with Mrs. Clinton on Saturday, Mr. Comey’s announcement on Tuesday, and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign appearance with President Obama hours later. Mr. Mica said he did not know what to tell constituents talking about the case in Florida cafes. Mr. Comey grew red in the face, raising his voice as he answered the congressman. “I hope what you’ll tell the folks in the cafe is: Look me in the eye and listen to what I’m about to say. I did not coordinate that with anyone,” Mr. Comey said. “The White House, the Department of Justice, nobody outside the F. B. I. family had any idea what I was about to say. I say that under oath, I stand by that. There was no coordination. ” Brian Fallon, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign, said in a statement that Mr. Comey’s testimony “clearly knocked down a number of false Republican talking points. ” He added that “while Republicans may try to keep this issue alive, this hearing proved those efforts will only backfire. ”",0
10400,The Dirty Projectors Go Solo - The New York Times,"David Longstreth makes music in a former  ’s workshop on the east side of Los Angeles, in an unlovely, industrial part of town. His studio sits beside a wide boulevard without nearby stop signs, red lights or crosswalks, so cars and trucks hurtle past day and night at terrifying speeds. One recent afternoon, Longstreth edged up to the curb, head swiveling. He wore an unkempt beard and scuffed desert boots that  —   after he spotted a narrow gap in traffic  —   transported him across the asphalt and into a bodega on the other side. There, he bought two gallon jugs of filtered water. He was planning a full night of recording and, he explained, “the tap water here is kind of jank. ” For the last decade and a half, Longstreth has been putting out music under the name Dirty Projectors, and it was here, beside the   death gantlet, that he finished his first new LP in four years, out next week: a   breakup album that he calls the most emotionally taxing thing he has made. His studio was cavernous, with gaping skylights and a battalion of movable soundproofing panels that Longstreth built D. I. Y.  using materials from Home Depot. These stood sentry around a drum kit, a piano and assorted microphones and amps. An iMac, loaded with ProTools production software, sat atop a Giotto monograph and a massive tome called “Recording the Beatles. ” Leaned against a wall were framed portraits of Missy Elliott, Joni Mitchell and Beethoven  —   an unimpeachable holy trinity. Longstreth, 35, draws from a wide range of references, and in between seven   Dirty Projectors albums he has put his fingerprints all over work by an impressive variety of artists. He teamed up with David Byrne to write a song and with Bjork to write several he   adventurous R. B. with Solange Knowles devised orchestral arrangements for Joanna Newsom produced an album by the Tuareg rock guitarist Bombino and, most recognizably, wrote the luminous bridge that Rihanna sings on “FourFiveSeconds,” a smash hit from 2015 that also features Kanye West and Paul McCartney. Speaking to an interviewer in 2012, Bjork praised Longstreth’s “almost psychic ability to write for other voices. ” A freight train rumbled past the studio on tracks abutting the building. Fiddling with the placement of two microphones, Longstreth seemed not to notice. Before long, I detected another, gentler source of noise pollution. A cricket had moved into the ceiling, and its intermittent chirping provided a hypnotic overhead beat. Longstreth moved to a worn old couch and, fooling around on an electric guitar, briefly improvised against it. Longstreth has not yet made an LP of cricket duets, but you could almost imagine it. He is a playful conceptualist whose music moves in a handful of directions all at once. Dirty Projectors’ critical breakthrough was the album “Rise Above,” from 2007, in which Longstreth tried to recreate Black Flag’s 1981 punk landmark, “Damaged,” wholly from memory. The result  —   a covers record riddled with the flubs and inventions of forgetfulness  —   was a jumble of intricate syncopations, vertiginous time changes and splintery guitar work. “Rise Above” was Longstreth’s fourth album, and his first to feature the singer and guitarist Amber Coffman, who joined the cast of musicians Longstreth relied upon to tour and record. Coffman became his girlfriend, and she proved crucial to the success of the band’s next album, “Bitte Orca,” which came out in 2009 and won Dirty Projectors a wave of new fans. Longstreth’s ideas about harmony, rhythm and arranging remained unconventional, but his songwriting grew brighter and more direct. Coffman’s voice, with its strong, clean phrasing, helped this music to pass, after a fashion, as a kind of alien pop. At the couple’s apartment in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, domestic rituals bled into the creative process, and vice versa. When they watched Wim Wenders’s “Wings of Desire” together, Longstreth asked Coffman to write down dialogue that resonated with her. These jottings became lyrics for the band’s biggest single, “Stillness Is the Move,” in 2009, on which Coffman emulated the   feats of R. B. stars like Mariah Carey and Destiny’s Child. Accompanying her, Longstreth played a West   guitar riff that sounded like something colorful shattering. The song put Dirty Projectors at the forefront of the booming Brooklyn   scene, alongside simpatico acts like Vampire Weekend, Animal Collective and Grizzly Bear. These bands booked worldwide tours, landed prominent festival slots, licensed songs to ad campaigns and crossed over to mainstream audiences. Among Dirty Projectors’ converts was Jay Z, who sent a handwritten note asking them to join a festival he was organizing the   star Diplo, who flew Coffman and Longstreth to Jamaica to work with him and the French rockers Phoenix, who invited the band to open for them at Madison Square Garden. In 2013, after a year of intense touring to support Dirty Projectors’ assured sixth album, “Swing Lo Magellan,” Longstreth and Coffman split. The album was not the commercial success Longstreth had hoped for. “You think an album’s gonna propel you forward, and then it doesn’t, at least not immediately,” says Brett Williams, the music manager who represents both Longstreth and Coffman. This shortfall, paired with the breakup, sent Longstreth into a depression. “I was super bummed,” he said. “The band and my relationship with Amber had become so intertwined that, when we broke up, it felt like everything that had defined my life for a decade was suddenly gone. ” Gradually he began making music again “to try to work through what I was feeling. ” The first song he released was the sparse, glitchy “Keep Your Name. ” In writing the lyrics, he drew on a     convention: “It’s a divorce song,” Longstreth said. The opening line is “I don’t know why you abandoned me,” and he soon drops a knotty clue about fissures between him and Coffman: “What I want from art is truth  —   what you want is fame. ” In building the vocals, meanwhile, Longstreth digitally lowered the pitch of his singing in a nod to DJ Screw, a Houston   innovator who wrung from this effect a narcotic quality that Longstreth was curious to explore in his song about heartbreak. The single, smoldering with recrimination, offered the first outward sign of turbulence within the group. Two weeks after its release, last fall, Coffman put out her own single, “All to Myself,” about finding solace in solitude. It emerged that she had an album of solo material due in 2017. Conjecture filled blog posts and comment sections. What was going on with Dirty Projectors? What did these dueling releases mean? The answer was complicated. After their breakup, Longstreth and Coffman reached a détente solid enough that she asked him to produce her solo record. “It was a good thing for our friendship, to reverse the roles we’d played in Dirty Projectors, where everything had been in the service of my vision,” Longstreth said. “Here, I was in service of her ideas, trying to bring them out into the world. We were reinventing how we related to each other. ” By the end of 2015, they’d more or less finished the album. In an act of symbolic accord, its last song shared musical motifs with the last song on Longstreth’s. Around this time, however, things soured again, and when I spoke with Longstreth in his studio, he said that, with some stray exceptions, he and Coffman hadn’t spoken in a year. “I want us to be close friends, and to work together again,” he said. But “things between us,” he noted unhappily, “have been better. ” Now each of their projects was scheduled to come out within a couple of months of the other: They weren’t talking, but their music was in direct conversation. On the floor of Longstreth’s studio were 15 stacks of index cards. The topmost cards bore different inscriptions in black Sharpie: These were names of new songs in various stages of completion, with each stack containing Longstreth’s notes for a different song. “Uh, I guess you can look at those,” he said when he saw me standing over the stacks. He explained that this organizational system was one he used on “Dirty Projectors” too, but as to whether another album was underway, he demurred: “I’m just working through some numbers. ” An engineer named Robby Moncrieff commandeered the iMac, dialing up the ProTools session for a song currently called “Suck My Lifestyle. ” It featured a riot of snares, bongos, tambourines, cabasas,   and claps. Some of these instruments were acoustic others,  . The acoustic sounds derived from recordings Longstreth made of the virtuoso percussionist Mauro Refosco, who backs Thom Yorke and Flea in the band Atoms for Peace. Longstreth had manipulated these recordings, sampling individual hits and rearranging them, with software, into wild new configurations. “It’s a way to use the dynamics and imperfections of his performance to make an impossible rhythm,” Longstreth said. “Suck My Lifestyle” contained a place holder guitar riff that was, like the beat, a product of ample technological mediation. Longstreth had cut and pasted recordings of his own playing, then rearranged these snippets to compose a new riff. The ensuing melody behaved in unexpected ways  —   doubling back on itself, unfurling, stammering. As Moncrieff recorded him, Longstreth sat with an acoustic guitar and diligently replayed the digitized riff live, returning it to the realm of the analog: an oil painting of a Photoshop collage. Much of the music on “Dirty Projectors,” he told me, had come together in this way. Whereas fragmentation and reconciliation are major themes on any breakup album, Longstreth had made them compositional strategies too. When I asked him to explain the tensions with Coffman, Longstreth declined, out of respect for her, he said, and to “keep certain personal things personal. ” But many lyrics on “Dirty Projectors” grapple with the breakup, whether it’s lines in “Keep Your Name” about   or his seeming admission, on the slithering “Death Spiral,” that he “condescended relentlessly. ” After I inquired into their romantic troubles, Longstreth said his desire was to “leave it to the music,” while reminding me that the album was a work of art, grounded in truth but subject to distortions. “Not a journal,” he said. (Coffman declined to speak to me for this article. Her publicist said, “Her focus right now is on her own music. ”) For Longstreth, moreover, the three years it took to make the album had allowed its meaning to dilate. He initially wrote the second single, “Little Bubble,” to describe the sphere of happiness he and Coffman temporarily shared, but here in 2017 “bubble” had become a buzzword, referring to the supposedly cosseted perspective of “coastal elites,” and now the song’s poignant refrain  —   “we had our own little bubble, for a while”  —   sounded like a postelection elegy. Longstreth hoped when he wrote “Dirty Projectors” for such added resonances to accrue, and in devising motifs that worked in the context of a breakup album but also brooked alternate interpretations, he was inspired in part by his exposure, while working on “FourFiveSeconds,” to the songwriting methods of Kanye West. (According to Longstreth, West initially envisioned that track as a solo, then added Rihanna.) In 2015 West asked Longstreth over to his L. A. home to toss around ideas. West routinely assembles motley creative brain trusts, and the brusque,   Bronx rapper French Montana and the slick Canadian singer the Weeknd were there, too. This invitation led to another, to the Mexican seaside village of Punta Mita, where West rented a mansion belonging to the “Girls Gone Wild” impresario Joe Francis and transformed it into a songwriting headquarters for his album “The Life of Pablo. ” Longstreth, a coffee geek who observes a precise   ritual, brought along his own ceramic dripper and, as he   put it, “Third Wave roasted beans,” which apparently entertained West’s wife, Kim Kardashian. “She asked me, ‘Are you making, like, a caramel macchiato? ’’u2009” Longstreth recalled. Other guests included Ezra Koenig of Vampire Weekend and the rappers Rhymefest and Big Sean. “Kanye has this discursive way of working, getting input from a range of people, that I thought was really cool,” Longstreth said. He described a moment when West played a tape he’d made of Paul McCartney playing a Wurlitzer while West improvised a vocal, feeling his way through the music by making nonsense sounds. Amid this gibberish, “something he sang sounded sort of like ‘Memories can get you into trouble,’’u2009” Longstreth recalled. Struck by this phrase, he and Koenig went off to write a song exploring its potential meanings. “Like, maybe you’re with your girlfriend but thinking of your ex,” Longstreth explained. After Mexico, Longstreth kept in touch with Elon Rutberg, one of West’s main creative advisers, and solicited his feedback about “Dirty Projectors. ” Of the “Memories” song, Longstreth added, “Kanye didn’t wind up using it, but it was good  —   maybe something will come of it down the line. ” The path that Longstreth took to hanging out with Kanye West in Mexican mansions is improbable. He grew up on five acres of farmland in central Connecticut, where his parents moved from the Bay Area in the late ’70s. They levied a prohibition on video games and grew their own food. “They were into subsistence farming  —   ‘back to the land,’’u2009” he says. “They had a cow or two, sheep, goats, geese. They made their own cheese. We ate eggs from our chickens, who were my responsibility. ” His older brother, Jake, exposed him to “cool stuff,” David recalls, like “music and drawing. He showed me how to play the riff from Nirvana’s ‘Come as You Are. ’’u2009” Through Nirvana, Jake, who is now a painter in Los Angeles, got into “other weirder, smaller bands from the late ’80s and ’90s West Coast underground,” Longstreth continued, “and from there, into the first generation of punk. ” Their parents, he added, “were rock ’n’ rollers in the ’60s, but they listened pretty widely: baroque music titans of ’40s, ’50s, ’60s jazz the ‘Big Chill’ soundtrack. ” In 1999, when Jake left for college in Portland, Ore. David inherited his Tascam   recorder. With all these influences swimming through his head, he recalled, he “started making albums. My brother still has a suitcase with, like, 100 tapes we made as kids. ” Longstreth’s early recordings were rough by design:     and even ugly. “I used to feel that musical knowledge and emotional   were antagonistic,” he said, invoking bedrock punk principles. “But I was too curious about chords and instruments and recording to stay locked in that mentality. ” He enrolled at Yale, where he studied music, but was unhappy. “It was about training the next generation of global power elite,” Longstreth said of the campus culture. “It wasn’t about intellectual curiosity or mastery. ” He dropped out and traveled to Portland, where Jake had enmeshed himself in the   demimonde, and where David began giving his own concerts at house parties. After about a year, he returned to Yale to finish his degree. “It would not have been cool with my parents if I didn’t,” he explained. There, he assumed the name Dirty Projectors and made one of his best, and strangest, albums, “The Getty Address,” which was a   tracing the spiritual wanderings of a fictitious version of the Eagles’ Don Henley. The libretto was a fanciful meditation on, among other things, entwined forms of imperialism, and in Longstreth’s rendering Henley became a sort of   Oppenheimer, conflicted about his epochal hits and their role in the flattening of world culture. For the music, Longstreth “wrote and recorded arrangements for wind septet, women’s choir and cello octet,” according to accompanying text, then “digitally deconstructed” these sessions “and sang over the reconstituted parts. ” Songs alluded to Steve Reich, Justin Timberlake and, as Longstreth put it to me, “a kitschy, exoticist, American fantasy of what Chinese music sounds like. ” These collisions of era and idiom doubled, for him, as elaborate   arguments, but you didn’t need to fully grasp these in order to appreciate the album’s   beauty. By the time Longstreth moved to Brooklyn, he was something of a minor legend in   circles: ascetic, eccentric and respected for it. Ezra Koenig told me that, in college, he passingly considered becoming a music critic, but the only review he ever wrote was an “embarrassing” rave, published in the online magazine Dusted, about Dirty Projectors’ 2003 debut album. A couple of years later, Koenig befriended Longstreth and came aboard Dirty Projectors as a touring saxophonist and keyboardist  —   joining an   group of musicians whose members also included the bassist Nat Baldwin, the drummer Brian McOmber and the singers Haley Dekle and Angel Deradoorian. When Longstreth moved to a place in   Koenig, then a schoolteacher, was among his roommates. “I remember him recording music in the middle of the night, when I had to be up at 7 a. m. for work,” Koenig said. The friendship survived, and Koenig was among Longstreth’s sounding boards as he   “Dirty Projectors” for release. “I watched him go from living in a windowless room, making what most people would call difficult music, to being a part of Rihanna and Solange songs,” Koenig said. He added that, even as Longstreth’s profile has risen, there has been a constancy to his music: “Compositionally, he does harmonic stuff no one else is doing. There’s a thread that runs through all Dave’s work, where the sensibility is unmistakably him. ” One morning, I met Longstreth for breakfast burritos near the house in Highland Park that he shares with his girlfriend, an artist liaison at an L. A. gallery. Afterward we walked to his cluttered Prius, where he retrieved “The Fractal Geometry of Nature,” a book by the mathematician Benoit Mandelbrot featuring   fractals. “This is a late Christmas present for my friend Zach Harris,” Longstreth explained. “He’s a painter, and his studio’s just down the block. Do you want to pop in on him?” Longstreth moved to California in 2014, and through his girlfriend and his brother, he gained entry into a circle of fine artists in town. He enjoyed visiting with Harris, he said, and trading ideas about work: “Zach has this whole cosmology behind everything he does. ” Lately they’d been discussing tantalizing geometries, like Fibonacci spirals and Mandelbrot sets, and these conversations inspired Longstreth’s gift. Harris welcomed Longstreth into his studio with a hug. He wore a mustache and   white jeans. His work space, he explained, “used to be a grow house. I converted it three years ago, and we found all this weed still here. Some bullets too. ” A dozen or so paintings ringed the room, all very large. Many were covered and crisscrossed by carved pieces of wood that Harris had machined with a laser, then painted   colors. Between these lattices he’d inscribed legions of   tiny figures engaged in odd, feverish interactions. I spied a roaring lion near a cluster of winged archers and, in a cheekier register, a parody of the “March of Progress” illustration that riffed on Nike’s Jumpman logo. Longstreth inspected a painting up close, in which a woman and a devil were engaged in a contortive sex act. “Stories start suggesting themselves,” Harris said, “and I follow them. I’m really into making these little universes you can get lost in. ” The two seemed to regard each other as kindred spirits. “Dave and I talk a lot about structures that all art forms share,” Harris went on. Longstreth nodded. “I love thinking of one medium as analogous to another, even if they aren’t, quite,” he replied. “Working on this new album, I’d lose focus on a song after a while, but thinking of it as if it were a painting allowed me to come at it again, in a new light. ” Harris waved a hand over one of his canvases. “There’s a   thing here and an Egyptian thing here  —   in painting, you can take all these different visual languages and styles and put them together. There’s a sense of that in Dave’s songs, too. Traditions he’s bringing together and synthesizing. ” Longstreth appeared to blush at the sound of his friend describing his music with such care. “Maybe,” he said, shrugging. He lingered a bit more, paging through the Mandelbrot book. “He figured out the math and ratios that generate this stuff,” Longstreth said. “There are names for all of these. ” Before long, Longstreth said goodbye and made for his Prius, which he pointed toward his studio. It was nearly noon, and he had his own little universe to get lost in.",0
10401,"Pride Marches On, With Jubilation and Solemn Tributes to Victims of Massacre - The New York Times","There were scores of men and women, some uninhibited by cares or much clothing, dancing to pulsing beats on a sunny Sunday afternoon along Fifth Avenue. Revving motorcycle engines and honking horns drowned out the cheers of the swelling crowds that lined a   route that started in Midtown Manhattan and reached down to the West Village. But soon, the jubilant procession gave way to what looked like an apparition: a shuffling contingent of figures dressed in all white, veiled in gauzy fabric and wearing placards with names and faces. They represented the 49 people gunned down this month at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. The New York City gay pride march on Sunday reflected the event’s evolution over more than four decades from a defiant protest by a marginalized community into a freewheeling day that included a presidential candidate and other political leaders, floats from major corporations and a diverse crowd that extended beyond members of the city’s lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. (The New York Police Department’s marching band was there, too, and played “Y. M. C. A.,” by the Village People.) But the numerous tributes to the shooting victims in Orlando, including a float at the front of the march carrying the owner of the club, served as a reminder of the parade’s history as a moment each year for the gay community to celebrate its identity in the face of violence and adversity. “It’s a much more emotional day for me than just a parade,” said Michael Leb, 76, who teared up as he reflected on a time, not that long ago, when there was less acceptance of gay people and some companies would not hire them, much less march with them. “It’s just that everybody is with us,” Mr. Leb said. “I remember when we were treated as less than   citizens. It’s a young world, and those who are young will bring even greater change. ” Officials believed the crowds surpassed the 1. 6 million who attended last year, and 30, 000 of them were marchers, making up 484 contingents. The Police Department also had stepped up its presence, with thousands of officers stationed at barricades and directing traffic, watching from the rooftops above and in plainclothes on the ground. “Whenever we talk about New York values, we’re talking about respect and inclusion of all people,” Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, told reporters before the parade. “This will not just be a celebration of love but a rejection of hatred. This is New York saying, ‘We believe in tolerance for everyone. ’” The theme this year was “Equality Needs You. ” The world now is different from the one in which the first march took place, in 1970, called Christopher Street Liberation Day and held a year after the rebellion prompted by police harassment at the Stonewall Inn. (In a signal of that evolution, President Obama declared the bar, in Greenwich Village, and the area surrounding it a national monument and, with it, created a unit of the National Park Service dedicated to the gay rights movement.) But advocates said that the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community in the United States still faced discrimination and violence and that gay people in other countries faced far dire circumstances. “I am one of the few lucky ones who made it here to safety,” said Subhi Nahas, one of the march’s three grand marshals and a refugee from Syria who has testified at the United Nations about the Islamic State’s persecution of gay people. The march also included a group that called itself Gays Against Guns, whose members lay on the pavement at various points along the route for a    . The group urged stricter gun control laws and condemned the National Rifle Association, which, according to one poster, the group said should “sashay away,” borrowing a catchphrase from “RuPaul’s Drag Race. ” Poot Rojamasiri opted for an outfit more muted than what some others were wearing: a tan polo and green shorts, with a small rainbow sticker on his arm. He said he had considered dressing in drag, but decided against it. “I have fear to express myself,” said Mr. Rojamasiri, who is from Bangkok. “My mom back home told me, ‘Just do not go crazy. ” But others said the event was a rare place where they felt enveloped in acceptance. “Today, I feel just really proud of who I am,” said Logan, a    transgender man who has been transitioning for the past two years. (He declined to give his surname because his family was not supportive of his transitioning.) Katie Graubart, 17, and Helaina Ross, 16, stood on the corner of Fifth Avenue and East Ninth Street waving rainbow flags. ”Love overpowers all,” Helaina said. “Just look at the streets  —   they’re lined with people who all support love and being who you are. ” John Burris, 74, has attended about 30 Pride marches over the years. He came out at 18 and moved to New York around the time of the Stonewall uprising. “This acceptance may be too late for me,” Mr. Burris said. “But I’m so grateful that it’s available to all these young people. ” He became emotional as he recalled the turbulence that had to be endured before reaching the point where the community is now. He said he had lost 75 friends to AIDS. “After they died, we had to decide what to do with the bodies,” he said. “We’d call the parents, and some of them just hung up on us. I put their ashes in the Hudson River and the Grand Canyon. ” Mr. Burris used to come to the march with his partner, who died 12 years ago. He imagined that his partner could not have fathomed what the parade had become and how the world had changed. “We had no idea the beauty that would be here today,” Mr. Burris said, rubbing the goose bumps on his arms.",0
10402,Must Read of the Day – Dennis Kucinich’s Extraordinary Warning on D.C.’s Think Tank Warmongers,"at 1:10 pm 3 Comments 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small “inside” group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler’s War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors . 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves “think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city’s so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora’s box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC’s think “tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday’s Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of “liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week’s piece: U.S. Foreign Policy ‘Elite’ Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi’s murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, “We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , “What’s the point of having this superb military you’re always talking about if we can’t use it,” predictably says of this current moment , “We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d’être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It’s infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia’s targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM’s launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year’s presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I’m fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people’s lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank’s sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report’s authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn’t agree more. 
For related articles, see:",0
10403,African Americans Deserve ‘New Deal’ From Republican Party - Trump,"Get short URL 0 13 0 0 The 40-million strong African American community deserved ""new deal"" to transform their communities, safety and economic prospects as well as the future of their children, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told a campaign rally in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The city of Charlotte was the site of a mass-murder that shocked the United States last year when nine African Americans holding a Bible study in their church were shot dead. A young white racist Dylann Storm Roof is facing trial charged with the crime. © REUTERS/ Mike Segar Half of US Voters Concerned About Potential Violence on Election Day ""[It is time for] a new deal for black America,"" Trump said in on Wednesday. ""I am asking for the honor of your vote and the privilege of serving as your president and I will not let you down… Whether you vote for me or not , I will be your greatest champion."" © AP Photo/ Don Ryan Black Lives Matter Activist Endorses Clinton for US President in Opinion Article 
Trump said he proposed a three-point plan for the African American community that focused on creating safe communities, great education and high paying jobs. ""My vision rests on a principle that has defined this campaign right from the beginning: It is called America First… Every African American citizen in this country is entitled to a job that puts them first… I work for you and I work only for you,"" Trump noted. ...",0
10404,The Rise of Mandatory Vaccinations Means the End of Medical Freedom,"The Rise of Mandatory Vaccinations Means the End of Medical Freedom   Source: The Antimedia 
Mandatory vaccinations are about to open up a new frontier for government control. Through the war on drugs, bureaucrats arbitrarily dictate what people can and can’t put into their bodies, but that violation pales in comparison to forcibly medicating millions against their will. Voluntary and informed consent are essential in securing individual rights, and without it, self-ownership will never be respected. 
The liberal stronghold of California is trailblazing the encroaching new practice and recently passed laws mandating that children and adults must have certain immunizations before being able to attend schools or work in certain professions. The longstanding religious and philosophical exemptions that protect freedom of choice have been systematically crushed by the state. 
California’s Senate Bill 277 went into effect on July 1st, 2016, and marked the most rigid requirements ever instituted for vaccinations. The law forces students to endure a total of 40 doses to complete the 10 federally recommended vaccines while allowing more to be added at any time. Any family that doesn’t go along will have their child barred from attending licensed day care facilities, in-home daycares, public or private schools, and even after school programs. 
Over the years, California has developed a reputation for pushing vaccines on their youth. Assembly Bill 499 was passed in 2011 and lowered the age of consent for STD prevention vaccines to just 12 years old. Included in the assortment of shots being administered was the infamous Gardasil , which just a few years later was at the center of a lawsuit that yielded the victims a $6 million settlement from the U.S. government, which paid out funds from the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program . 
The Vaccinate All Children Act of 2015 is an attempt to implement this new standard nationwide, and although it has stalled in the House, it will likely be reintroduced the next time the country is gripped by the fear of a pandemic. 
The debate surrounding vaccinations is commonly framed as a moral struggle between the benefits to the collective and the selfish preferences of the individual. But since the outbreak scares of Zika , measles , and ebola , the rhetoric has taken a turn toward authoritarianism. 
It’s commonly stated by the CDC and most mainstream doctors that the unvaccinated are putting the health of everyone else at risk, but the truth isn’t so black and white . The herd immunity theory has been consistently used to validate the expansion of vaccine programs, but it still doesn’t justify the removal of choice from the individual. 
The classic exchange of freedom for perceived safety is a no brainer for the millions of Americans who are willing to use government to strap their neighbors down and forcibly inject them for the greater good. Anyone who expresses concern about possible side effects is immediately branded as conspiratorial or anti-science. Yet controversial claims that certain vaccine variants cause neurological disorders like autism have led some people to swear off inoculations altogether. This all-or-nothing dynamic has completely polarized the issue and prevents any reasonable discussion from taking place. Either you accept all of the CDC’s recommended 69 doses of 16 vaccines between birth and age 18, or you want to bring back measles, polio, and probably the black plague. 
On the other extreme side of the debate, if you fail to acknowledge all vaccines as dangerous, you’re an ignorant sheep. Through the internet, disinformation has become widespread and created a movement of people that have written off all the benefits accomplished through immunizations. These individuals are unable or unwilling to separate the science from the shady institutions that develop and distribute new vaccines. Even if thimerosal and mercury based preservatives cause adverse reactions in some patients, it doesn’t detract from the advantages vaccine technology provides. In this debate, like most others in the US, both sides are swept up in emotion and ignorance. 
Regardless, the public’s trust in vaccinations has been eroded by the reputations of those companies producing them. Pharmaceutical giants like Merck and Pfizer make billions from the distribution of these shots, and the potential profits after a mandate are enough to corrupt the morals of almost anyone. In one example, former CDC director Dr. Julie Gerberding left her post at the government agency in 2009 to work in Merck’s vaccine division. An investigative report published by the British Medical Journal last year found the CDC downplays its ties to the pharmaceutical industry. 
Further, by buying the support of politicians like Hillary Clinton — who received more donations from pharmaceutical companies and their employees than any other candidate this year — these huge companies are able to expand their influence in directing government policy . 
Maintaining control over what we put into our own bodies is a fundamental right, but for now, standing up to these government decrees only means ostracism from the education system and criticism from peers. In the future, however, the punishments for disobedience will likely only grow stricter. 
An Orange County doctor named Bob Sears is already in the crosshairs of California’s medical board after excusing a two-year-old from future vaccinations. The mother expressed concern that her daughter had an adverse reaction to a previous shot, describing the child as becoming limp “like a ragdoll” for 24 hours after the last dose. Dr. Sears’ alternative treatment recommendations break from the rules dictated by S.B. 277, and now his reputation, as well as his career, are in jeopardy. This new authority to strip doctors of their medical licenses for simply going against the state-imposed standards opens the door for the persecution of medical professionals who resist any government regulation. 
A vaccination is an invasive medical procedure that can have different effects on each and every individual. The Nuremberg Code’s first principle is voluntary consent, but it seems the lessons of history have been completely forgotten by today’s leaders. The transition of these shots from “recommended” to “required” is well underway, and those who think the ends justify the means are willing to forcibly make sure everyone else complies. 
The new benchmark set by California symbolizes a precedent that could be mimicked across the nation. Without having the discretion to choose which medications are injected into your body — or your child’s — how can anyone convince themselves they are free? This overreach and collusion can often be dismissed as a trivial issue, but the fact that voluntary consent is under attack speaks volumes to the extent that state power has metastasized.",0
10405,"Tehran, USA","  
I’m not an immigrant, but my grandparents are. More than 50 years ago, they arrived in New York City from Iran. I grew up mainly in central New Jersey, an American kid playing little league for the Raritan Red Sox and soccer for the Raritan Rovers. In 1985, I travelled with my family to our ancestral land. I was only eight, but old enough to understand that the Iranians had lost their liberty and freedom. I saw the abject despair of a people who, in a desperate attempt to bring about change, had ushered in nationalist tyrants led by Ayatollah Khomeini. 
What I witnessed during that year in Iran changed the course of my life. In 1996, at age 19, wanting to help preserve the blessings of liberty and freedom we enjoy in America, I enlisted in the U.S. Navy. Now, with the rise of Donald Trump and his nationalist alt-right movement, I’ve come to feel that the values I sought to protect are in jeopardy. 
In Iran, theocratic fundmentalists sowed division and hatred of outsiders — of Westerners, Christians, and other religious minorities. Here in America, the right wing seems to have stolen passages directly from their playbook as it spreads hatred of immigrants, particularly Muslim ones. This form of nationalistic bigotry — Islamophobia — threatens the heart of our nation. When I chose to serve in the military, I did so to protect what I viewed as our sacred foundational values of liberty, equality, and democracy. Now, 20 years later, I’ve joined forces with fellow veterans to again fight for those sacred values, this time right here at home. 
“Death to America!” 
As a child, I sat in my class at the international school one sunny morning and heard in the distance the faint sounds of gunfire and rising chants of “Death to America!” That day would define the rest of my life. 
It was Tehran, the capital of Iran, in 1985. I was attending a unique school for bilingual students who had been born in Western nations. It had become the last refuge in that city with any tolerance for Western teaching, but that also made it a target for military fundamentalists. As the gunfire drew closer, I heard boots pounding the marble tiles outside, marching into our building, and thundering down the corridor toward my classroom. As I heard voices chanting “Death to America!” I remember wondering if I would survive to see my parents again. 
In a flash of green and black uniforms, those soldiers rushed into our classroom, grabbed us by our shirt collars, and yelled at us to get outside. We were then packed into the school’s courtyard where a soldier pointed his rifle at our group and commanded us to look up. Almost in unison, my classmates and I raised our eyes and saw the flags of our many nations being torn down and dangled from the balcony, then set ablaze and tossed, still burning, into the courtyard. As those flags floated to the ground in flames, the soldiers fired their guns in the air. Shouting, they ordered us — if we ever wanted to see our families again — to swear allegiance to the Grand Ayatollah Khomeini and trample on the remains of the burning symbols of our home countries. I scanned the smoke that was filling the courtyard for my friends and classmates and, horrified, watched them capitulate and begin to chant, “Death to America!” as they stomped on our sacred symbols. 
I was so angry that, young as I was, I began to plead with them to come to their senses. No one paid the slightest attention to an eight year old and yet, for the first time in my life, I felt something like righteous indignation. I suspect that, born and raised in America, I was already imbued with such a sense of privilege that I just couldn’t fathom the immense danger I was in. Certainly, I was acting in ways no native Iranian would have found reasonable. 
Across the smoke-filled courtyard, I saw a soldier coming at me and knew he meant to force me to submit. I spotted an American flag still burning, dropped to my knees, and grabbed the charred pieces from underneath a classmate’s feet. As the soldier closed in on me, I ducked and ran, still clutching my charred pieces of flag into a crowd of civilians who had gathered to witness the commotion. The events of that day would come to define all that I have ever stood for — or against. 
“Camel Jockey,” “Ayatollah,” and “Gandhi” 
My parents and I soon returned to the United States and I entered third grade. More than anything, I just wanted to be normal, to fit in and be accepted by my peers. Unfortunately, my first name, Nader (which I changed to Nate upon joining the Navy), and my swarthy Middle Eastern appearance, were little help on that score, eliciting regular jibes from my classmates. Even at that young age, they had already mastered a veritable thesaurus of ethnic defamation, including “camel jockey,” “sand-nigger,” “raghead,” “ayatollah,” and ironically, “Gandhi” (which I now take as a compliment). My classmates regularly sought to “other-ize” me in those years, as if I were a lesser American because of my faith and ethnicity. 
Yet I remember that tingling in my chest when I first donned my Cub Scout uniform — all because of the American flag patch on its shoulder. Something felt so good about wearing it, a feeling I still had when I joined the military. It seems that the flag I tried to rescue in Tehran was stapled to my heart, or that’s how I felt anyway as I wore my country’s uniform. 
When I took my oath of enlistment in the U.S. Navy, I gave my mom a camera and asked her to take some photos, but she was so overwhelmed with pride and joy that she cried throughout the ceremony and managed to snap only a few images of the carpet. She cried even harder when I was selected to serve as the first Muslim-American member of the U.S. Navy Presidential Ceremonial Honor Guard . On that day, I was proud, too, and all the taunts of those bullies of my childhood seemed finally silenced. 
Being tormented because of my ethnicity and religion in those early years had another effect on me. It caused me to become unusually sensitive to the nature of other people. Somehow, I grasped that, if it weren’t for a fear of the unknown, there was an inherent goodness and frail humanity lurking in many of the kids who bullied and harassed me. Often, I discovered, those same bullies could be tremendously kind to their families, friends, or even strangers. I realized, then, that if, despite everything, I could lay myself bare and trust them enough to reach out in kindness, I might in turn gain their trust and they might then see me, too, and stop operating from such a place of fear and hate. 
Through patience, humor, and understanding, I was able to offer myself as the embodiment of my people and somehow defang the “otherness” of so much that Americans found scary. To this day, I have friends from elementary school, middle school, high school, and the military who tell me that I am the only Muslim they have ever known and that, had they not met me, their perspective on Islam would have been wholly subject to the prevailing fear-based narrative that has poisoned this country since September 11, 2001. 
In 1998, I became special assistant to the Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy and then, in 1999, I was recruited to serve at the Defense Intelligence Agency. In August 2000, I transferred to the Naval Reserve. 
In the wake of 9/11, I began to observe how so many of my fellow Americans were adopting a fundamentalist “us vs. them” attitude towards Muslims and Islam. I suddenly found myself in an America where the scattered insults I had endured as a child took on an overarching and sinister meaning and form, where they became something like an ideology and way of life. 
By the time I completed my military service in 2006, I had begun to understand that our policies in the Middle East,similarly disturbed, seemed in pursuit of little more than perpetual warfare. That, in turn, was made possible by the creation of a new enemy: Islam — or rather of a portrait, painted by the powers-that-be, of Islam as a terror religion, as a hooded villain lurking out there somewhere in the desert, waiting to destroy us. I knew that attempting to dispel, through the patient approach of my childhood, the kind of Islamophobia that now had the country by the throat was not going to be enough. Post-9/11 attacks on Muslims in the U.S. and elsewhere were not merely childish taunts. 
For the first time in my life, in a country gripped by fear, I believed I was witnessing a shift, en masse, toward an American fundamentalism and ultra-nationalism that reflected a wanton lack of reason, not to mention fact. As a boy in Iran, I had witnessed the dark destination down which such a path could take a country. Now, it seemed to me, in America’s quest to escape the very demons we had sown by our own misadventures in the Middle East, and forsaking the hallmarks of our founding, we risked becoming everything we sought to defeat. 
The Boy in the Schoolyard Grown Up 
On February 10, 2015, three young American students, Yusor Abu-Salha, Razan Abu-Salha, and Deah Shaddy Barakat, were executed at an apartment complex in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The killer was a gun-crazy white man filled with hate and described by his own daughter as “a monster.” Those assassinations struck a special chord of sorrow and loss in me. My mom and I cried and prayed together for those students and their families. 
The incident in Chapel Hill also awoke in me some version of the righteous indignation I had felt so many years earlier in that smoke-filled courtyard in Iran. I would be damned if I stood by while kids in my country were murdered simply because of their faith. It violated every word of the oath I had taken when I joined the military and desecrated every value I held in my heart as a sacred tenet of our nation. White nationalists and bigots had, by then, thrown down the gauntlet for so much of this, using Islamophobia to trigger targeted assassinations in the United States. This was terrorism, pure and simple, inspired by hate-speakers here at home. 
At that moment, I reached out to fellow veterans who, I thought, might be willing to help — and it’s true what they say about soul mates being irrevocably drawn to each other. When I contacted Veterans For Peace , an organization dedicated to exposing the costs of war and militarism, I found the leadership well aware of the inherent dangers of Islamophobia and of the need to confront this new enemy. So Executive Director Michael McPhearson formed a committee of vets from around the country to decide how those of us who had donned uniforms to defend this land could best battle the phenomenon — and I, of course, joined it. 
From that committee emerged Veterans Challenge Islamophobia (VCI). It now has organizers in Arizona, Georgia, New Jersey, and Texas, and that’s just a beginning. Totally nonpartisan, VCI focuses on politicians of any party who engage in hate speech. We’ve met with leaders of American Muslim communities, sat with them through Ramadan, and attended their Iftar dinners to break our fasts together. In the wake of the Orlando shooting , we at VCI also mobilized to fight back against attempts to pit the Muslim community against the LGBTQ+ community. 
Our group was born of the belief that, as American military veterans, we had a responsibility to call out bigotry, hatred, and the perpetuation of endless warfare. We want the American Muslim community to know that they have allies, and that those allies are indeed veterans as well. We stand with them and for them and, for those of us who are Muslim, among them. 
Nationalism and xenophobia have no place in American life, and I, for my part, don’t think Donald Trump or anyone like him should be able to peddle Islamophobia in an attempt to undermine our national unity. Without Islamophobia, there no longer exists a “clash of civilizations.” Without Islamophobia, whatever the problems in the world may be, there is no longer an “us vs. them” and it’s possible to begin reimagining a world of something other than perpetual war. 
As of now, this remains the struggle of my life, for despite my intense love for America, some of my countrymen increasingly see American Muslims as the “other,” the enemy. 
My Mom taught me as a boy that the only thing that mattered was what was in my heart. Now, with her in mind and as a representative of VCI, when I meet fellow Americans I always remember my childhood experiences with my bullying peers. And I still lay myself bare, as I did then. I give trust to gain trust, but always knowing that these days this isn’t just a matter of niceties. It’s a question of life or death. It’s part of a battle for the soul of our nation. 
In many ways, I still consider myself that boy in the school courtyard in Tehran trying to rescue charred pieces of that flag from those trampling feet. It’s just that now I’m doing it in my own country. 
Nate Terani is a veteran of the U.S. Navy and served in military intelligence with the Defense Intelligence Agency. He is currently a member of the leadership team at Common Defense PAC and regional campaign organizer with Veterans Challenge Islamophobia . He is a featured columnist with the Arizona Muslim Voice newspaper. (Reprinted from TomDispatch by permission of author or representative)",0
10406,New RNC Ad Campaign Reminds Voters Obamacare Was Originally 'Hillarycare',"Share on Twitter 
The Republican National Committee launched a new video advertisement Thursday hitting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on her support for the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as “Obamacare.” 
The 27-second video, which is part of a five-figure campaign on Facebook, details the recent developments surrounding increased healthcare premiums for individuals in certain states by reminding voters of Clinton's support for the landmark law. 
The video, obtained by Independent Journal Review, also plays Clinton's quote taking credit for the Affordable Care Act's framework: 
“Before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare.” 
In a statement, RNC chairman Reince Priebus said, “Hillary Clinton’s tone deaf promises to expand Obamacare will only mean a greater strain on the finances of many American families,” adding: 
“Hillary Clinton has for years touted her own botched healthcare plans as the blueprint for this trainwreck of a law that was designed to fail, and the almost daily reports of skyrocketing premiums, disappearing options, and collapsing state exchanges will remain a reality if she is president.” 
Obamacare's struggles have been a prominent focus for Republicans in many down-ballot races across the United States. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has touched on the issue as well, releasing a brief healthcare position paper . 
Because of Clinton's role in the framework and selling of the Affordable Care Act, Priebus said that voters should reject Clinton. 
“The best way to hold Hillary Clinton and Democrats in Congress accountable for this mess is to elect Donald Trump president and return Republican majorities to the House and Senate so we can pass patient-centered healthcare reform that won’t cripple family budgets,"" he said. ",0
10407,"FBI Discovered Emails Weeks Ago, Stash Includes Classified Emails “Likely” Deleted By Clinton – Wikileaks","Home » Headlines » World News » FBI Discovered Emails Weeks Ago, Stash Includes Classified Emails “Likely” Deleted By Clinton – Wikileaks 
JACKPOT… 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 31, 2016 
Lost in all this is further criminal revelations from Wikileaks regarding donations: Tina Flournoy, Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton, tells Hillary Clinton campain chair John Podesta: https://t.co/xPuAzjvBEM pic.twitter.com/PhMvUu7m3F 
Meanwhile, Wikileaks begins “Phase 3” of the Hillary leaks this week: We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Panda Coins Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
10408,Зачем украинскому олигарху российское гражданство?,"0 комментариев 2 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/Коммерсантъ 
Напомним, Эдуард Шифрин является одним из соучредителей холдинга Midland Group, которая ведет проекты в области металлургии, недвижимости и сельского хозяйства. На территории РФ компания владеет различной недвижимостью. По оценкам финансовых аналитиков, состояние Шифрина составляет более 1 млрд долларов. 
Прокомментировать ситуацию Pravda.Ru попросила руководителя Института политических исследований при Депортаменте стран СНГ Алексея Бычкова. 
— Почему богатые люди с Украины уезжают не на Запад, а в Россию? 
— Прежде всего, это связано с тем, что в 2014 году произошла ""революция недвижимости"", как об этом говорят на Украине, прежде всего имея в виду передел сфер влияния олигархов. Кто-то в этом переделе получил преимущество, например, Порошенко, Коломойский получили там новые предприятия и новые финансовые механизмы. А кто-то, наоборот, потерял, например, Ахметов. 
В основном убытки понесли представители, скажем так, донецкой и восточной группы, тот же Шифрин из Днепропетровска. Сейчас, естественно, эти люди имеют серьезное влияние — финансовое и политическое — на Украине, и у них по-прежнему до сих пор сохраняются определенные политические силы, финансовые механизмы воздействия. 
Поэтому я считаю, что Москва принимает правильное решение. С одной стороны, она объединяет людей, скажем так, положительно относящихся к России. Здесь безусловно важно отметить, что у Шифрина большое количества бизнесов находится в России, много недвижимости, которая находится на территории России. Естественно, этим людям более выгодно взаимодействие с Россией. 
Когда произошел Майдан, Украина раскололось на две части не только с точки зрения языкового отношения, культурного отношения, типа ""русский мир"" и ""украинские националисты"". Раскол прошел и с точки зрения крупных финансовых магнатов, в частности, олигархов. И этот раскол в перспективе приведет к тому, что Украина прекратит существовать как государство. 
На сегодняшний день происходит гражданская война (по другому ее не назовешь), и это последствия того, что одни люди, скажем так, пытались отодвинуть других влиятельных людей на Украине и заполучить бразды правления и финансовые механизмы. А из-за этого, естественно, страдают простые люди. Есть такая украинская поговорка, паны скубятся, а у холопов чубы летят. 
— Не вызовет ли эта история недовольство, учитывая, что, скажем, украинскому шахтеру, наверное, не так просто получить российское гражданство. Сколько у нас украинцев, и нормально ли у них миграционные вопросы решаются? 
— Это политическая история. Она никак не связана с миграционными потоками. Это сугубо связано с тем, что влиятельных людей, которые критически относятся в нынешнее время к правительству в Киеве, Владимир Владимирович Путин объединяет вокруг себя. 
С одной стороны, это положительно с точки зрения позиции ""враг моего врага — мой друг"". С другой стороны, у нас у самих огромное количество олигархов, чье состояние хранится в лондонских, кипрских и других банках за пределами Российской Федерации. И естественно, новые олигархи, у которых состояние исчисляется в фунтах, тот же Шифрин, который уже на протяжении долго периода времени проживал не на территории Украины, а в Англии, сложно сказать, какое влияние будут оказывать. Ведь Англия сейчас является главным геополитическим врагом России. Насколько это правильное, взвешенное с точки зрения далеко идущих планов решение — это уже сложно оценить. Но это политическое решение, принятое в верхах, где, наверное, немного больше видят, чем мы. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
10409,Why Marijuana Should Be Legalized Across The Globe,"Keywords: ban on marijuana , legalized marijuana , Marijuana benefits 
Long gone are the days where marijuana is seen as taboo. More and more states have been legalizing marijuana for medical use—Alaska, California, DC, Delaware, Maine, Oregon, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, New Jersey, New Mexico, Connecticut, Michigan, Maryland, Hawaii, Arizona, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Vermont; while Colorado and Washington have made history by decriminalizing the plant completely. Besides the United States, many countries have also began legalizing the use of marijuana (however, in some of these places, cultivating or transporting is still illegal)—Cambodia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Ecuador, Italy, Estonia, Jamaica, Mexico, Nepal—among many others. 
After a Gallop poll was done, it showed that 58 percent of Americans are in favor of legalizing the natural plant. This is the first time in history that Americans are more in favor of legalizing, than criminalizing, the herb. Below are a few reasons why it’s time to legalize marijuana worldwide. Marijuana can be used to treat a variety of medical ailments. 
Did you know that marijuana helps in treating epileptic seizures? It contains certain cannabinoids that have anticonvulsant properties, according to Katherine Mortati, MD, a neurologist serving at the Comprehensive Epilepsy Center , SUNY Downstate Medical Center . Furthermore, marijuana has been discovered to relieve nausea in cancer patients, increase appetite in HIV/AIDS patients, relax muscle tension and spasms; and relieve chronic pain. It has a very low abuse risk. 
According to Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN’s Chief Medical Correspondent, around 9 to 10 percent of adult users become dependent on marijuana. This is much lower than the dependent 20 percent of cocaine users, 25 percent of addicted heroin users, and the 30 percent of dependent tobacco users. Cannabis can be a useful in treating insomnia. 
The number one cause of insomnia is stress, and marijuana aids in relaxation. A study done by the National Cancer Institute found that patients that ingested a cannabis plant extract spray reported a much more restful sleep. It has been researched that THC provides a subject with an easier time falling asleep, longer sleep, deeper sleep, and better breathing while sleeping. The National Institute on Drug Abuse and National Institutes of Health funded studies that reported that subjects were able to fall asleep easier and more quickly after consuming THC. Approximately 40% of Americans have admitted to using marijuana. 
With more and more Americans having admit to trying marijuana at least once in their lives, it has been shown that marijuana is less addictive than coffee. Because of this, more people are finding reasons to feel safer when trying the drug. No one has ever died from a marijuana overdose. 
There has never been any reported case of anyone ever fatally overdosing on marijuana, despite the large amounts of THC in their systems. Prescription drugs, on the other hand, have been responsible for over 25,000 deaths in 2014 according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse ; while the Center for Disease Control and Prevention report that 6 Americans die every day from alcohol poisoning. 
Sources:",0
10410,"Report: Microsoft Withheld Free Cyber Attack Patch, Charged Old Software Users Instead - Breitbart","Microsoft withheld a free patch from users of old software that “could have slowed the devastating spread of ransomware WannaCry to businesses,” opting to charge those using older versions instead, according to a report.  “Recognizing that for a variety of business reasons, companies sometimes choose not to upgrade even after 10 or 15 years, Microsoft offers custom support agreements as a stopgap measure,” said the spokesman to CNET. “To be clear, Microsoft would prefer that companies upgrade and realize the full benefits of the latest version rather than choose custom support. ” “Security experts agree that the best protection is to be on a modern,    system that incorporates the latest    innovations,” they continued. “Older systems, even if fully    simply lack the latest protections. ” Following last week’s WannaCry global attack, which disrupted organizations and services around the world, including Britain’s National Healthcare Service (NHS) Microsoft criticized the U. S. government for poorly storing cyberweapons, which had been leaked from the National Security Agency (NSA). “The WannaCrypt exploits used in the attack were drawn from the exploits stolen from the National Security Agency, or NSA, in the United States,” Microsoft explained in a statement. “That theft was publicly reported earlier this year. A month prior, on March 14, Microsoft had released a security update to patch this vulnerability and protect our customers. ” “While this protected newer Windows systems and computers that had enabled Windows Update to apply this latest update, many computers remained unpatched globally. As a result, hospitals, businesses, governments, and computers at homes were affected,” they claimed. Citing the recent WikiLeaks releases that included leaked code for CIA programs, Microsoft added that “this attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem,” calling it “an emerging pattern in 2017. ” “The governments of the world should treat this attack as a   call,” they expressed, claiming that government agencies “need to take a different approach and adhere in cyberspace to the same rules applied to weapons in the physical world. ” Several journalists, however, claimed in articles that Microsoft was just as responsible for the attack as the U. S. government. “By failing to support older versions of its operating system, the IT company provided the hackers that stole the NSA’s IT Tomahawk Missile the opportunity they needed,” expressed one writer for the Independent, while the Inquirer voiced similar concerns in an article titled “Microsoft, it’s not just the NSA. If you want to kill WannaCry, fix broken Windows. ” This week, cybersecurity firm Proofpoint warned that a bigger global attack was on the way. “It uses the hacking tools recently disclosed by the NSA and which have since been fixed by Microsoft in a more stealthy manner and for a different purpose,” said Proofpoint, who discovered the “Adylkuzz” attack. “As it is silent and doesn’t trouble the user, the Adylkuzz attack is much more profitable for the cyber criminals. ” “It transforms the infected users into unwitting financial supporters of their attackers,” they continued, explaining that Adylkuzz lays low on infected devices and mines the   Monero, before sending the financial gain to the perpetrators. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
10411,E.P.A. Head Stacks Agency With Climate Change Skeptics - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Days after the Senate confirmed him as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt appeared at the Conservative Political Action Conference and was asked about addressing a group that probably wanted to eliminate his agency. “I think it’s justified,” he responded, to cheers. “I think people across the country look at the E. P. A. the way they look at the I. R. S. ” In the days since, Mr. Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general who built a career out of suing the agency he now leads, has moved to stock the top offices of the agency with   conservatives  —   many of them skeptics of climate change and all of them intent on rolling back environmental regulations that they see as overly intrusive and harmful to business. Mr. Pruitt has drawn heavily from the staff of his friend and fellow Oklahoma Republican, Senator James Inhofe, long known as Congress’s most prominent skeptic of climate science. A former Inhofe chief of staff, Ryan Jackson, will be Mr. Pruitt’s chief of staff. Another former Inhofe staff member, Byron Brown, will serve as Mr. Jackson’s deputy. Andrew Wheeler, a fossil fuel lobbyist and a former Inhofe chief of staff, is a finalist to be Mr. Pruitt’s deputy, although he requires confirmation to the position by the Senate. To friends and critics, Mr. Pruitt seems intent on building an E. P. A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the career officials, scientists and employees who carry out the agency’s missions. That might be a recipe for strife and gridlock at the federal agency tasked to keep safe the nation’s clean air and water while safeguarding the planet’s future. “He’s the most different kind of E. P. A. administrator that’s ever been,” said Steve J. Milloy, a member of the E. P. A. transition team who runs the website JunkScience. com, which aims to debunk climate change. “He’s not coming in thinking E. P. A. is the greatest thing since sliced bread. Quite the opposite. ” Gina McCarthy, who headed the E. P. A. under former President Barack Obama, said she too saw Mr. Pruitt as unique. “It’s fine to have differing opinions on how to meet the mission of the agency. Many Republican administrators have had that,” she said. “But here, for the first time, I see someone who has no commitment to the mission of the agency. ” A pair of Trump campaigners from Washington State are also heading into senior positions at the E. P. A. Don Benton, a former Washington state senator who headed President Trump’s state campaign, will be the agency’s senior liaison with the White House. Douglas Ericksen, a current Washington state senator, is being considered as the regional administrator of the E. P. A. ’s Pacific Northwest office. As a state senator, Mr. Ericksen has been active in opposing efforts to pass a   climate change law taxing carbon pollution. Last month, he invited Tony Heller, a climate denialist who blogs under the pseudonym Steven Goddard, to address a Washington State Senate committee on the costs of climate change policy. Mr. Heller’s blog says “global warming is the biggest fraud in science history. ” “I think the reason both of these guys are being considered for this stuff is they were the only prominent elected officials in the state of Washington that were early supporters and organizers for Trump,” said Todd Donovan, a political scientist at Western Washington University. “No other state legislators were putting their necks out for Trump. ” Another transition official under consideration by Mr. Pruitt for a permanent position is David Kreutzer, a senior research fellow in energy economics and climate change at the conservative Heritage Foundation who has publicly praised the benefits of increasing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. That view stands in opposition to the broad scientific consensus that increased carbon dioxide traps heat and contributes to the dangerous warming of the planet. The agency’s policy agenda is snapping into focus: Last week, Mr. Trump signed an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of dismantling a major   regulation aimed at increasing the federal government’s authority over rivers, streams and wetlands in order to prevent water pollution. Also last week, Mr. Pruitt ordered the agency to walk back a program on collecting data on methane emissions, a potent greenhouse gas, from oil and gas wells. This week, Mr. Trump is expected to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of unwinding Mr. Obama’s E. P. A. regulations aimed at curbing   pollution from   power plants, and Mr. Pruitt is expected to announce plans to begin to weaken an   rule mandating higher fuel economy standards. A draft White House budget blueprint proposes to slash the E. P. A. budget by about 24 percent, or $2 billion from its current level of $8. 1 billion, and cut employee numbers by about 20 percent from its current staff of about 15, 000. Agency employees say morale has already been damaged. After working for years to draft climate change regulations under the Obama administration, many of those same career scientists and lawyers will be ordered to go back and undo them. Ms. McCarthy, who oversaw the writing and execution of those major water and climate change regulations, said it would be difficult and   to reverse them, especially if Mr. Trump succeeds in greatly downsizing the agency. “If you want to do these executive orders that require a whole rewrite of the rule, you have to get that right, legally,” she said. “It took years to do those rules. To now ask for those things to be undone with less staff and low morale  —   how are they going to do it?” There is one area in which Mr. Pruitt has vowed to continue the traditional work of the E. P. A.: a longstanding program for sending funds to states to clean up “brownfields”  —   former industrial sites that have been contaminated by pollution. Although Mr. Trump’s budget blueprint would slash funds for that program, Mr. Pruitt pledged to a gathering of mayors in Washington last week that he would fight to save the program. “With the White House and Congress I am communicating a message about brownfields,” he told mayors. “I want to hear from you about successes and communicate them. ” J. Christian Bollwage, the Democratic mayor of Elizabeth, N. J. a city that has been plagued with industrial pollution, said he was heartened to hear the pledge. “I’ve never heard such a vociferous defense of providing brownfields grants,” he said. “He was explicit. He said he was going to take the defense of brownfields to the White House. I was impressed and hopeful. ” But, Mr. Bollwage added, “Coming from New Jersey, climate change is also a big issue. And I’m still worried about an administration that seems to think climate change is a hoax. ” Concern over Mr. Pruitt’s stewardship may not be  . There is speculation that the E. P. A. chief already has his eyes on a different office. Mr. Inhofe, 82, will complete his current Senate term in 2020. While he declined to speak of his retirement plans, Mr. Inhofe said of Mr. Pruitt, “I think he’d make a great senator. ”",0
10412,Christian Leaders Denounce Trump’s Plan to Favor Christian Refugees - The New York Times,"Over the past decade, Christians in the United States have grown increasingly alarmed about the persecution of other Christians overseas, especially in the Middle East. With each priest kidnapped in Syria, each Christian family attacked in Iraq or each Coptic church bombed in Egypt, the clamor for action rose. During the campaign, Donald J. Trump picked up on these fears, speaking frequently of Christians who were refused entry to the United States and beheaded by terrorists of the Islamic State: “If you’re a Christian, you have no chance,” he said in Ohio in November. Now, President Trump has followed through on his campaign promise to rescue Christians who are suffering. The executive order he signed on Friday gives preference to refugees who belong to a religious minority in their country, and have been persecuted for their religion. The president detailed his intentions during an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday, saying his administration is giving priority to Christians because they had suffered “more so” than others, “so we are going to help them. ” But if Mr. Trump had hoped for Christian leaders to break out in cheers, that is, for the most part, not what he has heard so far. A broad array of clergy members has strongly denounced Mr. Trump’s order as discriminatory, misguided and inhumane. Outrage has also come from some of the evangelical, Roman Catholic and mainline Protestant leaders who represent the churches most active in trying to aid persecuted Christians. By giving preference to Christians over Muslims, religious leaders have said the executive order pits one faith against another. By barring any refugees from entering the United States for nearly four months, it leaves people to suffer longer in camps, and prevents families from reuniting. Also, many religious leaders have said that putting an indefinite freeze on refugees from Syria, and cutting the total number of refugees admitted this year by 60, 000, shuts the door to those most in need. “We believe in assisting all, regardless of their religious beliefs,” said Bishop Joe S. Vásquez, the chairman of the committee on migration for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. Jen Smyers, the director of policy and advocacy for the immigration and refugee program of Church World Service, a ministry affiliated with dozens of Christian denominations, called Friday a “shameful day” in United States history. It remains to be seen whether Mr. Trump’s executive order will find more support in the pews. During the campaign, Mr. Trump successfully mined many voters’ concern about national security and fear of Muslims. He earned the votes of four out of every five white evangelical Christians, and a majority of white Catholics, exit polls showed. In interviews on Sunday, churchgoers in several cities were sharply divided on the issue, including on whether Christian teachings supported giving priority to Christians. “Love thy neighbor” was cited more than once, and by both sides: It was seen as both a commandment to embrace all peoples and to defend one’s actual neighbors from harm. “You look at a city like Mosul, which is one of the oldest Christian populations in the world,” said Mark Tanner, 52, a worshiper at Buckhead Church, an evangelical church in Atlanta, referring to the besieged Iraqi city. “There’s a remnant there that want to stay there to be a Christian witness. ” “So yeah,” he continued. “We should reach out to everyone, but we have to be real about it and as far as who you let come into the country. ” Nmachi Abengowe, 62, a native of Nigeria who attends Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship in Dallas, cited    violence in Africa in defending Mr. Trump’s preference for Christian refugees. “They believe in jihad,” he said of Muslims. “They don’t have peace. Peace comes from Jesus Christ. ” That was not the view of Makeisha Robey, 39, who was at the Atlanta church. “I think that is just completely opposite what it means to be a Christian,” she said. “God’s love was not for you specifically. It’s actually for everyone, and it’s our job as Christians to kind of enforce that on this planet, to bring God’s love to everyone. ” John and Noreen Yarwood, who attended Mass at the   of St. Joseph, a Catholic church in Brooklyn, said they feared that a policy of preference for Christians could in practice become a preference for certain denominations of Christianity over others. “What does this administration mean by Christian?” Mr. Yarwood, 37, asked. He said that refugees are deserving of help and mercy “because of desperation and poverty,” not because of their religion. “This is not grace,” he said of the president’s order. “It doesn’t follow Christian teachings. ” Christian leaders who defended Mr. Trump’s executive order were rare this weekend. One of the few was the Rev. Franklin Graham, the son of the evangelist Billy Graham and the president of Samaritan’s Purse, an evangelical aid organization. Mr. Graham has long denounced Islam as “evil,” and in July 2015 proposed a ban on Muslims entering the United States as a solution to domestic terrorism, months before Mr. Trump made his first call for the same. In a statement on Saturday, Mr. Graham said of refugees, “We need to be sure their philosophies related to freedom and liberty are in line with ours. ” He added that those who followed Sharia law  —   a set of beliefs at the core of Islam  —   hold notions “ultimately incompatible with the Constitution of this nation. ” Jim Jacobson, the president of Christian Freedom International, which advocates for persecuted Christians, applauded the executive order and said, “The Trump administration has given hope to persecuted Christians that their cases will finally be considered. ” Among the claims Mr. Trump made at his campaign rallies was that the Obama administration had denied refugee status to Christians, and had given preference to Muslims. “How unfair is that? How bad is that?” he told supporters at a rally in St. Clairsville, Ohio, interlaced with boasts about his “tremendous evangelical support. ” The contention was consistent with the conspiracy theories held by some conservative Christians that Mr. Obama was secretly a Muslim, and that he was turning a blind eye to the suffering of Christians while using the reins of government to increase the Muslim population of the United States. But the claim is simply untrue. In 2016, the United States admitted almost as many Christian refugees (37, 521) as Muslim refugees (38, 901) according to the Pew Research Center. While only about one percent of the refugees from Syria resettled in the United States last year were Christian, the population of that country is 93 percent Muslim and only 5 percent Christian, according to Pew. And leaders of several refugee resettlement organizations said during interviews that it took 18 months to three years for most refugees to go through the vetting process to get into the United States. Many Syrian Christians got into the pipeline more recently. “We have no evidence that would support a belief that the Obama administration was discriminating against Christian populations,” said the Rev. Scott Arbeiter, the president of World Relief, the humanitarian arm of National Association of Evangelicals. His organization has resettled thousands of Muslim refugees, with the help of a network of 1, 200 evangelical churches. Mr. Arbeiter said that World Relief is opposed to “any measure that would discriminate against the most vulnerable people in the world based on ethnicity, country of origin, religion, gender or gender identity. Our commitment is to serve vulnerable people without regard to those factors, or any others. ” He said that World Relief had already gathered 12, 000 signatures from evangelical Christians for a petition opposing Mr. Trump’s executive order. “We’re going to call out to our network, the 1, 200 churches that are actively involved,” he said, “and ask them to use their voices to change the narrative, to challenge the facts that drive the fear so high that people would accept this executive order. ”",0
10413,A British Divorce From Europe? Henry VIII Blazed the Trail - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Across the English Channel, a great and unyielding power holds sway, denying London’s rights. The sovereign state is not sovereign at all. Days before a referendum on leaving the European Union, those are the images of Britain’s plight advanced by the   Brexiteers, who are campaigning for their nation to signal a muscular new era of independence by leaving the   bloc. But the English have been there before. Five centuries ago, King Henry VIII, chafing at the theological and financial clout of the papacy, broke with Rome and led his subjects into the new pastures of the Church of England, with himself as its supreme overlord. It was a step that changed Christendom, molding faith and identity to this day among the world’s roughly 85 million Anglicans. In the process, “England ceased to be part of a huge, medieval,   European empire and instead became an independent sovereign   free from ‘the authority of any foreign potentate’  —   above all the Pope,” Adrian Pabst, a lecturer in politics at the University of Kent, wrote in The Guardian in 2009. “If you ever wondered about the origins of English euroskepticism, look no further than the Protestant Reformation. ” Historical parallels can be facile if not misleading, and the differences between the two eras are profound, not least in the democratic nature of Britain’s decision this time. But the echoes are strong enough to resonate at a moment when Britain is looking to its past for lessons that would apply to its future. Henry’s pique was rooted in Rome’s refusal to annul his first marriage, to Catherine of Aragon. He went on to take five more wives in his quest for a male heir, in direct contradiction of Catholic orthodoxy. The Brexiteers’ campaign is also about divorce  —   of nations and economies, perhaps, but certainly just as permanent, and with potentially   consequences. When Britons vote on Thursday, they may do so at the same polling stations used during national elections. Yet for the side that loses the ballot, “there is no   no consoling thought in defeat that, at least, there’s always next season,” the columnist Alex Massie wrote on The Spectator’s website. “No, defeat is permanent and for keeps. ” By coincidence, perhaps, the campaign has gathered pace at a time when the national imagination has been caught by the blockbuster success of Hilary Mantel’s novels “Wolf Hall” and “Bring Up the Bodies,” set during Henry VIII’s reign and reviving the issue of how the elite relate to adversaries at home and foes abroad. Ms. Mantel was among almost 300 cultural figures  —   actors and writers among them  —   who signed a public letter last month urging a vote to remain part of the European Union. “What kind of nation do we want to be?” the letter asked. “Are we   and open to working with others to achieve more? Or do we close ourselves off from our friends and neighbors at a time of increasing global uncertainty?” The   goes beyond that. Over centuries, England, and then Britain, has strutted the global stage as an imperial overlord whose people sometimes seem more comfortable in the guise of underdogs. The national psyche rests on a history of invasion, submission, conquest and    —   from the Romans and the   through the Normans and on to dynasties entwined with the royal houses of Europe. In more recent years, waves of immigration  —   Jamaicans in the 1950s, then Pakistanis, Indians and other Asians in the 1960s  —   have reshaped the country’s demographics. Christianity, prevalent in Henry’s day, is professed by less than half the population. The loss of an empire and the rise of a complex, interconnected global economy has rekindled the notion that, in times of flux, the English define themselves by their opposition to a bigger outside power  —   the papacy in the 16th century the European Union in the 21st. This    theme suffused Churchill’s speeches during World War II as Hitler’s armies spread across Europe to the Continent’s coastline. “We shall never surrender,” Churchill declared in 1940, albeit with the caveat that Britain would fight on until “the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. ” Today’s political leaders can barely resist the Churchillian mantra. Facing hostile questioning from a television audience on Sunday, a rattled Prime Minister David Cameron pointed out that “at my office I sit two yards from” where Churchill “resolved to fight on against Hitler. ” Churchill did not wish to be alone, Mr. Cameron said. “But he didn’t quit,” the prime minister added. “He didn’t quit on democracy, he didn’t quit on freedom. We want to fight for those things today. ” It was also Churchill, who, in 1930, foreshadowed one of the Brexiteers’ arguments in an   article in the Saturday Evening Post. “We see nothing but good and hope in a richer, freer, more contented European commonalty,” he said. “But we have our own dream and our own task. We are with Europe, but not of it. We are linked, but not comprised. We are interested and associated, but not absorbed. ” David Starkey, a Cambridge historian critical of the European Union, has drawn a direct parallel with the modern battle for the nation’s soul. “England’s semidetached relationship with continental Europe is neither new nor an aberration,” he wrote in 2012. “Instead, it is deeply rooted in the political development of the past 500 years. ” The   debate “was couched in strikingly ‘modern’ terms,” Dr. Starkey wrote, with Henry’s opponents arguing the case for papal authority “like a contemporary europhile,” maintaining that England was “subordinate to the laws and values of a   Christendom. ” “Henry VIII’s judges replied, on the contrary, that statute was binding and Parliament sovereign,” Dr. Starkey said. Then, as now, the notion of sovereignty was central to the discussion, and the implications were enormous. By breaking with Rome, some historians argue, the English came to see themselves a nation apart  —   a   magnified by the Act of Union with Scotland in 1707 and by centuries of colonial expansion. “Imperial Britain was isolationist, xenophobic,   and nationalist,” the historian Edwin Jones wrote in 1998, and a combination of these elements “helped to sustain the   of the British” in the early 18th century, he added. In 1848, Lord Palmerston, then the foreign secretary, told Parliament: “I may say without any vainglorious boast or without great offense to anyone that we stand at the head of moral, social and political civilization. Our task is to lead the way and direct the march of other nations. ” But the British always seem to qualify global ambition with the kind of parochial preoccupations that persuaded Adam Smith in 1776 to coin the phrase “a nation of shopkeepers. ” As the empire grew, indeed, a group known as the Little Englanders advocated a retreat from headlong colonial expansion, particularly in southern Africa. These days, the term endures as a derogatory epithet for the Brexiteers, who prefer to claim the mantle of a reawakened Britannia ruling newer waves  —   this time through a web of trade deals and alliances beyond the perceived narrow constraints and petty regulation of Brussels. Some argue that the dominant strand of the Brexiteers’ DNA lies in what A. A. Gill, a columnist for The Sunday Times, called “the most pernicious and debilitating Little English drug, nostalgia. ”",0
10414,Break Out of the Illusion,"Break Out of the Illusion   
In the old Soviet Union, people had “free” elections and were “free” to choose any Communist candidate that had been selected for the election. Most of the people of the Soviet Union understood well that their elections were shams. 

Here in the United States, we also have “free” elections and the corporate media narrative is that you need to vote for one of the two candidates that have been selected for you, because if you go outside of that “choice”, the other terrible candidate that you do not want will win the election. You may not particularly like the candidate you plan to vote for, but that candidate is certainly the “lesser evil”. The corporate media has successfully spun that illusion so now many people do not even realize that there are choices outside of the Democrat/Republican duopoly that is strangling our election process. 

So exactly how has the media created this illusion? Here are 2 examples: 

Peoples' Exhibit A: 
In Maryland, there are 3 candidates that are on the ballot for the office of U.S. Senator. Logically, you would think that the televised debate to inform voters of all their choices that the televised debate of these candidates would therefore include all three candidates. Unfortunately, you would be wrong. 

Only the candidates representing the Democrat/Republican duopoly were allowed to appear on stage, censoring the voice of Dr. Margaret Flowers, who is running on the Green Party ticket. This was done despite the fact that both of the candidates clearly said that Dr. Flowers should participate in the debate. (Notice how it was the corporate entities that dictated who appeared and who did not). The Republican candidate Kathy Szeliga, openly suggested that the third podium be opened for Dr. Flowers to participate, yet she was ignored. THIS IS KEY: what does this tell you of the real power structure here? 

The YouTube video below will show Dr. Margaret Flowers boldly going on to the stage and challenging the censoring of her voice. (Things start getting interesting around 5:50 ) Once you have seen this video, what are your thoughts about how “free” our elections really are? Do you like the fact that the corporate media gets to make the decisions of who should be heard and who should not? 


After being ejected from the stage, Dr. Flowers issued a statement: “We are fighting for our families, and our communities. I will not be silent about this rigged political process and this televised sham debate I was just excluded from. 

Shame on Ralph Watkins of League of Women Voters, Andy Green of the Baltimore Sun, Jay Newman of WJZ-13 CBS Baltimore, Ann Cotten of The University of Baltimore, and thanks to Kathy Szeliga, all the brave voices that rose to speak up, and everyone sharing the word on social media.“ 

People should find it especially troubling that institutes of higher learning, the University Of Baltimore and the College of Public Affairs were engaged in the censorship of a candidate who was on the ballot, but outside of those selected for public consumption. What ethics, morals, and values are they teaching their students and our future leaders? As a student or a parent of a student attending the University of Maryland, I would be very concerned about the leadership of this institution. Should not the very purpose for the existence of the College of Public Affairs be to engage in uncensored free debate of ideas? How can they be a party to the limiting and censoring of ideas? As a student attending these schools, I would certainly be reevaluating my enrollment. This is a purposeful dumbing down of the curriculum and this school could eventually find itself losing its relevancy, much as the public distrust for the corporate media has been steadily and continuously eroding their relevancy. 

Additionally, the reputation of the University was further damaged by the fact that the University of Baltimore refused to meet with Dr. Flowers and that it was the University Police that forcefully escorted Dr. Flowers from the debate. 

This entire episode illuminates how “our” electoral process has been hijacked by corporate interests and others who serve those interests. The fact that the Maryland League of Women Voters were integrally involved in this silencing saddens the heart. Here is an organization that previously had tremendous integrity, but has over time been co-opted and now serves the power interests. 


Peoples' Exhibit B: 
Remember those presidential debates? They only included Clinton and Trump, despite the fact there are two other candidates on the ballots in most states. Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party were not part of these debates. Who was it that excluded them? 

They were excluded by the Commission on Presidential Debates. So who exactly is this Commission on Presidential Debates? 

Most people would be surprised to learn that the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) is a private corporation . It is under the joint sponsorship of both the Democratic and Republican political parties in the United States. The Commission's debates are sponsored by private contributions from foundations and corporations. It becomes easy to understand why such a corporation would want to exclude candidates from other political parties that would question the existing power structure. 

With the CPD being privately funded by big money, just whose interests do you believe that the CPD represents? If they were to allow outside political parties to participate in the debates, the illusion that they have spun through their mouthpieces in the corporate media would begin to unravel. People would realize that there are other choices beyond the “lesser evil”. 

The sad part is that most people I talk to have not even heard of Gary Johnson or Jill Stein. Despite the fact that Trump and Clinton are the most unpopular candidates in recent history, the campaigns of Johnson and Stein do not get any traction in the corporate media. So exactly how has the corporate media provided the people with unbiased and neutral information? 

When was the last time the corporate media news presented you with a contrast and comparison of the candidates' positions on the issues? When was the last time the corporate media presented you with the voting records of all the candidates on specific issues? When was the last time the corporate media presented you with information on who contributed to the candidates? Corporations and big money do not want you knowing this information about their hired and paid for servants. What we have received from the corporate media is mud slinging, scandals, and basically a horse race mentality of who is ahead and who is behind in corporate run polls. A substantive discussion of the key issues affecting the nation and the planet has been missing. It is the corporate media that is limiting your information and choices, and yet most people still unquestioningly accept the “lesser evil” paradigm constantly repeated by these self-serving entities. 

In Summary 

When you look how the how the Supreme Court essentially legalized government corruption through its infamous Citizens United ruling, when you see how big money has flooded the electoral process, when you witness the forceful ejection of a candidate by corporate interests from a televised debate, when you see big money and corporations essentially bidding for government favors, it becomes apparent that we have a corporate state with a government that services its needs. 

The corporate media is used as a tool to make sure that the current power structure stays in place. Just look at the revelations by WikiLeaks, (an alternative media site) on how the corporate media was used to favor establishment candidates during the primary elections. Isn't it interesting that these WikiLeaks documents also did not get much corporate media attention? People are forced to go to alternative media to obtain this information. These leaks will most certainly be used by historians to write about this corrupt 2016 election. 

The fact that the corporate media excluded candidates on the ballot from the televised debates should not surprise anyone as it would have disrupted the illusion of having only two choices in the election. As we saw in the debates, the power resided not with the political candidates, but with the corporate interests. What would you expect from such a media when you have a Green Party that accepts no corporate donations. 

It is time to break out of the illusion that has been spun by the corporate interests. Take a good hard look at the platforms of Gary Johnson and Jill Stein. You may just find that they represent the values, ethics, and morals that you really believe in. Take a look at the platforms of other candidates further down on the ballot. Do not allow yourself to fall for the “lesser evil” paradigm that has been repeated over and over again. The Democrat/Republican parties are all part of the same Money Party. As long as we keep rewarding them with our votes, what incentive is there for them to change? 

In case anyone reading this still thinks their elected officials are representing them, what do you think would happen if you and a lobbyist were waiting to see your elected representative, who would be seen first? 

You can expect that the corporate media will keep repeating the refrain that you are throwing your vote away if you vote outside of the duopoly. But try to explain to yourself how you are not throwing your vote away by voting for someone you do not want? Look where generations of voting for the “lesser evil” has brought us. 

So I leave you with this parting thought: exactly just how is our electoral system different from that in the old Soviet Union? Both the USSR and the US preselect the candidates offered to the masses and suppress those outside of the power structure. 

There is an old saying: “as long as you keep doin' what you are doin', you will keep gettin' what you are gettin' ”. It is time to End The Illusion. Share This Article...",0
10415,Driving Tips: How You Can Help Limit Traffic Jams - The New York Times,"It’s summer, and more Americans are on the road. Crowded roads. So here are a few tips you may never have learned or have forgotten. Some advice should be obvious, like getting out of the left lane on expressways if you are blocking cars by driving well under the speed limit. (Some states are cracking down on drivers who don’t understand this.) And don’t slow down to look at an accident on the side of the highway. What would you hope to see? Just move along. This is less obvious: Don’t change lanes so much. And don’t put yourself in positions where you have to brake so much. Have you ever been in traffic that slowed to a crawl? You assume there must be a bad accident ahead  —   but sometimes when traffic finally gets moving again, there is no sign of trouble. What most likely happened is that drivers had to brake either to be safe or because they are bad drivers who sped and then braked and sped and then braked. This caused the driver behind to brake, and the person behind that driver to brake. Soon you have a peristaltic action for miles down the highway as drivers touch their brakes. Even a slight variation in speed can do it, as Japanese scientists discovered when they asked drivers on a   track to maintain their speed. Eventually there was a jam. Sometimes traffic slows because two lanes narrow to one. A bottleneck calls for a technique known as zippering. You may call it cutting in and cheating, but you have to get over that. The trick is, again, maintaining speed with less braking. Drivers should use both lanes until traffic slows, then you do what they taught you in kindergarten: Be nice. Take turns. Instead of bunching up to prevent the jerk in the other lane from cutting in, you leave space so he can glide in. Then a car from your lane proceeds. Then you let another driver cut in. And so on. As you approach the final merging point, leave even more space. The nice people in Minnesota made an extra effort to teach motorists there how to do it. So did Kansas, but with animation. I know, it sounds counterintuitive. But if everyone cooperates, it works, say traffic engineers. Now let’s quickly deal with a few issues on city streets. Like parking. Anyone who hated having to feed parking meters and carry a pile of coins is grateful that cities large and small have adopted parking apps like Parkmobile or Pango. You park you let the app that’s linked to your credit card know you are there and you go about your business. The downside? As cities removed meters, they eliminated marked parking spaces. Cars are no longer evenly spaced. On any block it is easy to find half a car length of wasted space behind a parked car, and a similar half a car length in front of it. Or even more. Granted, this can happen when a mammoth Ford F350 pulls out and a little Fiat 500 pulls in. But sometimes it’s because you don’t know how much space you need in front and in back of you. Here’s the tip: It’s not as much as you might think. Thanks to a formula worked out by a British mathematician, we know it is about two and a half feet in front and the same in back for a typical sedan. I won’t bother to tell you how to parallel park. Eventually, automatic parallel parking will be standard on all new cars. Finally, the pet peeve of a pedestrian, if you will indulge me. It’s a right turn on red  —   after a stop. (And in New York City and some other locations, of course, it’s illegal to turn at all on a red light.) When they have the crossing light, pedestrians have the right of way over a giant hunk of steel and glass. There is some evidence that few fatalities are caused by drivers who forget that second part, but still, be nice, even Minnesota nice.",0
10416,Actor Mark Ruffalo Joins Activists In ND To Protest Dakota Access Pipeline,"Mark Ruffalo is one the movie industry’s most outspoken advocates on environmental issues. In addition to confronting Monsanto’s CEO and declaring that the biotech company is poisoning people,... ",0
10417,Trump Finally Outspends Hillary On TV Spots,"WATCH: UK Reporter RIPS CNN, Calls Them “Clinton News Network” 
Trump has suggested that he could put even more of his fortune into his campaign during the closing stretch. 
“I will be over $100 million, and it could be much more than that,” he told ABC News, adding the the total was already around $61 million. 
Both campaigns have been focused on the key state of Florida , a state Trump needs to win. Other key states that both nominees have invested in included Pennsylvania, Ohio and North Carolina.   
Trump has pondered why he hasn’t gotten more credit for hanging tough while the polls show him consistently behind Clinton. That’s a good question, but the answer could be tied up in the fact that liberals have worked tirelessly to skew polls in favor of Clinton. 
Trump also appeared to have a healthy amount of self-confidence — so much so that he invests his own money in him campaign — something we haven’t seen from Clinton. Ever. 
Most voters have become painfully aware of how Democrats lie and cheat about almost everything , and having Clinton in the White House would mean that absolutely no one could trust our commander in chief. 
That’s a sobering thought that should make the choice of who to vote for crystal clear.  ",0
10418,"An Unbendable Golda Meir, Onstage and in Vinyl - The New York Times","According to Toys “R” Us, one of the hottest action figures this holiday season will be the Star Wars Interactech Imperial Stormtrooper, a   plastic fighter that makes punching sounds. But there’s another fighter action figure  —   minus the sound effects  —   that’s getting the spotlight this month, and its name is Golda Meir. On Dec. 11, when the actress Tovah Feldshuh reprises her Tony   role as Meir in two performances of the play “Golda’s Balcony”  —   part of a benefit for Temple   in New York  —   guests will take home a   of Meir that stands just under three inches tall. The figurine of the former Israeli prime minister features her signature somber dark skirt and jacket, with a matronly string of pearls around her neck, sensible flats on her feet and her gray hair in a bun. The piece is the work of Asaf Harari, a   “souvenir designer” based in Tel Aviv. It’s part of a series of cheeky   of Israeli leaders, including Menachem Begin and David   from Mr. Harari’s design studio, Piece of History. Gady Levy, the executive director of Temple   said he ordered about 2, 000 of the   from Mr. Harari’s company as part of his promotional plan for All About Golda, the temple’s new   series that features classes, an exhibition and even a sweepstakes, called Go Golda Go, in which contestants post to Instagram photos of their action figure for the chance of winning a trip to Israel. Mr. Harari, 31, recently talked about action figures. Following are edited excerpts from the conversation. I have to be honest. When I first heard there was such a thing as a Golda Meir action figure, I laughed.  Israeli and Jewish people are very cynical. We don’t like to admire people. We like to find the flaws and the negative stuff in each person. We don’t like to make people kings. The figurine keeps the character of Golda, but it’s also funny. What made you decide to depict her in these clothes? This is the way the Israeli people, when they say Golda Meir  —   it’s like this, with a pearl necklace and one long dress with dark shoes. It’s a basic caricature of pictures that you can find. What is she made of? Vinyl. It’s like plastic, but soft. It’s hand painted. It’s designed in Israel and molded in Israel, but it’s mass manufactured in China. Has anyone been offended? A few times, nasty comments and   comments about making these figurines. A lot of people don’t like the idea of Israel itself, and don’t like the idea that I’m making heroes of people who helped create Israel. From Jewish people I’ve gotten comments about her nose, because it’s too big. But I’m laughing at Jewish characteristics. How popular is the Golda Meir figure compared with your other pieces? She’s No. 1. Everybody loves her.",0
10420,"As Hong Kong Ponders Its Future Under Beijing, Politics Infuses Its Art - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   As fewer than 1, 200 electors were casting ballots on Sunday for Hong Kong’s next leader, Sampson Wong was tagging Facebook videos that showed city residents making breakfast, riding trains and playing with cats. The scenes were unremarkable, and that was the point: Mr. Wong and other members of the Add Oil Team, an artists’ collective, were broadcasting the videos of people engaged in activities that did not include voting as a critique of an unrepresentative political process. “No Election in Hong Kong Now,” the title of their Facebook Live stream said. The Add Oil Team plans to turn the videos into a   work that could be exhibited in a gallery. “Although it’s an angry protest gesture, it’s also kind of peaceful,” Mr. Wong said, flanked by laptops and coffee cups in a minimalist design studio. Nearly three years ago, this semiautonomous Chinese city of 7. 3 million was roiled by months of   protests, known as Occupy Central or the Umbrella Movement, that stoked an existential debate over its political future. The protests ended without achieving their goal of greater public participation in the election of Hong Kong’s leader, and several organizers now face criminal charges. In July, Hong Kong will inaugurate its new leader, Carrie Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, as the former British colony commemorates the 20th anniversary of its handover to Chinese rule. All of that leaves local artists struggling to find meaning in the city’s upheavals, art professionals said in interviews. And while some of their recent works are more overtly political than others, many are infused with a sense of helplessness toward what is widely seen here as the city’s increasing subjugation to Beijing’s authoritarianism. “The expression of frustration, or the acceptance of failure, could be the key words of the artwork which reacts to the Umbrella Movement,” said Chow Chun Fai, who paints scenes from films in which characters comment on Hong Kong’s relationship with the mainland. “Three years ago, we had to be very quick and loud” during the street protests, he added. But recent artwork is “more sentimental, and we have the distance to tell the story and to listen to the story. ” Artists and curators in Hong Kong say that some of the themes coursing through local art have been present for decades. But the 2014 protests, they say, were an important catalyst for many artists, particularly those who came of age in this century. “Somehow the Umbrella Movement unfolded a lot of layers of the political and social problems” that Hong Kong faces, said Clara Cheung, a   of CG Artpartment, an art space in the Kowloon district. Recent artworks that address Hong Kong politics vary widely in message and delivery. Some are intended for public spaces, rather than commercial galleries, and feature loaded commentaries on the “one country, two systems” framework that guarantees the city its civil liberties and a high degree of autonomy until 2047. A prominent example is the   light show Mr. Wong and Jason Lam mounted last year that counted down the seconds until “one country, two systems” was due to expire. The display was exhibited across the face of Hong Kong’s tallest skyscraper to coincide with a visit by Zhang Dejiang, a member of China’s governing Politburo Standing Committee  —   but pulled after the artists explained its subversive message. In a similar vein, “Controlling Device,” by Kacey Wong, shows a pair of nooses, one bronzed, and one coated in red wax. Mr. Wong has said the piece is a commentary on recent crackdowns on free expression in Hong Kong, including the apparent abductions of several prominent booksellers to the mainland in 2015. “We’re fighting a war that we cannot win, so how to fight it?” Mr. Wong asked on a recent afternoon in his studio. “You fight it with grace. ” Other artworks comment on Hong Kong’s relationship with Beijing in more roundabout ways. Ocean Leung, for example, incorporates police and   political banners into   works that intentionally distort the banners’ original messages. The works are not overtly   and Mr. Leung said that his art illustrated how difficult it was to take clear positions on political questions. “It’s an embrace of failure,” he said. Similarly oblique commentaries run through “Breathing Space: Contemporary Art From Hong Kong,” an   show on view through July 9 at the Hong Kong Center of the Asia Society, which in November canceled a planned screening of a documentary about the Umbrella Movement, citing political concerns. One piece, “Defense and Resistance,” by South Ho, shows photos of the artist walling and then unwalling himself in with bricks marked with “Made in Xianggang,” the word for Hong Kong in Mandarin, the mainland’s dominant tongue. The bricks are also stacked up in the center of the gallery, with a chunk missing, and it is unclear whether the wall is structurally sound  —   a possible metaphor for Beijing’s power over the city. An especially haunting work, “If the Moment Came,” is a   black box with a top made of wired glass and a murky interior that shows a looping video of a hand playing with a kendama, a Japanese toy featuring a wooden handle and a small ball. The artist, Chloë Cheuk, said that she created the installation after making an audio recording of boys playing with kendamas at one of the 2014 protest sites. She added the wired glass, she said, as a reference to protesters who smashed a window at the Legislative Council complex around the same time. Ms. Cheuk, 27, said that the ball’s inevitable failure to break through the glass was intended to evoke the feeling of helplessness that she said was now familiar to many young Hong Kongers. But that feeling transcends politics, she said, and her artistic practice is primarily guided by her emotions. “When people see my work, they can respond because they can really feel it,” she said on a recent evening in Yau Tong, an industrial area in eastern Kowloon. “They feel that they’ve been understood. ”",0
10421,Make News Honest Again! Der Postillon launches The Postillon (the-postillon.com),"Mittwoch, 9. November 2016 Make News Honest Again! Der Postillon launches The Postillon (the-postillon.com) Fürth, London, New York (dpo) - Der 9. November 2016 ist ein Tag, der in die Geschichte eingehen wird. Nein! Nicht weil der olle Trump die Präsidentschaftswahl gewonnen hat, sondern weil heute offiziell die internationale Ausgabe des Postillon , Deutschlands größter Tages- und Nachtzeitung, startet: The Postillon Auf The Postillon werden ab sofort regelmäßig die besten Artikel, Reportagen und Enthüllungsstorys der Postillon -Redaktion auf Englisch erscheinen. Make News Honest Again! Fan auf Facebook werden: The Postillon The Postillon auf Twitter folgen: The Postillon Artikel teilen:",0
10422,Early French Presidential Polls Show Macron in Double Digit Lead,"Polls released since the first round of the French presidential election show   Emmanuel Macron leading   migration candidate Marine Le Pen by double digits. [The poll, conducted by Elabe, was published Monday and shows Macron with a commanding lead in the second round vote with 64 per cent of the vote while Le Pen has 36 per cent. The En Marche leader beats Le Pen in most age demographics according to the poll, but some are sceptical that the race is already over as one out of five French voters have yet to express a choice, L’Express reports.  One demographic that Le Pen is winning over is the working class. According to the poll, a majority of French workers, or 54 per cent, support the   migration candidate. Macron, who is often seen as the candidate of globalism and France’s elite class, predictably scores 81 per cent of the vote from executives and those in academia. The strong showing for Macron comes from the left wing vote 93 per cent of those who backed Socialist party candidate Benoit Hamon and 77 per cent of those who voted for     Mélenchon have thrown their support behind Macron. On the right of the political spectrum, 63 per cent of supporters of Republican François Fillon said they would vote for Macron and 37 said they would vote for Le Pen. Of all those asked about their voting intentions, close to   or 17 per cent, had not decided who they would vote for. Many of these undecided voters are supporters of Fillon and Mélenchon. Le Pen’s platform, which combines some of the    and    policies of Fillon and some of the protectionist policies of Mélenchon, could appeal to voters  —   though it remains to be seen to what extent. Many experts are cautious about celebrating a Macron victory two weeks ahead of the election. U. S. broadcaster CNN has cast doubt on the accuracy of the polling, though many first round polls were mostly accurate. In her victory speech on Sunday evening, Le Pen framed the second round race as a debate on globalism and said the survival of France is at stake. Shocking many in France and abroad earlier this week, she temporarily stepped down as leader of the Front National to, in her words, “feel more free, and above partisan considerations. ” Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com ",0
10423,The Double Standards of American Politics (What Do I Tell My Daughter?) · Guardian Liberty Voice,"What just happened in America is beyond anything I could have ever imagined. The soul of this country was torn apart at the very moment when we had a chance to rise above the hateful rhetoric we have been forced to listen to for months and to unite with a compassion for those who are different, a love for our country beyond measure and an acceptance of opinion and ideals that make this country great….Not Great Again … GREAT!
Instead, we watched a wild witch-hunt supported by a predominantly white male force incessantly run after our first female candidate as if she was the most horrendous human being alive. The emails, the emails, and the emails….must I say more.
We have allowed a man to escape the same trials beset on a woman and skate free through a remarkable path of no consequence for things that otherwise make us gasp in disbelief. Corruption? Has anyone, including the media, dared to bring out the stories of Donald Trump’s association with a convicted sexual predator who he has called “a decent man?” Has anyone, especially the media, given any of the women who accused Donald Trump of mishandling them more than a story or two, or a conversation sparking protests and demands for the truth within their own circles? Does anyone who voted for Donald Trump even understand how many lies he told during the campaign and how many facts he got wrong, all proven in written form by fact-checkers, historians, and other leaders? Does anyone who voted for Donald Trump really think he will be honest with anyone when he takes the Oval Office?
What do I tell my teenage daughter when she asks why a man who has obviously done so much wrong in his life doesn’t get held to the same standard as a woman? In this case, one who devoted her life to public service and the betterment of the lives of children and women? What do I tell my teenage daughter when she asks me “how an election can be won by a man who has proven to be unfit? Donald Trump fed into the weaknesses of this group just like the schoolyard bully. He surrounded himself with people who feed negative and unfair propaganda to the masses each and every day. He has been fed by a silver spoon all his life and has never known what it feels like to mine for coal, live in rural America on a fixed income or work all day every day for minimum wage barely making ends meet. I do. How can anyone expect him to understand? What do I tell my daughter?
This president-elect has admittedly, and in his own words, grabbed women by their “pussy” and let’s not forget had extra-marital affairs. A man who has bankrupted companies more than I like to count at the risk it puts such great fear in my heart for our country that I can’t even keep my head up. A man who openly made fun of a disabled person on national television with the world watching. A man who couldn’t even bring his ego in long enough to pay respect to a four-star father who lost his son fighting for our country. A man who has no military experience whatsoever and had the fortune of money behind him when he escaped serving our country because of a spur in his foot, a spur he cannot even remember correctly. A man who has made clear he has no tolerance for immigrants, minorities, gay people and the like. Is this really what my America looks like? What do I tell my daughter?
I am old enough to remember several elections and while my candidate of choice didn’t always win, I don’t remember our country protesting with such fervor at the prospect of an individual not fit to run our country ever before. How can this be? Why didn’t the majority of people who voted for this man understand this? How can a narcissistic egomaniacal liar make it to the oval office? How can bad behavior continue to be awarded in a country that was to represent “strength, power, and honesty?” What do I tell my daughter?
He fed into the uneducated and the displaced, allowing them to believe he will save them. That’s what bullies do. They find the most disenfranchised weak individual on the playground and pick on them. Does anyone not see this and how this played out for someone who has the world in dismay and our allies bewildered? Does anyone not notice that headlines across the globe are using such words as “W.T.F” and “Are you Kidding Me?. While those headlines circulate, can we not sit here and really ask ourselves if that is OK; if it is OK for a man to allow our country to now be a joke, a misfit, a low-lying power that doesn’t take all the risks involved with letting this man through the front door seriously. What do I tell my daughter? 
I worked for someone who bears the exact same traits and behavior of Donald Trump. They don’t change my friends, but they keep on winning despite their arrogance, lies, and ugly behavioral traits. I worked for a narcissistic man who treats women horribly, depletes the human spirit as a game of fun and thrives on the power he exerts to make the “little person” feel even smaller. The day I was able to leave that horrendous work situation was the best day of my professional life. It is because of that and why I anxiously wait for four years to fly by faster than anything imaginable. I am ashamed our country has gotten to the point where decency didn’t outweigh ignorance.
When I woke this morning I was hopeful to feel a bit of anxiety leaving my body, a sense of “we shall overcome” and a certain bit of optimism that would take me through the next four years. It didn’t happen. The tears keep flowing and the idea of uncertainty and embarrassment override any sense of understanding I can possibly relate to what just happened in this country…my country.
We have an Electoral College system that I believe is flawed and antiquated. We have a process that doesn’t allow for certain standards of conduct to be upheld for the highest office in the world. We have people who still believe that black Americans and women have only defined places in their lives. Yet none of that thought process, none of that diabolical way of life compares to the remarkable and unprecedented statement on humanity in which the election of Donald J. Trump leads to. And that is the purpose of why I write today.
As of this morning, Hillary Clinton continues to win the popular vote. I now know how Al Gore felt. Our Electoral College process which Donald Trump, in his own words and in his own tweet said “our electoral college process is a disaster, it is not democracy” proves once again to not honor the real power of our people. I am hopeful that enough Americans join into the petition for this process to be reviewed, refined and changed so the people do speak in our next election and that the process is changed. I know that I will do what I can to encourage and persuade those I come in contact with or know to support this change. “We the People” is exactly what we should be thinking!
I will close with recognizing that people wanted change. They wanted change in Washington and they wanted change in policy and for this, I can agree. There were so many better choices for change throughout the entire election process. There were so many candidates who could have brought about change while keeping our country’s reputation alive with our allies, protected our country from the threat of all kinds of evil, changed our education, health system, and environment for the good and protected our children. But yet the hate-filled people who couldn’t get past their own simple way of thinking that someone who has billions will also make them billions have a very rude awakening coming their way. It is hard to try to determine how change will be brought on by someone contemplating putting the same “old white men” in his cabinet and some who have questionable pasts…Giuliani, Gingrich, Christie. Is that an example of the change this country was looking for?
When the DOW drops 700 points in one night everyone needs to pay attention. When social media trends with #notmypresident in a democratic society, everyone needs to pay attention. When women are asking “why have we not come any further?” everyone needs to pay attention. When immigrants who are the very fabric of our nation, and black Americans who gave more than they should have ever had to so we could build this country, ask am I safe, everyone needs to pay attention and when gays and transgender people ask if they can walk the streets and be free anymore, everyone needs to pay attention. I simply ask “What will I tell my daughter?” And what will my daughter tell her daughter?
Open your eyes and ears America. Be a voice stronger than you ever expected. Please bring about change and force yourself to not tire in this fight and trying to make a difference, blocking hatred in any way or form possible. Be proud of who you are and for who will become. Take a stand and be a force for those who need to be held up. Don’t let this get away from you over time, don’t become complacent and don’t ever stop making sure your path to greatness is an important opportunity for all of us! This is what you can tell your daughter.
Open Letter by Caroline Galloway
(Edited by Cherese Jackson) 
Caroline Galloway is a PR specialist with 23 years experience in Entertainment and Consumer Brand Marketing & PR. She is based in Cleveland, Ohio and is a working mother of two, who has published numerous announcements and articles on a variety of topics. 
Source:
Mouth to Mouth PR & Partnerships: Caroline Galloway
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of MattJP – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Mike Licht – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of madanelu – Flickr License    Donald Trump , open letter , politics",0
10424,Rex Tillerson and Xi Jinping Meet in China and Emphasize Cooperation - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and President Xi Jinping of China cast aside their differences on Sunday with a public display of cooperation, sidestepping areas of disagreement even as North Korea made another defiant statement by showing off a new missile engine. In the      meeting between the United States and China since President Trump took office, the two sides made no mention of other contentious issues, including possible punitive trade measures against China and Washington’s unhappiness with Beijing’s assertiveness in the South China Sea. Greeting the new secretary of state in an ornate room in the Great Hall of the People, Mr. Xi thanked Mr. Tillerson for a smooth transition to the Trump administration and expressed his appreciation for the sentiment that “the  . S. relationship can only be defined by cooperation and friendship. ” At least in public, Mr. Tillerson adopted a far different tone than that of his boss, who said in a Twitter post on Friday that China had “done little to help” on North Korea. Instead, Mr. Tillerson said the United States looked forward to stronger ties with China. China has been North Korea’s biggest backer, but relations between the two countries have been strained as the North continues to pursue the development of nuclear weapons. Hours before the meeting between Mr. Tillerson and Mr. Xi, North Korea stuck its nose under the tent, announcing that it had tested a new   missile engine that analysts said could be used in an intercontinental missile. The test, apparently timed for Mr. Tillerson’s visit to Beijing, was another sign that North Korea was expanding its missile capabilities, with the state news media reporting that the country’s leader, Kim   had presided over an event of “historic significance. ” By testing the engine on Saturday, Mr. Kim appeared to be giving China an additional headache by goading Mr. Tillerson, who said in South Korea on Friday that if the North elevated its threat, a   strike by the United States would be on the table. The missile engine created the “perfect test” of the red line drawn by Mr. Tillerson in Seoul, said Evans J. R. Revere, a former principal deputy assistant secretary of state specializing in North Korea. Mr. Kim said in January that North Korea was in the final stages of preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM: a weapon that could reach the United States. “Based on what just happened at the test site, he doesn’t seem to have been kidding,” Mr. Revere said. During his   stay in Beijing, Mr. Tillerson, who also visited Japan during his first trip to Asia as secretary of state, took the unusual step of repeating rosy Chinese language on the state of relations between the United States and China. The relationship is guided by “nonconflict, nonconfrontation, mutual respect and   cooperation,” Mr. Tillerson said at a news conference with Foreign Minister Wang Yi. The Chinese state news media quoted Mr. Tillerson’s echo of the Chinese phrasing, noting it approvingly. But behind the scenes, diplomats and analysts said there was little doubt that Mr. Tillerson had pressed China to enforce sanctions against North Korea and raised the possibility that the United States would bolster its missile defense in Asia if China did not rein in Mr. Kim. China strongly objects to the installation of a missile defense system in South Korea, and the polite public words from Mr. Tillerson were designed to give China “face,” said a diplomat in Beijing who spoke on the condition of anonymity per diplomatic custom. Mr. Tillerson was almost certainly sterner in private, according to the diplomat. “I believe Tillerson repeated in the meetings what he said publicly in South Korea and Japan, and backed up Trump in his tweet,” he said. That meant some public warmth was necessary, the diplomat said, because aside from talking about North Korea, Mr. Tillerson also had the task of setting a broad agenda for a summit meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi that is expected to take place in Florida in early April. At the summit meeting, China is expected to seek a reaffirmation of the “One China” policy, under which the United States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and does not maintain diplomatic ties with Taiwan. Mr. Trump committed to that policy in a telephone conversation with Mr. Xi in early February, but Chinese leaders, on edge about the president’s unpredictability, are eager to further secure it. Mr. Trump’s trade team is expected to be in place by the time Mr. Xi reaches Florida, and the Chinese will be looking to deter plans for tariffs and more stringent scrutiny of Chinese investment in the United States. Chinese analysts said Mr. Tillerson had probably encountered resistance to his arguments that the missile defense system  —   known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or Thaad  —   was of little danger to China, which firmly believes that the system erodes its nuclear deterrent. “Tillerson will repeat many times this is no threat to China, but Xi won’t believe it,” said Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University. The best chance for cooperation on North Korea might come if China decides to more dutifully enforce some economic sanctions, Mr. Shi said. That would be a relatively small price to pay the Americans for a smooth summit meeting in Florida, although it would further hurt China’s already strained ties with North Korea, he said. “Maybe Xi will broaden the punishment against North Korea somewhat, at the cost of further damaging relations with North Korea,” Mr. Shi said. “We have punished North Korea many times, and Kim   hates China more and more. Maybe China will take some small steps to shut down a few trading companies, but not all. ” China keeps the rudimentary North Korean economy running by supplying almost all its oil, and there is little chance Mr. Xi would consider shutting down the pipeline, even though China abruptly halted imports of North Korea’s coal last month, ending a valuable source of foreign currency for Pyongyang. “China won’t turn the sanctions from targeting the North Korean nuclear program into a punishment for ordinary North Korean people,” The Global Times, a   newspaper that often reflects official thinking, said Friday. But on the eve of Mr. Tillerson’s visit to Beijing, a Washington research organization specializing in nuclear matters released a study that it said showed that China was not enforcing the sanctions aimed at the nuclear program. China has allowed large quantities of materials used to make a component of hydrogen bombs to pass through its borders to the North, according to the research group, the Institute for Science and International Security. A newly operating plant in North Korea that produces a key ingredient for hydrogen bombs is a glaring example of China’s ignoring sanctions, the group said. The study found that a plant producing lithium 6  —   used to manufacture hydrogen bombs that are more powerful than conventional nuclear weapons  —   was located at a chemical complex on North Korea’s east coast. The North purchased mercury and lithium hydroxide in China, and the items were transported across the border, the president of the institute, David Albright, said. The two commodities are needed for the production of lithium 6, he said.",0
10425,Fight for Viacom Is Said to End With the Redstones in Control - The New York Times,"The fight over Sumner M. Redstone’s $40 billion media empire is over, and the    mogul has won. A truce has been reached in the vicious corporate battle that pitted Mr. Redstone, who controls Viacom and CBS, and his daughter, Shari Redstone, against his longtime confidants and directors at Viacom, according to two people briefed on the agreement. The two sides have completed a settlement agreement that puts an end to messy legal battles in Massachusetts, Delaware and California over whether Mr. Redstone had the mental capacity to make decisions about his businesses and whether he was being manipulated by Ms. Redstone, who was long estranged from her father before they recently reconciled. Terms of the settlement  —   which firmly put the future of the corporate empire under the control of Mr. Redstone and his daughter  —   include the dismissal of Philippe P. Dauman as chief executive of Viacom, the beleaguered media company that owns the MTV, Comedy Central and Nickelodeon cable television networks and the Paramount Pictures film and television studio. Mr. Dauman will depart with a total severance package valued at about $72 million. Viacom’s board met on Thursday and approved the settlement, said the people briefed on the agreement, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because it had not been made public. Mr. Redstone, who is in poor health, controls about 80 percent of the voting shares in Viacom and CBS through National Amusements, the private theater chain company started by his father. The fight over Mr. Redstone’s empire erupted in May, when he unexpectedly ousted Mr. Dauman and another longtime confidant, George S. Abrams, from the National Amusements trust that will gain control of his companies after he dies or is declared incompetent. He also removed them from the board of National Amusements. The action set off a fight for money, power and control that included all the twists and turns of a Shakespearean tragedy, sullying the reputations of both sides and leaving an already troubled company even more battered and bruised. Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams filed suit in Massachusetts, challenging Mr. Redstone’s mental competency and depicting Ms. Redstone as a villain who unduly influenced her father as part of an “unlawful corporate takeover. ” Mr. Dauman, in turn, was depicted as a failing, egoistic executive who oversaw the loss of $7 billion in market capitalization at Viacom in the previous year. That suit was scheduled to go to trial in September. Another legal battle emerged in June, when National Amusements moved to replace Mr. Dauman and four other directors on the Viacom board. Viacom’s lead independent director immediately filed suit in Delaware, seeking to block the changes. That case was scheduled to go to trial in October. Over the last three months, the two sides made a series of attempts to resolve the dispute out of court. Settlement talks picked up in the last 10 days, after Viacom’s latest earnings report, in which the company said its profits plunged 29 percent during the latest fiscal quarter. The company reported weakness across both its television and film groups, with soft TV ratings at some networks, declines in domestic advertising sales and the dismal   performance of its film “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows. ” Reaching a settlement helps to preserve the privacy and the dignity of Mr. Redstone, who has suffered a series of strokes and has a severe speech impediment. And it prevents the public airing of the relationship between Mr. Redstone and his daughter, which was been strained in the past. The resolution also provides a path for Mr. Dauman to leave the company less contentiously and while still being well compensated. And, most importantly, Mr. Redstone and Ms. Redstone now are decidedly in charge of the company’s future. As part of the agreement, Thomas E. Dooley, Viacom’s chief operating officer, will become the interim chief executive through Sept. 30, the end of the company’s fiscal year. Mr. Dooley is expected to work closely with the Viacom board during the next month and a half to develop a new strategic and financial plan for the company, the people said, and could potentially become the permanent chief executive, pending board approval. Mr. Dooley, a longtime Viacom executive, has been a member of Viacom’s board since 2006. He started at Viacom in 1980 and has been part of Mr. Redstone’s inner circle since the mogul wrested control of the company in 1987. The agreement also calls for Viacom’s board to expand to include five new directors that National Amusements put forward in June. They include Nicole Seligman, a former Sony executive and lawyer who represented President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial and Kenneth Lerer, a venture capitalist, a   of The Huffington Post and chairman of BuzzFeed. While the fight for control over Mr. Redstone’s business empire has reached a resolution, Viacom’s business is in dire straits. The company has reported persistent declines in profit and revenue, and its share price has plunged about 47 percent in the last two years. As part of the agreement, Mr. Dauman will continue as nonexecutive chairman of Viacom until Sept. 13, the people said. During that period, Mr. Dauman will have the opportunity to present Viacom’s board with his proposal to sell a 49 percent stake in Paramount. The deal would require the unanimous approval of the Viacom board. While Mr. Dauman has pushed for the deal, Mr. Redstone’s National Amusements holding company has opposed the transaction and the board is unlikely to approve it. Mr. Dauman, who formed a close bond with Mr. Redstone in the late 1980s when he was a young corporate lawyer, was named chief executive of Viacom in 2006. Described as reserved and calculating, Mr. Dauman didn’t let his guard down publicly amid the dispute in recent months as Mr. Redstone turned against him and opponents attacked his character, motives and performance as chief executive. “I’m steady in all things,” Mr. Dauman, 62, said in June, just before stepping onto an elevator after making a business presentation at an investor conference. The quip was in response to a question from a reporter about whether he had lost weight in the midst of the drama. During his tenure, a number of longtime executives and creative talent left the company. Comedy Central, for instance, said goodbye to three of its biggest stars: Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert and John Oliver. Critics, meanwhile, attacked the company for failing to transform the business from its traditional roots into a media company for the digital age. Mr. Dauman long maintained that he was positioning Viacom for growth through new initiatives, including the Paramount deal, TV ratings improvements, a new data unit and its international business. Despite Viacom’s business struggles, Mr. Dauman was handsomely compensated during his tenure. Mr. Dauman was awarded $54. 1 million last year, making him the third highest paid chief executive in the country. Since being named chief executive of Viacom in 2006, Mr. Dauman’s total reported compensation was $409. 7 million, according to Equilar, a compensation research firm. Thomas J. May, one of the people that National Amusements has put forward as a new director, is expected to be named chairman. Mr. May is the chairman of Eversource Energy, one of New England’s largest energy delivery companies, and also is on the board of Bank of America and the Liberty Mutual Holding Company. While the corporate dispute may well be resolved, one family feud continues. Keryn Redstone, Mr. Redstone’s    granddaughter, filed court documents in Massachusetts this month to join the lawsuit over his mental capacity. Keryn Redstone has asserted that she has been disinherited of $6 million and potentially $1 billion more. (The beneficiaries of the National Amusements trust, now valued at more than $5 billion, include Keryn Redstone and Mr. Redstone’s four other grandchildren.) Keryn Redstone earlier insisted that she would not settle without the inclusion of a deal for Manuela Herzer, a former companion and onetime romantic partner of Mr. Redstone. Last year, Mr. Redstone revoked plans to leave Ms. Herzer $50 million and his $20 million Los Angeles mansion. Keryn Redstone has not participated in the settlement negotiations and has no information about the terms, according to her lawyer, Pierce O’Donnell. That trial is scheduled to start on Sept. 19.",0
10426,"Trump Calls Black Man At Rally A ‘Thug,’ Kicks Him Out – Except There’s One BIG Problem (VIDEO)","By Joe Clark Videos October 28, 2016 Trump Calls Black Man At Rally A ‘Thug,’ Kicks Him Out – Except There’s One BIG Problem (VIDEO)   
On Wednesday night during a rally in Kinston, North Carolina, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump once again focused on his fabled “minority outreach” initiative by kicking another black man out from his “inclusive” rally. 
Trump accused the man of being a protester, however, like most of his supporters, Trump’s perception of a person of color was way off base. 
During the exchange, Trump points to an older black man in a red shirt who made his way about 30 feet from the stage while yelling out “Donald!” to get the nominee’s attention. Trump immediately pounces on the opportunity to show how tough he is to his rabid supporters. 
“We have a protester!” he said . Trump then said this to Cary: “By the way, were you paid $1,500 to be a thug?” 
As the man was escorted out by Trump’s security team, the crowd erupted into chants of “Trump! Trump! Trump,” as the candidate bellowed “You can get him out. Get him out.” 
C.J. Cary is a 63-year old former Marine who has been a Trump supporter ever since the billionaire replied to a 1992 letter Cary sent during Trump’s first divorce. 
Cary made his way to the rally on Wednesday to see his hero and deliver a personal message via note to the GOP candidate. The note contained a bit of advice for the nominee, basically telling him to stop saying offensive things about women, minorities, and people with disabilities on the campaign trail, otherwise “lying Hillary” will beat him in November. 
However, the former Marine never had an opportunity to make it more than 30 feet from his favorite candidate before being stopped and unceremoniously thrown out of the venue by the candidate himself. 
Cary said he tried to explain his intentions to the security personnel. 
“I said, ‘I was trying to get this doc to Mr. Donald … will you get this to Donald?’ ” Cary told the paper. “He said, ‘Well dude, we’d be happy to give it to him.’ ” Trump calls black supporter a ""thug,"" has him kicked out of a rally in North Carolina. https://t.co/b4gkI6qx9v pic.twitter.com/eJKuu0CLRi 
— Jason Sparks (@sparksjls) October 28, 2016 
But it seems that this incident hasn’t deterred Cary’s support for “Mr. Donald” who he described as “an honest person.” 
“I support Trump because he’s honest,” Cary said . “You can work with an honest person and convince them their vision isn’t in the best interest of everyone. You can’t work with dishonest people. That’s why I don’t like Obama—the worst president in American history.” 
Some people never learn. 
Featured image via YouTube and Twitter Share this Article!",0
10427,Rail Crossing Warnings Are Sought for Mapping Apps - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Following directions from Google Maps on a smartphone last year, Jose Alejandro   turned a Ford truck, hauling a trailer, where he thought the app was telling him to go. But he ended up stuck on the railroad tracks at a poorly marked California crossing. Soon after Mr.   abandoned the truck, a commuter train barreled into it, killing the engineer and injuring 32 others. On Monday, after investigating the crash for almost two years, the National Transportation Safety Board issued a safety recommendation asking technology and delivery companies to add the exact locations of more than 200, 000 grade crossings into digital maps and to provide alerts when drivers encounter them. The crash involving Mr.  ’s truck  —   on Feb. 24, 2015, in Oxnard, Calif.  —   was one of the more than 200 fatalities that took place at a grade crossing, where road and railway lines are at the same level, in the United States last year. What made this crash stand out was the possible role of digital mapping technology in taking a driver down a wrong path. This was the first time the safety board has targeted navigation apps as a factor in a major accident. These days, drivers count on mapping apps for more than getting from one place to another. The apps serve as   bulletin boards, alerting drivers in real time about their surroundings. Navigation apps such as Waze provide warnings for traffic jams,   vehicles, roadway debris or even lurking police officers. The accuracy of mapping data is becoming more important as driverless cars start taking to the road. It will be up to navigation apps to guide cars onto the safest routes and to warn passengers  —   who may not be paying attention  —   about potential hazards. “The safer car in the future isn’t going to have a better bumper it’s going to have better navigation,” said Eric Gundersen, chief executive of Mapbox, a digital map provider. The Federal Railroad Administration has lobbied technology companies for 18 months to add alerts for grade crossings. The rail agency said it had contacted 11 technology companies, including Apple and Microsoft, to integrate its location data of grade crossings. In this year’s lineup of GPS devices, Garmin included safety warnings for potential hazards like sharp turns and railroad crossings, the company said, although it does not use the federal rail location data. Several months after the Oxnard crash, the railroad agency said Google had agreed to add audio and visual warnings to Google Maps, the world’s most popular mapping app, based on   location data. But Google has not yet included that feature, even though it has updated the app more than two dozen times for the iPhone since then. The National Transportation Safety Board said Apple and three other companies had also agreed to add crossing data, but the board was uncertain when the companies would do so. A spokeswoman from Google said the company was aware of the safety board’s recommendation and was looking at ways to add safety features. Apple said it was working to add the rail data to its maps but would not elaborate on implementation specifics. Microsoft and MapQuest said they were also reviewing the data used in their maps. In a speech on Sept. 15, Sarah E. Feinberg, administrator of the railroad agency, said many of the recent deaths at rail crossings were not from drivers trying to “beat the train” but were “situations where the driver lost situational awareness, or there weren’t sufficient protections in place to protect the vehicle or provide adequate warning to the driver. ” She chided technology companies for procrastinating on integrating data into mapping applications that “will save many lives. ” On Monday, Ms. Feinberg praised the safety board’s recommendation, saying she hoped it “will raise this to the top of technology companies’ priority lists. ” The N. T. S. B.’s recommendations are not binding, but the board can use them to pressure technology companies to take action. It can also try to persuade Congress to offer funds to provide incentives to the companies, said James E. Hall, a former chairman of the safety board. The board has issued   safety recommendations in the past, urging utility companies to update their maps with accurate locations of abandoned gas lines. Digital maps started replacing paper maps about a decade ago, when   GPS devices from companies like Garmin and TomTom became more affordable and car companies started offering   navigation systems. But the breakthrough came when Google and Apple added    directions into mapping apps on smartphones, putting the technology into millions of devices already in people’s pockets. Globally, an estimated one billion people use a mapping app or service every week, according to the technology research firm Berg Insight. In the Oxnard crash, the driver was using Google Maps in Spanish on a smartphone borrowed from his wife. Investigators believe the map was one of a number of factors, including driver fatigue. Mr.   was on a   drive from his home in Yuma, Ariz. What was supposed to be a   trip had stretched to 21 hours because his truck broke down along the way and he was involved in a minor crash. He came upon the rail crossing before sunrise, having not slept substantively in more than 24 hours, the safety board’s report said. “The N. T. S. B. concludes that had the driver’s navigation application included information on the upcoming grade crossing, he would have been less likely to misinterpret the visual cues and mistakenly turn onto the railroad tracks,” the safety board wrote in its report. At the time, the crossing had no grade separation, and there were no cones or markers warning drivers from turning onto the rails. Since 2008, there have been five accidents at that crossing, including one in 2010 when a confused driver turned onto the tracks and was struck by a train. The driver was injured, but there were no fatalities. “It’s easy to understand how in the dark, a   driver unfamiliar with the area can turn at the wrong place if a navigation app says, ‘Turn here,’” said James McGillis, who lives near Oxnard, in Simi Valley, and has written extensively on his website about the crash. The police found Mr.   a mile from his truck. He had abandoned it on the tracks with the headlights and hazard lights on and the driver’s door open. Ron Bamieh, Mr.  ’s lawyer, said his client was trying to get help. Mr.   was charged in February of this year with vehicular manslaughter and is awaiting arraignment. At some grade crossings, there are no gates or blinking lights to warn drivers of an oncoming train  —   just a crossing sign or a crossbuck, a white “X” marked with the words “railroad crossing. ” Thomas F. Prendergast, chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority in New York, said grade crossings could be especially dangerous because drivers often do not take the proper precautions, especially with all the other distractions in the car. “Sometimes we want to distract while they are distracted,” Mr. Prendergast said, praising the safety board’s move. “That level of technology can be a game changer. ” The need for a recommendation speaks to the dependence some drivers feel toward navigation apps, choosing to follow directions from the app even in the face of contradictory information. In February, after a rockslide closed Interstate 70 in Colorado, directions from Google Maps sent drivers over a mountain pass near Aspen as an alternative. But that road was closed for the winter. A spokeswoman for the Colorado Department of Transportation, Amy Ford, said many drivers ignored road signs informing them that the road was closed and followed the apps instead. The most determined drivers became stranded and needed assistance from law enforcement. “It’s become integral for many drivers,” said Jake Nelson, AAA’s director of traffic safety advocacy and research. “The risk is when we become   on these technologies. ”",0
10428,Fear of ‘Catastrophe Unfolding’ Amid Fighting in Falluja - The New York Times,"NEAR FALLUJA, Iraq  —   Along the battle line north of Falluja, small units of Shiite fighters are raining mortar shells and rockets down on the city and its Islamic State occupiers. Militia graffiti is scrawled in red paint along a network of low walls cratered by bullets and bombs, and a wailing ambulance siren signals another load of wounded bound for treatment away from the front. The battle for Falluja has become entrenched outside the city itself. Iraqi forces surrounding the area have been bogged down by a fierce Islamic State counterattack. A few civilians managed to escape the city as the fighting closed in, but the status of tens of thousands still trapped there is an urgent question. Some parts of the extended battlefield are lush with date palm trees and almost bucolic, familiar to anyone who watched television images of American Marines fighting over the same territory more than a decade ago. But mostly, the land is brown and parched, scarred by the fighting. A charred tank, split in two, sits at an intersection, and smoke is always rising in the distance, from an airstrike, a mortar or a car bomb. The landscape has also been gutted by an elaborate network of tunnels  —   some of which have been hit in recent days by American airstrikes  —   that the Islamic State was able to construct while it held the area for more than two years. To get close to the front, a New York Times reporting team met officials from the Badr Organization, a longstanding Shiite militia backed by Iran, at a street corner in Baghdad outside a shawarma shop on Sunday morning. Our cars joined theirs in a small convoy, and, whipping past the   checkpoints, we made it to a base east of Falluja in about an hour. Within the base, Iraq’s fragmented security forces occupied different areas:   militias in one place the elite Iraqi Army counterterrorism forces, which work closely with the United States, in another and Sunni policemen from Falluja, who are scheduled to hold the city once it is taken from the Islamic State, in yet another space, some of the men lounging in tank tops or fixing their vehicles. Near the front, Hadi   the Badr Organization’s leader, spoke of the forces’ progress in Falluja’s outlying areas. “I am amazed at the advancements so far,” he said. “We expected it to be a long vicious battle. ” Still, the real fight  —   taking the city street by street  —   has not yet begun, and Mr. Ameri said the battle might be slowed to allow civilians to leave. “We have a big concern for the lives of civilians inside Falluja,” said Mr. Ameri, mindful of the sectarian tensions that have been heightened with the battle, as a mostly Shiite force converges on a Sunni city. “There may be a delay to allow civilians to leave. ” That would parallel what happened during the first battle for Falluja, in April 2004, when American forces began assaulting the city, only to pull back because of concerns about civilians being killed. Then, Falluja became a byword for the United States’ failure to pacify a growing insurgency, and it was not until seven months later, in November, that Marines moved in and cleared the city in a battle that cost nearly 100 American lives. The battle for Falluja now unfolding is being fought by a jagged constellation of government security forces, Shiite militias and Sunni tribal fighters. They are closing in on the city from the north and south, but not yet fighting for its center. Still within Falluja are an estimated 50, 000 civilians, long cut off from shipments of food and medicine by a government siege and now under artillery fire as the front lines have tightened around the city. The Norwegian Refugee Council on Tuesday warned of a “catastrophe unfolding in Falluja,” saying that humanitarian conditions were “rapidly deteriorating as fierce fighting intensifies. ” And the United Nations, based on informers in the city, warned Tuesday that civilians were being killed from shelling by   forces, including seven members of one family a few days ago. Lise Grande, the top United Nations humanitarian official in Iraq, said in an interview, “I am desperately worried about what is happening to civilians in Falluja. ” Ms. Grande said that informers inside the city had told the United Nations that Islamic State fighters were moving families to the city center to serve as human shields. Families who have been able to leave have reported severe food shortages and a lack of clean water, raising concerns, she said, of a cholera outbreak. About 3, 700 people, mostly from the outlying areas of Falluja, have reached safety over the past week, the United Nations said. An additional 500 men and boys over the age of 12 have reached government lines but are being held by the Iraqi authorities for questioning about any potential links to the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Falluja has been closed to the world since the Islamic State captured it more than two years ago, as a steppingstone to its broader conquest of northern and western Iraq. A glimpse of the darkness that has grown inside emerged early Tuesday, when two women from the Yazidi religious minority, believed to have been captured in northern Iraq by the Islamic State and held in Falluja, possibly as sex slaves, reached safety by boat across the Euphrates River. Vian Dakhil, a Yazidi member of the Iraqi Parliament, traveled to Baghdad on Tuesday to meet the women, and said she believed that more Yazidi women were trapped inside the city. “I don’t know the exact number, but I’m sure there are many, many more,” Ms. Dakhil said in an interview. Standing in a field of scrub and palm trees on Sunday, near the front lines, Col. Sadiq Jaleel, of the federal police, said the Islamic State was unleashing its full arsenal against his men: snipers,   houses, roadside bombs. He stressed that his men, a mortar team arrayed around him, amid open crates of shells, were advancing slowly to protect civilians. “The fighting has been vicious,” the colonel said. But he quickly added, referring to the populated heart of Falluja, “the battles in the residential areas will be more difficult. ” Humanitarian officials in Iraq believe they are racing against time to avert what they worry could be a blood bath should Iraqi forces storm the city center. Those fears were heightened on Monday morning, when Iraq’s United   counterterrorism forces left their bases and advanced from the south toward the city. Statements that commanders gave to the news media on Monday falsely asserted that they had entered the city and were fighting for it. But on Tuesday it was clear that their advance had stalled in the face of stiff resistance from the Islamic State. The battle for Falluja has caught the public’s attention after a stretch of political turmoil that saw protesters storm Baghdad’s Green Zone and Parliament. Accordingly, the battle is also being waged in the Iraqi news media, and the various forces involved have all kept up a patter of statements claiming battlefield successes that, in some cases like on Monday, have yet to happen. On Tuesday afternoon, as it became evident that no quick victory was at hand, Iraq’s Joint Operations Command, a central hub for the army, federal police and militias, urged the news media to be careful: “We warn all of the mass media to be accurate with the news about the military operations for the Falluja battle, and not to be hasty in publishing information and news and to check the sources of the news before publishing them. ”",0
10429,When You Dial 911 and Wall Street Answers - The New York Times,"A Tennessee woman slipped into a coma and died after an ambulance company took so long to assemble a crew that one worker had time for a cigarette break. Paramedics in New York had to covertly swipe medical supplies from a hospital to restock their depleted ambulances after emergency runs. A man in the suburban South watched a chimney fire burn his house to the ground as he waited for the fire department, which billed him anyway and then sued him for $15, 000 when he did not pay. In each of these cases, someone dialed 911 and Wall Street answered. The business of driving ambulances and operating fire brigades represents just one facet of a profound shift on Wall Street and Main Street alike, a New York Times investigation has found. Since the 2008 financial crisis, private equity firms, the “corporate raiders” of an earlier era, have increasingly taken over a wide array of civic and financial services that are central to American life. Today, people interact with private equity when they dial 911, pay their mortgage, play a round of golf or turn on the kitchen tap for a glass of water. Private equity put a unique stamp on these businesses. Unlike other   companies, which often have years of experience making a product or offering a service, private equity is primarily skilled in making money. And in many of these businesses, The Times found, private equity firms applied a sophisticated moneymaking playbook: a mix of cost cuts, price increases, lobbying and litigation. In emergency care and firefighting, this approach creates a fundamental tension: the push to turn a profit while caring for people in their most vulnerable moments. For governments and their citizens, the effects have often been dire. Under private equity ownership, some ambulance response times worsened, heart monitors failed and companies slid into bankruptcy, according to a Times examination of thousands of pages of internal documents and government records, as well as interviews with dozens of former employees. In at least two cases, lawsuits contend, poor service led to patient deaths. Private equity gained new power and responsibility as a direct result of the 2008 crisis. As cities and towns nationwide struggled to pay for basics like public infrastructure and ambulance services, private equity stepped in. At the same time, as banks scaled back their mortgage operations after the crisis, private equity firms  —   which face lighter regulation than banks, and none of their   capital requirements  —   moved in there as well. The power shift has happened with relatively little scrutiny, even as federal authorities have tightened rules for banks. Unlike banks, which take deposits and borrow from the government, private equity firms invest money from wealthy individuals and pension funds desperate for returns at a time of historically low interest rates. Since the 2008 financial crisis, private equity firms have gone from managing $1 trillion to managing $4. 3 trillion  —   more than the value of Germany’s gross domestic product  —   according to the advisory firm Triago. Retirement nest eggs are fueling the growth and sharing in private equity’s risks and returns: Nearly half of private equity’s invested assets come from pensions. “There is private equity  —   a lot of it  —   and it’s happening everywhere,” said Vikram Pandit, a former Citigroup chief executive who is now head of the Orogen Group, which invests in financial businesses. Across the financial landscape, he said, “New champions will emerge. ” Warburg Pincus, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts  Company, and other major private equity firms have invested in emergency services, a business that routinely holds the lives of customers in its hands. While this represents one small corner of private equity, which traditionally used debt to seize underperforming companies, it captures the industry’s newfound pervasiveness. K. K. R.  —   a firm memorialized in “Barbarians at the Gate,” a book that chronicled a defining 1980s Wall Street deal  —   also invested in public water services. Blackstone is now America’s largest landlord of rental houses. And in the mortgage industry, until recently the province of banks, the Fortress Investment Group controls a huge bill collector. In many of the fields where private equity now operates, it has not necessarily performed better or worse than the banks and governments it replaced. In some cases it financed projects that others wouldn’t fund and provided crucial public services, including emergency care. And because these firms do not rely on the government for loans, and are much smaller than Wall Street banks, they pose far less risk to the broader economy. “Over 11 million Americans work for    businesses, and millions more rely on private equity performance for their retirement security,” said James Maloney, a spokesman for the American Investment Council, the industry’s leading lobbying group. Private equity, Mr. Maloney said, helps “advance both our economic and societal  . ” But the Times investigation of emergency services shows that hasn’t always been the case. Of the 12 ambulance companies recently owned by private equity, three filed for bankruptcy in the last three years, according to public filings and SP Global Market Intelligence, a research service that tracks over 1, 100 major ambulance companies in the United States. Those three companies had problems that predated private equity. But no other ambulance company tracked by the research firm filed for bankruptcy during that period. The latest blowup came in February, when TransCare EMS, controlled by the firm Patriarch Partners, filed for bankruptcy, closing its doors forever. One day, cities and towns up and down the East Coast had TransCare services the next, they didn’t. “Private equity has, in this case, threatened public safety,” said Richard Thomas, the mayor of Mount Vernon, N. Y, which relied on TransCare. “It’s not the way to treat the public. ” Patriarch’s owner and founder, Lynn Tilton, said in a statement that she was “deeply saddened by the unfortunate circumstances that triggered the abrupt end to TransCare’s operations and the heartache it has caused for many of its devoted employees. ” She noted that TransCare, like other ambulance companies, “faced the obstacles inherent to its business model. ”   long one of the nation’s largest ambulance companies and one of the few operators of private fire departments, did a tour through bankruptcy, although it reorganized and stayed in business. One private equity investor took   into bankruptcy, and another helped get it out. During that period,  ’s response times slowed in certain towns and it instituted more aggressive billing practices across the board, records show. While under the control of Warburg,   once sent a $761 collections notice to an infant girl born in an ambulance. “The matter may be reported to a national credit reporting agency,” the notice read, effectively threatening a baby with a bad credit report. “Obviously there were problems with ” said Ron Cunningham, a spokesman for  ’s new parent company, Envision Healthcare, which is not a private equity firm. “We are continuing to hire paramedics and E. M. T.s and what you are seeing is that the response times are improving. ” In a statement, Warburg said it “invested in   with the objective of growing and strengthening the company’s business. ” “Despite several initiatives undertaken by the company’s board and management team,” the statement said, the “challenges   faced were too difficult to overcome. ” While private equity firms have always invested in a diverse array of companies, including hospitals and nursing homes, their movement into emergency services raises broader questions about the administering of public services. Cities and towns are required to offer citizens a free education, and they generally provide a police force, but almost everything else is fair game for privatization. “We’re reaching new lows in the public safety services we will help provide, especially in very poor cities,” said Michelle Wilde Anderson, a law professor at Stanford University who specializes in state and local government. Private equity firms, she said, “are not philanthropists. ” A TransCare ambulance pulled into a hospital parking lot in Westchester County. Employees in windbreakers, “EMS” emblazoned on the backs, hopped out and headed for the emergency room door. They were there not to bring in a patient or sign paperwork, but to go “E. R. shopping”: swiping supplies to replenish critical items TransCare could not afford to replace in its ambulances. After an ambulance finishes a run, hospital staff members often restock medications as a courtesy. But TransCare emergency workers described pressure from supervisors to go further and raid supply carts, sometimes without the hospital’s blessing. On occasion, one TransCare worker would act as lookout while “the other one would just be grabbing stuff,” said Emanuel Almodovar, a former employee. Chez Valenta, an   veteran of TransCare, said employees often had no choice. Medications in the ambulances were expired and supplies were depleted. “There’s only a couple of things that terrify paramedics,” Ms. Valenta said. “Being without your critical medications is one of them. I make no apologies. ” The supply shortage  —   and the extreme measures taken to address it  —   was just one warning sign of TransCare’s demise. In February, it became official: Employees received an email from a supervisor declaring, “We are being told to cease operations immediately. ” TransCare’s unraveling, told through internal documents and interviews with former employees, provides a case study in private equity’s ambulance experiment. The company’s implosion followed the bankruptcies of two other ambulance companies owned by private equity,   and First Med. It wasn’t supposed to be this way. Private equity investors swept into the ambulance business with high hopes. “Tremendous growth potential,” Warburg Pincus said in a statement in 2011 when it bought   with plans to acquire rival ambulance services and improve bill collection. Other firms bet that fragile towns would outsource emergency care. And, the thinking went, President Obama’s health care overhaul would insure millions more people, providing new paying customers. But many newly insured Americans turned out to be on Medicaid, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Medicaid restricts some of the most aggressive billing tactics. “It didn’t quite play out like they had hoped,” said Mike Ward, executive director of the National EMS Management Association. So some private equity firms fell back on a   moneymaking strategy: slashing costs. The case of TransCare shows the perils of that approach. In 2003, Patriarch helped rescue TransCare, which had previously been owned by other private equity investors, from another bankruptcy. For years the company, which once had 2, 000 employees, showed signs of improvement, with ample resources and high morale. Patriarch’s owner, Ms. Tilton, liked to put a friendly face on private equity, shunning the stereotype of Wall Street raiders out to strip companies of valuable assets or flip them for a quick profit. Ms. Tilton starred in a reality television show, “Diva of Distressed,” and has famously said, “It’s only men I strip and flip. ” The TransCare mess was a mere blip for Patriarch, which manages a sprawling portfolio of more than 70 companies, including the mapmaker Rand McNally. And Ms. Tilton, who said she “worked tirelessly” to try to save the company, attributed TransCare’s collapse to problems beyond Patriarch’s control. The business requires costly investment in medical gear, she said. “With limited free cash flow, any disruptions in the business can cause unsustainable deterioration. ” Yet Ms. Tilton was very much in charge of TransCare as it crumbled. She was the sole owner of the Patriarch Partners fund that had a controlling stake in TransCare. And although she never held an executive or management role, she was TransCare’s sole board member  —   a situation almost   in corporate America. Only 3 percent of private companies have two or fewer board members, according to survey data from the National Association of Corporate Directors, which called a   board “likely a recipe for governance failure. ” Former TransCare employees described pressure to cut costs and increase billing as the company weakened in recent years. Patients were transported unnecessarily in ambulances, they said. And ambulances regularly broke down. On the day TransCare filed for bankruptcy, more than 30 percent of the company’s vehicles were out of service, some for hundreds of days, according to internal documents. “We drove buses on the 911 unit where the brakes didn’t work properly,” said Rayshma Raghunath, a former TransCare employee, referring to her ambulance. She started feeling uneasy during the Ebola scare in 2014, when she said workers had trouble getting enough sanitary wipes to disinfect their ambulances. Caitlin Cannizzaro, another former employee, said that even starting the ambulances became tough. One morning, it took four hours to get some running, she said. “You really had to become a MacGyver in the field. ” By early 2015, the company had racked up health department violations for failed ambulance inspections, internal documents show. Employees spotted bedbugs in the Brooklyn dispatch center. Suppliers refused to provide drugs or repair ambulances because of unpaid bills. “We were constantly having problems with the heart monitors,” said Mr. Almodovar, the former emergency medical technician. “It started getting scary. The last thing we want is for a patient to die on us because the equipment is failing. ” By February 2015, shortages became critical. According to meeting minutes reviewed by The Times, TransCare executives discussed how their New York locations would be “unable to make it through the weekend with current medical supplies. ” Supervisors regularly paid for supplies out of their own pockets and hoped for reimbursement, emails show. Some workers said the ambulances carried expired medications. Others went “E. R. shopping. ” In March 2015, a new problem emerged: Some TransCare employees did not get paid on time. Then in July, it happened again. When it looked like payroll might be delayed another time, TransCare sent sample questions and answers to managers, “to help you communicate” with frustrated employees. It read in part: In the first few days of 2016, the trouble accelerated. Eviction warnings had piled up. High levels of carbon monoxide in the Brooklyn office sent at least one employee to the hospital, according to medical records. The company lost a major customer, the city of New Rochelle, N. Y. Less than 48 hours later, employees learned the chief executive had stepped down  —   the third in four years to leave. “Recent events have been a   call,” the chief operating officer wrote to the staff to announce the chief executive’s departure. The note signed off, “Here’s to a great future together!” A month later, the company filed for bankruptcy, leaving a mess for cities and employees alike. Workers rushed to the company’s offices in Brooklyn to collect their final paychecks. Worried the checks might bounce, some piled into emergency vehicles and raced to a     store. James Bradley, deputy commissioner of public safety in White Plains, blamed Patriarch for TransCare’s woes. “That’s where the problems lie,” he said. The city of Mount Vernon, another former customer in New York, hired a new private company at a cost to taxpayers, and is developing its own ambulance operation within its fire department. In New York City, where TransCare had operated 27 ambulances, the fire department paid its own ambulance workers overtime to fill the void. “I am highly upset with Patriarch. They lied to us,” said Jay Robbins, a former director of operations at TransCare who was at ground zero after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. “I told my employees to come in and work, and now they won’t be getting paid,” he said soon after the bankruptcy, his voice shaking. The bankruptcy also disrupted litigation pending against the company, including a malpractice case that raises questions about TransCare’s training procedures. During an Aerosmith concert at Madison Square Garden in 2012, Robert Albrecht, a    businessman with a wife and three children, suddenly collapsed. TransCare arrived within minutes  —   it was stationed in the building. But a paramedic mistakenly inserted a breathing tube into Mr. Albrecht’s esophagus, medical records and the lawsuit show, pumping air into his stomach instead of his lungs. He was pronounced dead minutes later. The case was scheduled for preliminary settlement talks, according to the family’s lawyer, Jonathan C. Reiter, when TransCare went under. Today Mr. Albrecht’s widow is a creditor in the bankruptcy, in line with medical suppliers and unpaid workers. In Loudon County, Tenn. another ambulance company was unnerving local officials. After 11 years of relying on   the Tennessee county wanted to part ways in 2014. So it sent letters to the company outlining grievances:   employees slept through an emergency call. A   driver refused to transport a dead body because it would “stink up” his ambulance. Another   worker, who later said she offered to respond to an emergency even though she was off duty, had enough time to smoke a cigarette while the company scrambled to assemble a full crew. The patient later died. In the year since private equity had led the company into bankruptcy,   had endangered “the health and welfare” of its citizens, Loudon County said in a letter to the company. It was, as the letter put it, “a complete system failure. ” Data on the quality of an ambulance company’s performance is scarce at the national level and difficult to compare    or   . A basic metric  —   how often ambulances are late  —   is often defined differently, if it is measured at all. Still, data can show how one company changes over time, and a Times analysis of data obtained under freedom of information laws from five of  ’s major markets suggests that service in four areas suffered under private equity ownership. The Times examined where   operated exclusively, in or near cities. In one town, response times surged in another, penalties skyrocketed. In a third, county officials time and again received a dreaded alert: no available ambulances. The first private equity investor to back   was Warburg Pincus. It was just one investment for a firm that manages roughly $40 billion. But the 2011 takeover was the sort of acquisition that tarred private equity firms in the public mind as corporate raiders out to make a fast dollar. Warburg financed its roughly $730 million purchase by adding more than $500 million in debt to  ’s balance sheet  —   a deep hole to climb out of. Initially, Warburg invested in the company and its ambulances.   acquired two ambulance companies, helping increase capital spending by 20 percent and payroll by 15 percent in 2012. But the deals added to overall debt, contributing to cutbacks that potentially affected patient care. Some ambulances weren’t promptly restocked, employees said. In Arizona, the company’s home state, it shelved a program that gave raises to senior staff. It also slashed pensions there. “It was a train wreck,” said Aaron Chamney, a former   fire captain who said he was dismissed a month into Warburg’s ownership after he was injured on the job. The financial results were also a mess.   which operates ambulances in 20 states, told investors it would book higher revenue than it ultimately did, leading bondholders to sue Warburg for fraud, a case that continues. Warburg denies the accusations. As Warburg’s investment spiraled toward bankruptcy, service suffered. In Arizona, just days before the August 2013 bankruptcy, the health department wrote to   demanding data on its 911 response times.   was failing to respond on time, state records show. Tacoma, Wash. waived almost all of  ’s fines for lateness in 2012 because the company was meeting overall standards. Then, however, performance collapsed.   paid fines for nine straight months. In the first half of 2013, average monthly penalties, both waived and not, nearly quintupled from the same period a year earlier. “Throughout our ownership of   Warburg Pincus always supported a high standard of customer care and the best possible results for all of the company’s stakeholders,” the firm said in a statement, citing “increased spending to improve operations and processes, increased capital investment and strategic acquisitions. ” But as Warburg’s investment was crumbling, something interesting happened: Other investors saw an opportunity and snapped up  ’s bonds. This is a classic strategy in which Wall Street firms hunt for investments (in this case, distressed debt) expecting them to bounce back. But   didn’t recover. It filed for bankruptcy. Suddenly those bondholders had a choice: revive the company, or lose their money. The biggest bondholder was Oaktree Capital Management, an investment manager that specializes in distressed bonds and private equity deals. Oaktree invested $88 million in loans and stock, helping wipe out Warburg’s stake in the company. By January 2014, Oaktree was the single largest shareholder in  . But Oaktree, which owned nearly 40 percent of   did not halt the slide. In Rochester, monthly penalties averaged $58, 950 in the first half of 2015, during Oaktree’s tenure, more than double the average during the first half of 2013, when Warburg owned the company. In July 2014, the Mesa, Ariz. fire chief formally complained about  ’s “unprecedented reduction of ambulances, which in turn delayed patient care. ” The fire chief of the Superstition Fire and Medical District, in Apache Junction, Ariz. accused   of appearing “more focused on cutting corners and canceling contracts than quality of care. ” In Aurora, Colo.   awarded medals of valor to some employees for responding to the 2012 movie theater shooting. But the city issued increasing penalties to the company, on an average basis, for late responses and other problems after the bankruptcy. Last year, during Oaktree’s tenure, Aurora chose to award its contract to a different ambulance company. In a statement, Oaktree said  ’s board was unaware of “any contracts that the company lost due to deficient response times or supplies. ” “The board’s foremost focus was patient safety,” Oaktree said, adding that it “never contemplated any expense cuts that would have affected response time or patient care. ” Not everyone was displeased with  . In Wheat Ridge, Colo. the company has been considered compliant since 2011. When   suffered delays, “There were always reasonable explanations,” said Daniel Brennan, chief of police. Similarly, San Diego considered   compliant under Warburg’s and Oaktree’s ownership. However, the city’s records show that it excused several hundred late responses over the last five years for circumstances like bursts of emergency calls. Officials in Knox County, Tenn. said they started worrying in April 2015 when   alerted them twice that it had no ambulances available for emergencies, forcing them to rely on other providers. That is known as a “level zero,” and it had happened only once before in recent years. In 2015, the county penalized   $110, 000 for  .   also must tell the county if three or fewer ambulances are available. During the second half of 2015, it notified the county of such shortages an average of 106 times per month  —   quadruple the average of the same period in 2013. “What we’ve been told is that their challenge is around staffing,” said Dr. Martha Buchanan, director of the county’s health department. She cited the bankruptcy and a new law requiring more worker certifications, making hiring tougher.   also reported increased lateness, defined as taking 10 minutes or longer to reach an emergency. In the second half of 2015,   was late, on average, about 9. 4 percent of the time, up from 6. 8 percent two years earlier. Though the company still met overall standards, the county said   “had increased difficulty in doing so. ” Since Envision took over   in late 2015, replacing private equity, the company has shown signs of improvement, Knox County officials said. It has purchased new ambulances and raised salaries. In neighboring Loudon County, officials noticed response time problems after the bankruptcy, when Oaktree was the largest shareholder. The final straw came after an   911 call in August 2014. Donna Maher, 81, couldn’t breathe. “They’re coming as quick as they can,” the 911 operator promised. But  ’s ambulance had not yet left the station. Surveillance video showed an emergency worker standing beside her ambulance, smoking a cigarette. Ms. Maher eventually reached the hospital, but died 10 days later. Later that year, Loudon County negotiated an early exit from its   contract. And the ambulance worker, Cortney Bryson, was fired. Ms. Bryson sued   for wrongful termination, saying the company was “covering up improper scheduling, staffing and response criteria” in a way that “could have been shown to be a direct factor in the death of a citizen. ” In an interview, Ms. Bryson said she had worked two   shifts    before the call about Ms. Maher came in. Ms. Bryson was technically off the clock, she said, but a replacement hadn’t yet arrived. Ms. Bryson said that she offered to go with another colleague, but that they needed permission because the colleague lacked full credentials. While waiting, she smoked. Jennifer Estes, the 911 center director, says it is difficult to link a delayed ambulance to a death. But this case, she said, “leaves some room for someone to wonder, ‘Could the extra time have made a difference? ’” After private equity took over   new posters appeared on the walls of ambulance and fire stations, featuring a caricature of a uniformed employee delivering a mandate: Get a signature. In other words, get patients to sign documents that can be used to bill them. “Almost always, if the patient is alert, they will be able to sign,” he says. And if the patient can’t sign? Then go to a family member, or a nurse. “They’ll sign  —   because I don’t give up. ” The posters  —   just one element of  ’s aggressive billing practices while owned by private equity  —   promoted “Do the Write Thing,” a policy instructing employees to document every detail of a patient’s treatment. It paired with another initiative, the “Care to Cash” checklist, also instituted during Warburg’s tenure. Warburg Pincus said it was not aware of those specific initiatives. The policies,   said, would help patients by ensuring that bills were accurate. But employees complained that the process distracted them from caregiving and put them in the awkward position of seeking signatures from ill or medicated patients. Do the Write Thing “didn’t sit well with the firefighters,” said Nico Latini, who has worked at   for a decade. “We operate under a high level of integrity and we do the right thing every day  —   with an R, not a W. ” In the four years that private equity led   the company was fighting for financial survival. It raised its prices, but patients couldn’t afford those bigger bills. Against that backdrop, the company intensified its collection efforts. And when people didn’t pay,   took them to court. After Warburg left the company,   eliminated Care to Cash and Do the Write Thing. But even under its new   equity owner, it still sues to collect some unpaid bills from fire and ambulance customers.  ’s new owner said it “will continue to utilize the legal system to pursue payment when appropriate,” but added that it first asks “customers who need assistance to work with us to develop a payment plan that meets their needs. ”  ’s fire departments sell homeowners an annual subscription for fire protection, often ranging from $100 to $500, depending on the property. If a nonsubscriber suffers a fire,   will still answer the call, unlike some other private departments. But then it sends a bill well above the subscription price. Even before private equity took over, the company sued to collect fire bills. Under private equity, this practice flourished. The Times examined court filings in the areas where   operates fire departments and identified dozens of lawsuits filed since 2011, when private equity took over. In these lawsuits, which are   at   public fire departments, the company pursued unpaid bills ranging from a few hundred dollars to $59, 000. In Knoxville, Tenn. Lester Day faced one of those lawsuits. When his chimney caught fire in March 2013, he dialed 911. When firefighters arrived almost an hour later, 911 records indicate, the house had been reduced to ashes. That didn’t stop   from charging Mr. Day for their response and then placing a $15, 000 lien on his home, which he had since rebuilt. “Now I’m having to sell everything we’ve got,” Mr. Day said in an interview. “It ain’t right. ”   also filed hundreds of lawsuits against ambulance patients in the same time period, including claims against families of people who died. Public providers are generally less aggressive than private ones, and some opt not to sue at all. The New York Fire Department said it sends letters to ambulance patients but stops short of suing. And yet, patients may not always have the chance to ride in a government ambulance. Private companies now represent about 25 percent of all ambulance providers, according to the National Association of State EMS Officials.  ’s community fire service, which operates in Arizona, Oregon and Tennessee, is one of the nation’s few private fire departments. Only 4 percent of Americans rely on a private fire service.   mainly serves unincorporated areas without public fire departments, where often there is no government contract or public oversight. The Times spoke with more than a dozen people who had been sued by the company after fires on their property. Many homeowners in  ’s jurisdiction did not realize they had to pay for fire protection separately, on top of their taxes. Some thought the subscription fee was unwarranted. “I thought the fire department was paid out of taxes,” said Alice Addie, who lives with her husband, LaVern, in Mesa, Ariz. In 2013,   filed a roughly $7, 000 lawsuit against the Addies after their mobile home caught fire. Mr. Addie, a Navy veteran, at first disputed the charges, storming into his local   fire department to question the suit. Ultimately, the company allowed the Addies to pay off their bill in monthly installments. But in the backyard of his home, in the shadow of the rugged mountains of Maricopa County, he explained how they were still struggling with that debt. “We just eat two meals a day instead of three,” he said.",0
10430,Pointing Fingers Over Trump’s Victory,"Pointing Fingers Over Trump’s Victory November 17, 2016 
After Donald Trump’s victory, Democrats and progressives have traded accusations as to what was at fault, the Establishment’s insistence on Hillary Clinton or the insurgent challenges from Bernie Sanders and Jill Stein, reports Nat Parry. 
By Nat Parry 
As the reality of Donald J. Trump’s victory in the Nov. 8 presidential election sets in, Democrats and progressives have been trading accusations over who – or what – may have led to this historic electoral defeat. 
For progressives who backed Vermont’s independent Sen. Bernie Sanders in the primaries, the culprit is clearly the Democratic Party establishment, led by the likes of former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Shultz and current interim DNC chair Donna Brazile, who they blame for stacking the deck against their candidate and ensuring Hillary Clinton’s nomination – despite her considerable baggage heading into the election. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. (Photos by Gage Skidmore and derivative by Krassotkin, Wikipedia) 
These progressives point to Clinton’s historically low favorability ratings in national polls, and the fact that in a hypothetical one-one-one match-up between Trump and Sanders, polling data showed early on that Sanders would have likely defeated Trump easily. Trump himself seemed to understand the advantage Sanders had over him in a possible general election contest, tweeting in May 2016 that he “would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!” 
Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, Sanders was clearly more liked, even as Clinton wrapped up the nomination last summer. Gallup polling found in June 2016 that Sanders held 70 percent favorable and 18 percent unfavorable ratings among Democratic voters, while Clinton was seen favorably by 67 percent and unfavorably by 28 percent. In the aftermath of Trump’s victory – assisted by the lowest voter turnout in 20 years – some have argued that enthusiasm for Sanders could have pushed the Democrats to victory in key swing states that ultimately went to Trump. 
To back up these claims, the progressive website USUncut pointed out on Nov. 10 that in five states that Sanders won in the primaries – Indiana, Michigan, Oklahoma, West Virginia, and Wisconsin – the exit polling data indicated that the demographic groups that helped Trump reach 270 electoral college votes were also Sanders’s key demographics. 
“Assuming that Sanders won white, rural rust belt voters in the traditionally blue states that Hillary Clinton lost,” Sanders would have won the Electoral College with a 303-235 advantage , according to this analysis. 
Yet, while progressives blame the Democratic establishment for pushing an unpopular nominee – who was saddled by a federal investigation into her use of a private email server while Secretary of State, questions related to the ethics of her collecting sizable speaking fees from Wall Street firms, and suspicions over the Clinton Foundation’s dealings with foreign governments – establishment Democrats have been largely placing the blame on progressives for failing to unite behind Clinton. 
Some commentators have pointed fingers at voters who decided to buck the two-party system and cast a ballot for the Green Party’s Jill Stein or the Libertarian Party’s Gary Johnson while others have assigned blame to Sanders for daring to mount a primary challenge against Clinton in the first place. 
This was the argument of Prof. Gil Troy, who wrote at Time Magazine on Nov. 14 that “Senator Bernie Sanders earned the 2016 ‘Ralph Nader Award’ for the Leftist Most Responsible for Helping Republicans Win the Presidency.” 
While acknowledging that Trump “cleverly exploited voters’ frustrations” and that “Clinton’s campaign in 2016 was as rigid and empty as it was when she lost in 2008,” Troy nevertheless argues that Sanders’ insurgent primary campaign “pushed her too far left to prevent an effective re-centering in the fall.” 
Troy offers few facts or polling data to back up these claims, instead making broad-based assertions such as “just as Ralph Nader siphoned tens of thousands of votes on Election Day 2000 in Florida from Al Gore, causing the deadlock and George W. Bush’s victory, Bernie Sanders’ similar vampire effect enfeebled Hillary Clinton.” 
According to this view, even running a progressive primary election challenge – much less a third-party campaign – is dangerously unacceptable, creating a so-called “vampire effect” that “siphons votes” that rightfully belong to someone else. 
The Spoiler Effect 
While Sanders remains the target of some criticism for costing the Democrats the election, the real vitriol is leveled at third parties and their supporters. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Florida. 
Typical was the reaction of Newsweek senior writer Kurt Eichenwald, who published an account of an encounter he had with a fan in the Philadelphia International Airport following the election. The individual had approached Eichenwald to praise his work but nearly ended up the victim of a physical assault. 
According to Eichenwald, the man, who had recognized the pundit from his television appearances, thanked him for his reporting on Trump and expressed disgust that Trump had won. Eichenwald then asked the fan who he had voted for. The man stated that he voted for Green Party nominee Jill Stein, to which Eichenwald replied: “You’re lucky it’s illegal for me to punch you in the face.” According to his account of the interaction, Eichenwald then told his fan to go “have sex with himself.” 
As anyone who has ever voted for a party other than the Democrats or Republicans can attest, this is a pretty familiar reaction. In the United States’ winner-take-all electoral system, a vote for anyone outside of the two main parties is seen as a “wasted vote” that could “spoil” the election, and those who make this decision risk professional and social ostracism. 
In this system, third-party voters are vilified to an extent not seen for any other voting demographic – including nonvoters who in fact account for a far greater share of the electorate, and therefore have a much bigger effect in swinging the election. 
Yet, this has not stopped many pundits and social media users from piling blame onto supporters of Stein or Johnson, who are deemed reckless and irresponsible for so frivolously casting a ballot for candidates who had no chance of winning – or worse yet, as personally culpable for Trump’s victory and all the disastrous policies that might follow. 
“If you vote for somebody who can’t win for president, it means that you don’t care who wins for president,” opined MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow on Election Night. She later elaborated on this wasted-vote theory, tweeting about a fanciful scenario in which every Stein vote and half of Johnson’s votes would have gone to Clinton, who might have then claimed enough states from Trump to eke out an Electoral College win, a story repeated by CNN . 
In a similar vein, columnist Paul Krugman weighed in by tweeting in the early morning hours of Nov. 9 that “Jill Stein has managed to play Ralph Nader,” referring to the “spoiler effect” that the 2000 Green Party nominee allegedly had on the election 16 years ago. “Without her Florida might have been saved.” 
Flawed Analysis 
Setting aside rehashed arguments from 2000, when it comes to Election 2016 independent evaluations of third-party voting have concluded that the effect of this voting bloc was statistically negligible, and cannot seriously be attributed to Clinton’s defeat. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
A Wall Street Journal analysis, for example, found that Clinton would have needed to win 70 percent of the vote share that went to both the Libertarian and Green parties across eight swing states to claim victory – a highly unlikely scenario considering that the Libertarian Party champions a brand of fiscal conservatism and limited government that traditionally appeals to right-leaning, Republican voters. (Indeed, the 2016 Libertarian Party ticket was headed by two former Republican governors: Gary Johnson of New Mexico and Bill Weld of Massachusetts.) 
In another analysis, the Washington Post concluded that in the five states Trump won by a margin smaller than the combined Johnson/Stein vote, some of them could have been flipped if the entire Stein vote was added to Clinton’s total. In this scenario, the Post notes, the outcome might have changed in Michigan and Wisconsin, still however leaving her short of an Electoral College victory. 
The paper pointed out however that “this projection rests on the unrealistic assumption that all Stein voters would have voted for Clinton,” conceding that it is impossible to “know how Johnson and Stein backers would have voted if forced to choose between Clinton, Trump and staying home.” More realistically, many would have “skipped the presidential race or voted for another candidate .” 
Besides the lack of hard statistical data to back up the wasted vote/spoiler effect claims, they also rest on a flawed assumption that anyone’s votes – whether Clinton’s, Trump’s, Johnson’s or Stein’s – actually belong to anyone else. In fact, many third-party voters are simply fed up with the system itself, and hope that by voting for other options, it might be possible to someday build up viable alternatives to the two-party system. 
This was especially the case this year, in which the numbers of disaffected voters reached historic proportions. By the time the primaries had been decided last summer, in fact, the two front-runners were the most unpopular candidates seen in a generation, which should have been seen as a warning sign to Democrats who traditionally rely on high voter turnout for electoral success. 
According to a Quinnipiac poll released in June, Clinton had a 57 percent unfavorability rating, while Trump received a 59 percent unfavorability rating. Moreover, according to a survey by Data Targeting, 55 percent of Americans favored having an independent or third-party presidential candidate to consider. Among millennials – a key demographic for Barack Obama’s victories in 2008 and 2012 – 91 percent expressed support for additional choices this year. 
Another poll, released in September just before the Trump-Clinton debates began, found that 76 percent of Americans favored Johnson and Stein sharing the stage with the two main party candidates in the debates. This, of course, did not happen, with the Commission on Presidential Debates sticking to its strict criteria that independents and third parties need to reach 15 percent in national polling before they are allowed into the debates. 
This is perhaps one reason why Americans remained largely ignorant of Stein’s and Johnson’s campaigns, with Gallup finding that 63 percent were unfamiliar with Johnson heading into the general election, and 68 percent were unfamiliar with Stein. 
Voter Boycotts and Voter Suppression 
Regardless of the impacts of third-party alternatives – which only ended up receiving a total of 4 percent of the popular vote – the deep disaffection among American voters that was seen in earlier polling seemed to manifest itself in other voting trends on Election Day. This disaffection can be seen in the high number of down-ballot voters who opted not to cast a ballot for president this year. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. 
One telling analysis found that in 14 states, down-ballot candidates received more votes than presidential candidates. 
In North Carolina, for instance, about 30,000 more people cast ballots for incumbent Gov. Pat McCrory and Roy Cooper than for any of the presidential nominees. In Vermont, about 314,000 voters cast ballots in the governor’s race, and 313,000 for the Senate, while just 291,000 voted for president – a difference of almost 8 percent. 
In Oregon, where Democrats Sen. Ron Wyden and Gov. Kate Brown easily won re-election, their races drew about 75,000 more votes than the presidential contest. Other states in which down-ballot voters essentially boycotted the presidential election included Indiana, Missouri, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and West Virginia. 
Besides nonvoters, another factor that should be receiving at least as much attention as third-party “spoilers” are the would-be voters who could not cast a ballot due to systematic disenfranchisement, possible voter suppression or other all-too-familiar problems at polling places. As the Brennan Center for Justice noted on Nov. 14, “too many voters had to contend with long lines, malfunctioning voting machines, confusion over voting restrictions, voter intimidation, [and] voter registration problems.” 
The nonpartisan law and policy institute, which has been documenting flaws in U.S. election administration for years, notes that “2016 was not the first election in which these problems have occurred – and that itself is a problem.” 
Describing numerous instances of voting problems across the country, the group concluded that “the ways in which elections are administered, including how well they are resourced, can have a negative impact on citizens’ ability to cast a ballot and the confidence the public has in the system.” 
Investigative reporter Greg Palast went further than that, contending that “before a single vote was cast, the election was fixed by GOP and Trump operatives.” 
He noted in a Nov. 11 blog post that in 2013, just as the Supreme Court overturned key sections of the Voting Rights Act, Republican operatives created a system called Crosscheck to purge 1.1 million Americans from the voter rolls of Republican-controlled states. 
According to his count, in Michigan, the Crosscheck purge list eliminated 449,922 voters from the rolls, while Trump claimed victory in that state by just 13,107 votes. In Arizona, the Trump victory margin was 85,257 votes, while a total of 270,824 voters were eliminated by Crosscheck. The Trump victory margin in North Carolina was 177,008, while the Crosscheck purge list accounted for 589,393 voters knocked off the rolls. 
Palast notes that “the electoral putsch was aided by nine other methods of attacking the right to vote of Black, Latino and Asian-American voters … including ‘caging,’ ‘purging,’ blocking legitimate registrations, and wrongly shunting millions to ‘provisional’ ballots that will never be counted.” 
He also points to the discrepancies between the exit polling data and the final results in several battleground states, noting that exit polling is historically “deadly accurate.” Despite this, Palast notes that in 2016, the exit polling was off the mark in at least four key swing states. 
According to the exit polls, Clinton should have won Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, but at the end of the day all of these states went to Trump. Accounting for a total of 74 Electoral College votes, these four states would have been more than enough for Clinton to have flipped the election. 
And of course, this all assumes that the Electoral College is legitimate in the first place. The fact remains that Hillary Clinton received more than one million more votes nationwide than Donald Trump, and the only reason he is assuming the White House is due to the arcane and controversial system of allocating votes through the Electoral College. 
This has led to increasing calls to abolish the Electoral College altogether based on the idea that elections should be determined on the principle of one person, one vote. 
Needed Reforms Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson. 
Needless to say, to many around the world – not to mention many within the United States – these elections are looking less like free expressions of the people’s will than they do down-and-dirty slug fests in which either side is willing to claim a victory at any cost. 
This election was observed by two international organizations in fact, and while their final reports vary to considerable degrees, both the Organization of American States and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe both criticized the tone of the election and highlighted numerous structural deficiencies in the way the United States chooses its leaders. 
The OAS final report identified the following issues as representing key areas for improvement in the U.S. electoral system: taking measures to avoid long lines at polling places, broadening cooperation between states to compare information and avoid possible duplications in voter registries, expanding the practice of redistricting through nonpartisan commissions, addressing the impacts of the Supreme Court’s decision to eliminate parts of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, establishing better campaign finance rules, and jettisoning the divisive campaign rhetoric that has turned off so many voters from the process. 
The OAS also noted the unusual practice in the United States of simultaneously mandating voter identification while not providing this required identification to eligible voters. 
“Practically all countries in the region provide at least one free form of national identification to their citizens, which is used for electoral purposes,” said the OAS . “In the U.S., 32 states currently have laws in force that require voters to show some form of prescribed identification to verify their identity before casting a vote.” However, these states do not make this identification readily available to citizens, contrary to good electoral practice. 
This is also a weakness that the OSCE pointed out in its report , noting: “Voter identification rules are politically divisive and vary across the states, with 32 states requiring photo identification. A high volume of litigation regarding voter identification continued up to Election Day, generating confusion among voters and election officials regarding the application of rules. Efforts to ensure the integrity of the vote are important, but should not lead to the disenfranchisement of eligible voters.” 
The 57-country organization also noted the undue obstacles faced by minor parties and independents trying to compete in U.S. elections. 
“The number of signatures required and the signature submission deadlines vary from state to state, which made it cumbersome for third party or independent candidates to register across all states for presidential elections,” the OSCE pointed out. “Both the Green Party and Libertarian Party challenged ballot access requirements in several states, with success in a few instances.” 
The organization, which has been monitoring elections in the United States since 2004, regretted that since previous election observation missions, a number of its “priority recommendations remain unaddressed.” It pointed out that “deficiencies in the legal framework persist, such as the disenfranchisement of citizens living in various territories, restrictions on the voting rights of convicted criminals and infringements on secrecy of the ballot.” 
Rather than focusing on who is to blame for Trump’s victory in Election 2016, Democrats, Republicans, progressives, independent conservatives, third-party supporters, minorities, and good-government groups might be better served coming together and finally taking seriously the task of electoral reform, beginning with addressing some of the key recommendations of impartial international observers. 
Perhaps then, this perennial debate and the endless exchange of recriminations might finally come to an end. 
Nat Parry is the co-author of Neck Deep: The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush. [This story originally appeared at Essential Opinion, https://essentialopinion.wordpress.com/2016/11/17/election-2016s-blame-game/",0
10431,Purdue Professors Develop ’Instantly Rechargeable’ Battery Tech - Breitbart,"Purdue University professors have presented research on rapidly charging batteries that could change the face of the electric automotive industry. [Professor of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Science, and Mathematics John Cushman presented new research at the International Society for Porous Media 9th International Conference in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Entitled “Redox reactions in   in porous media  —   membraneless battery applications,” the report outlines a new type of battery, and the method by which it could be recharged with unprecedented speed.  Cushman called the growing worldwide sales of electric and hybrid vehicles “incredible,” but said that there remained “strong challenges” for the industry and consumer alike. Chief among those concerns is the life of a hybrid or electric vehicle’s battery, and the massive infrastructure development needed to keep them charged. For drivers, it boils down to practicality. The time and effort required to keep their cars running is still an ongoing hurdle. Purdue Professor Eric Nauman is the   along with Cushman, of Ifbattery  —   a company exploring the commercial applications of their research. He highlighted the “tremendous cost” of developing infrastructure to handle the needed distribution and storage of the energy used by traditional electric vehicles. With Cushman and Nauman’s new developments, they may have a solution: “Ifbattery is developing an energy storage system that would enable drivers to fill up their electric or hybrid vehicles with fluid electrolytes to   spent battery fluids much like refueling their gas tanks. ” Using fluid electrolytes to power batteries gives them a much more accessible fuel supply. Furthermore, the spent electrolytic fuel could be collected and recharged at a wind, solar, or hydroelectric power plant. Cushman said: Instead of refining petroleum, the refiners would reprocess spent electrolytes and instead of dispensing gas, the fueling stations would dispense a water and ethanol or methanol solution as fluid electrolytes to power vehicles. Users would be able to drop off the spent electrolytes at gas stations, which would then be sent in bulk to solar farms, wind turbine installations or hydroelectric plants for reconstitution or   into the viable electrolyte and reused many times. It is believed that our technology could be nearly ‘ ’ ready for most of the underground piping system, rail and truck delivery system, gas stations and refineries. With the potential for clean, efficient, and reusable fuel, both hybrid and electric vehicles could be poised for a leap into mass consumer relevance. Backed up by higher capacity and recharging that is as easy as a stop at the gas station, we may be looking at the first truly pragmatic alternative to   vehicles. All that remains to be seen is whether the cost of implementation is prohibitive. If not, Purdue and Ifbattery may very well force car companies and consumers alike to take notice. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
10432,"Life: We Don’t Know How To Take Down These Photoshops Of Bald Donald Trump, So We’ve Stretched His Face Out All Wide So Nobody Can Recognize It’s Him","Email Several months ago we published a list of irreverent Photoshops depicting the then-presidential candidate Donald Trump as a bald man in several humiliating contexts. We understood that these images were a bit crass and promised to remove them if Trump were to win the election, as a sign of respect for the office of the United States presidency. True to our word, we tried to take these pictures down as soon as Trump was elected, but unfortunately we haven’t been able to figure out how to delete this article from our website. Once content is published to our homepage, it seems to be stuck there. Though we cannot delete the bald Photoshops, we have been able to stretch out Donald Trump’s face all wide so that you can’t even tell he’s the one in the pictures. We hope this serves as an adequate temporary solution until we find a way to take these unbecoming images down completely. 1. At the current time, we are comfortable posting this picture with the caption “My bald spot is absolutely yuge” alongside it, but should Trump assume the esteemed office of president in the fall, we would immediately remove it. 
We apologize that we weren’t able to remove this disrespectful picture of our president-elect completely, but we did what we could and stretched it out all wide. You can barely tell it’s Donald Trump. 2. Regardless of whatever political views you hold, it is disrespectful to show a picture of the commander-in-chief along with a caption like “So this is what that pile of straw on his head is for.” 
We’re talking with our programmers now to figure out a way to delete these images from the web. Hopefully they will develop a method for doing so in the near future. In the meantime, we have preserved the dignity of President-elect Trump by stretching his face out and making his eyes huge. Nobody will be able to recognize that the man in this image is our new president. 3. Of course, it would still be fine to disagree with President Trump if you don’t support his policies. A healthy democracy allows dissent and debate. However, implying that the president wears a toupee when there is no evidence that he does is a crass breach of proper decorum. 
The presidency is the most hallowed office in our nation, and it is worthy of reverence and decorum at all times. Ideally, this image of Donald Trump’s toupee flying off in the wind would no longer be on our website. Since this is currently impossible, we’ve used the magic of Photoshop to make his head very tall and thin. His identity is obscured. This bald man could be anybody. 4. No matter who is president, you address them as “Sir,” not “Donald the Hutt.” We would quickly remove this if the American people choose Trump on November 8. 
This degrading Photoshop of President Trump’s face on Jabba the Hutt’s body is immature and degrading, and we’d remove it if we could. Since we currently don’t know how, we’ve at least given him a tie to wear to imbue him with the poise and decorum the presidency confers on all who hold that hallowed office. 5. Comparing President Trump to Adolf Hitler would remain a valid political commentary, but making him bald in addition is completely uncalled for. If Donald Trump is elected, we promise to restore his normal hair to this image. 
Now that the American electorate has chosen Donald Trump to lead our nation, this image depicting him as a bald Adolf Hitler has become an unsubtle and tactless political statement that does not meet our exacting editorial standards. We’ve given President-elect Trump his hair back in an effort to restore his dignity. 6. For now, let us enjoy this humorous Photoshop and its accompanying caption, “I am going to build a wig, and Mexico is going to pay for it.” During a Trump presidency, it would no longer have a place in the national discourse. 
All right, that’s all of them. We’ve stretched out President-elect Donald Trump’s face all wide so that nobody will know that he is the bald man in this picture. Hopefully, we’ll find a way to remove these pictures from our website, but until then, this will have to do.",0
10433,"Flip-flop: Vox warns of serious risk of Election Day violence, and not the good kind either","Flip-flop: Vox warns of serious risk of Election Day violence, and not the good kind either Posted at 9:24   Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Those playing along at home probably noticed that the flood of groping and sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump, whether true or false, receded awfully quickly once the media and the Clinton campaign decided to clear the decks for a new batch of think pieces about Trump’s allegations that the election was rigged. 
In case the public missed the hint that, by questioning the integrity of America’s electoral process, Trump was sowing the seeds of Election Day violence, a new wave of think pieces emerged to make the threat that much more explicit. They’re not saying there’s gonna be violence; they’re just strongly implying there’s gonna be violence. If there is unrest and violence after election day, I think we now know why. https://t.co/P6WNdG36f5 
CNN … isn’t that the network that “shorthanded” a girl’s call for rioters to burn down the Milwaukee suburbs until it could be reported as a condemnation of violence? Election officials and parties are preparing for possible violence on Election Day and long battle over legitimacy https://t.co/n21U1MfHYO 
— Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) October 17, 2016 Trump's attack on the foundation of democracy makes violence on Election Day more likely. https://t.co/rGADYMG5Op",0
10434,U.S. orders families of consulate workers in Istanbul to leave,"Print 
[Ed. – If you’re wondering if we’ve ever had to do this with a NATO ally before, the answer is no. This is what our vice president would call a big effing deal.] 
The State Department is ordering family members of employees posted to the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul to leave because of security concerns. 
In a statement issued Saturday, the State Department says the decision is based on security information indicating extremist groups are continuing aggressive efforts to attack U.S. citizens in areas of Istanbul where they reside or frequent. 
The Consulate General remains open and fully staffed. The order applies only to the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul, not to other U.S. diplomatic posts in Turkey.",0
10435,How demonetisation has affected tipping,"How demonetisation has affected tipping Posted on Tweet (Image via blogcdn.com) 
Today we will talk about the one area that probably has been hit the hardest by demonetisation: Tipping. 
I got thinking about this after a small incident at a restaurant where I was for an evening bite early this week. The bill was for Rs.197 and, as it happened, I had only a few 100 rupee notes with me. I could have left two hundred rupee notes and walked off, but three rupees is, forget tips, pittance even as alms these days. Roadside beggars, if they were offered Rs.3, would perhaps take it as extreme insult, and, as is the norm these days, initiate an online ‘change.org’ petition against this discrimination and before the end of the week it would have had a lakh of signatories and the media would run away with the story (“Three rupees and the hubris of the privileged”, “Five reasons why beggars are also human beings”, “Post-Trump, alms hit a new low”, “India ranked 153rd in the Global Alms-Giving Index (below Rwanda, Gambia and Bhutan)”, and the inevitable “How twitter reacted to “AlmsGate”). And after a week or so of this — this is the power of media pressure and online change petitions — the general public would have quietly moved on to some other issue. 
Sorry, I digressed. Back to the restaurant. I could have topped the bill with another Rs.100, but Rs.103 would have been hefty as a tip. The middle-class cheapskate in me would not have let me sleep peacefully that night. 
So what did I do? I went for the third option, which was to pick the bill and pay it with my credit card at the counter and slink off without making any eye contact with the waiter, who, if ever I visit the same restaurant again, is sure to bring my soup after spitting into it. 
The problem with tipping is there is no hard and fast rule to it. In some countries,’ etiquette has it that you leave 15% of the bill amount as a tip. In some others, it is 10%. In some others, possibly pockets of Pakistan, it is good etiquette if you at least pay the bill. In my home town Madurai, it was considered good enough if you give the waiter a warm smile while leaving. But that is Madurai, a place where holding the door for the person coming behind you might be taken as extreme insult: “ Yaen pa, engallukku kai kaal illaiya? ” (“Why man, don’t we have hands and legs?”) 
Modern-day bills also leave you confused about tipping. You are always stumped by ‘service tax’ and ‘service charge’. One is a government levy and the other is a charge by the shop. Here is a handy explainer on what they actually mean: 
Service Tax: You pay 
Service Charge: You pay. 
Okay, here is another definition: Service tax and service charge are totally two different things, but generally combine together to make the bill for the pizza, which you ordered only because the price was marked Rs.199, magically change to Rs. 476 at the time of paying. 
When the bill includes ‘service charge’, it is generally taken that you need not tip. But not all bills include the service charge. But even when it is included, it may not be ‘totally’ included. Which, of course, means, you are even more unsure as to how much to tip. 
Even more of a toughie is the scene at pricey hotels when you are on tour. At a fancy hotel you should be prepared to tip basically your annual provident fund payments. Even if you are travelling alone and carrying just a duffel bag, the moment you arrive at the hotel, the staff there will dart towards you, while one will open the car door and before you tip him a ten or twenty, another will reach for your small bag and without waiting for you, carry it towards the reception desk probably situated 60-70 metres away and deposit there (cue for you to slip in another ten or twenty), from where another staff will pick it up and take it to the lift located 20 metres away and travel with you all the way to the floor where your room is and then leave you when you pay him twenty or fifty) whereupon another person will materialise from nowhere to purvey something (“This water bottle is a compliment from the hotel, sir”) and also tell you how to operate the TV and AC (“Here is the switch and you have to turn it on”), but by this time you would have totally run out of all loose change and you will have no other go but to tip him a 100. When you are eventually through with the stay you would probably have tipped everyone and everything, including bathroom fixtures, and may want to leave sliding via the drainpipe without anyone noticing. 
But tipping is important and a basic courtesy extended to any service or work done. But not to trouble you in this demonetised time, I don’t mind cheques.",0
10436,These Syrian Refugees Just Nailed The Mannequin Challenge!,"0 Add Comment 
A GROUP of over a thousand civilians fleeing from the civil war in Syria have taken the time to pull off one of the best mannequin challenges we’ve ever seen, in a 4-minute video lighting the internet on fire right now! 
The mannequin challenge, the latest craze sweeping through social media platforms at the minute, involves groups of people posing stock-still as a camera roves around them, with everyone from the Portuguese football team to Michelle Obama to a group of lads at a house party in Stillorgan taking part. 
All those videos pale in comparison, however, to the epic one-take shot filmed in the war-torn region of Aleppo in which 976 men, women, children and babies are shown staying perfectly still, with poses ranging from “half-buried underneath a collapsed hospital” to “clutching throat as the lungs fill with chlorine gas”. 
“With the mannequin challenge, you’ll always see one person blink or sway, but not in this one,” posted Mark Lennings, a 26-year-old internet user who shared the video on his Facebook page. 
“You’d nearly swear they were actually mannequins. But that can’t be the case, because if this kind of thing was really happening to these people, we’d be talking about it more than we’re talking about a viral game that serves only to fill our timelines with nonsense so we don’t have to cope with the realities of this world. In fact, it’s the best viral video to come out of the country since the ice-bucket challenge they filmed in the Mediterranean last year”. 
It is really up there with the best we’ve seen, to view the epic video, click HERE.",0
10437,"Comment on Genius Child Arrested, Interrogated, and Thrown in Juvi by Hero Cops for Making a Homemade Clock by brian hodge","Home / Badge Abuse / Genius Child Arrested, Interrogated, and Thrown in Juvi by Hero Cops for Making a Homemade Clock Genius Child Arrested, Interrogated, and Thrown in Juvi by Hero Cops for Making a Homemade Clock John Vibes September 16, 2015 326 Comments 
Irving, TX – An intelligent and talented 9th grader was arrested this week for bringing a homemade clock into school. 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed is interested in electronics and has taught himself how to make his own radios and other devices. He can even repair his own go-kart. 
Recently, he made a clock that he was proud of so he decided to take it into school and show his classmates and teachers. Sadly, instead of celebrating his achievement, one of his teachers called the police on him because they thought that it might be a bomb. 
When the police arrived, they took the threat seriously and believed that it could be a bomb as well, even though it obviously wasn’t. Eventually, the police charged him with making a clock and misrepresenting it as a bomb, even though he consistently told everyone that it was a clock, and denied that it was a bomb when the teachers or the police suggested it. 
The young man was then handcuffed and taken to a juvenile detention center, and his clock was taken and put in an evidence room. He was also suspended from school and was unable to attend a student council meeting that he was scheduled to be a part of. 
“Here in high school, none of the teachers know what I can do,” Ahmed told Dallas News after the incident. 
He then explained that when he showed his engineering teacher what he created, he was warned not to show it to the other teachers. 
“He was like, ‘That’s really nice, I would advise you not to show any other teachers’,” Ahmed said. 
He then kept the clock in his bag until his English class when the alarm went off and disturbed his teacher. After the class, Ahmed showed his teacher what was making the noise, and she accused him of bringing a bomb to school. 
“She was like, it looks like a bomb,” he said. 
“I told her, ‘It doesn’t look like a bomb to me,’” he explained. 
The teacher took the clock from him and he had expected that was the end of it. However, towards the end of the day, Ahmed was pulled out of class and taken to a room filled with police officers. 
He said that the officers then attempted to get him to admit that he tried to make a bomb. 
“They were like, ‘So you tried to make a bomb? ’” Ahmed said. 
“I told them no, I was trying to make a clock.” 
The officer then told him, “ ‘It looks like a movie bomb to me.’” 
The police even admit that Ahmed never once said the device was a bomb, and they never had any reason to believe that it actually was one, but the police still seemed to think he was lying about something, even though they didn’t have any proof. 
“We have no information that he claimed it was a bomb. He kept maintaining it was a clock, but there was no broader explanation,” police spokesman James McLellan said. 
“It could reasonably be mistaken as a device if left in a bathroom or under a car. The concern was, what was this thing built for? Do we take him into custody?” he added. 
They couldn’t possibly imagine that a young man would want to teach himself a valuable skill and share his achievement with his teachers. 
“They thought, ‘How could someone like this build something like this unless it’s a threat?’,” Ahmed said. 
Ahmed’s father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed believes that his family is being discriminated against. 
“He just wants to invent good things for mankind, but because his name is Mohamed and because of Sept. 11, I think my son got mistreated,” he said. 
There has since been an outpour of support on social media since Ahmed’s story went public. He has even gotten support from Mark Z and President Obama. Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great. 
— President Obama (@POTUS) September 16, 2015 
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work , he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference , which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com. Share John Lloyd Scharf 
I did that. As a Vietnam Vet who spent a great deal of time in the Philippines when they were under martial law, life, liberty, and public safety are too precious to let slip. Every time a citizen is persecuted, the Terrorists win. That is the point of terrorism. Destruction alone is not the object. Having us turn on each other is. A draconian law enforcement suits the political purposes by creating innocent martyrs. When they violate the laws they are paid to enforce and threaten the public safety they are sworn to protect, we lose our liberty and the TERRORISTS win. John Lloyd Scharf 
I did that. As a Vietnam Vet who spent a great deal of time in the Philippines when they were under martial law, life, liberty, and public safety are too precious to let slip. Every time a citizen is persecuted, the Terrorists win. That is the point of terrorism. Destruction alone is not the object. Having us turn on each other is. A draconian law enforcement suits the political purposes by creating innocent martyrs. When they violate the laws they are paid to enforce and threaten the public safety they are sworn to protect, we lose our liberty and the TERRORISTS win. Dania Chaviano 
everything happens for a reason… now he has a direct invite from the president of the united states to visit the white house and a message from Mark to visit facebook head quarters and now a nation behind him in support of his brilliant mind and talent… i know it still doesnt change the shitty stuff that happened due to peoples sheer ignorance and discrimination but the positive i think out ways the negative now! Dania Chaviano 
everything happens for a reason… now he has a direct invite from the president of the united states to visit the white house and a message from Mark to visit facebook head quarters and now a nation behind him in support of his brilliant mind and talent… i know it still doesnt change the shitty stuff that happened due to peoples sheer ignorance and discrimination but the positive i think out ways the negative now! Miguel Angel Coria 
It’s not the kid’s fault or the cops, I believe it’s hollywood and the media creating a string of stereotypical “racism” in our minds, we see muslim we think terrorism, the cop only acted on basic instinct I believe it would be smart to start a project putting an end to stereotypes. There exists a possibility it might work. Just thinking away Miguel Angel Coria 
I’m assuming your african american because i actually went into your page, took time to form an idea before I got offended, but just from your comments i’m realizing your just as ignorant as rednecks. People who realize they can’t win in an intellectual debate do they directly start offending their opponent, you might as well start wearing a Donald Trump shirt and watching duck dynasty. Because the problem is that Government separates people by race, religion, or beliefs. They way they can’t stand together against them. Try researching information before going and thinking your right about everything you say. I’m Douglas Brigham 
Cops fuck up its not the cops fault. 
I guess it’s also not Dylan Roof fault that he killed 9 people. Because of the media. 
SMH Beth Pucku 
I’m Canadian and love all you. Obama is obviously trying to switch over the American people brain washing from hating Muslim to loving them cos Obama knows he’s killing all thses people over seas to get the oil to feed the industrial military war machine. 
I’m reading an article, generating my own thought about it and creating an idea that might help solve the issue ? And what are you doing about it? Small minded people discuss other people. Average minded people discuss events, Critical thinkers discuss ideas. Aimee Hernandez 
Miguel your initial comment is very basic n ambiguous. You appear to contradict yourself to say the least. What “idea” are you creating to solve the issue? Perhaps you should take a couple steps back, not just one, but a couple sir. I can construe an opinion based on the few comments you have posted. FYI you can’t be part of the solution when your basic mentality is part of the issue. With all due respect read some more….a lot more then pretend to have some sort of “intellictual” debate. Just saying … Miguel Angel Coria 
I’ll leave it plain and simple so you and your friend can understand, I stated my opinion, and an idea (Not the exact blue print). I never stated any of those as a fact. I try and help by spreading thought process but it’s people like you and your friend who go around acting like overseers deciding what is wrong and what is right. I read, I watch, I think. I don’t offend people directly or insult people who try and improve and give opinion. So re-read the post and all it’s comments think about it for a second and just like in elementary school if you have nothing nice to say, don’t say anything. Go to your hompage and on will find a tab that say’s “what’s on your mind today” go ahead click and go crazy. Have a great day ma’am Miguel Angel Coria 
It’s not the kid’s fault or the cops, I believe it’s hollywood and the media creating a string of stereotypical “racism” in our minds, we see muslim we think terrorism, the cop only acted on basic instinct I believe it would be smart to start a project putting an end to stereotypes. There exists a possibility it might work. Just thinking away Miguel Angel Coria 
I’m assuming your african american because i actually went into your page, took time to form an idea before I got offended, but just from your comments i’m realizing your just as ignorant as rednecks. People who realize they can’t win in an intellectual debate do they directly start offending their opponent, you might as well start wearing a Donald Trump shirt and watching duck dynasty. Because the problem is that Government separates people by race, religion, or beliefs. They way they can’t stand together against them. Try researching information before going and thinking your right about everything you say. I’m Douglas Brigham 
Cops fuck up its not the cops fault. 
I guess it’s also not Dylan Roof fault that he killed 9 people. Because of the media. 
SMH Beth Pucku 
I’m Canadian and love all you. Obama is obviously trying to switch over the American people brain washing from hating Muslim to loving them cos Obama knows he’s killing all thses people over seas to get the oil to feed the industrial military war machine. 
I’m reading an article, generating my own thought about it and creating an idea that might help solve the issue ? And what are you doing about it? Small minded people discuss other people. Average minded people discuss events, Critical thinkers discuss ideas. Aimee Hernandez 
Miguel your initial comment is very basic n ambiguous. You appear to contradict yourself to say the least. What “idea” are you creating to solve the issue? Perhaps you should take a couple steps back, not just one, but a couple sir. I can construe an opinion based on the few comments you have posted. FYI you can’t be part of the solution when your basic mentality is part of the issue. With all due respect read some more….a lot more then pretend to have some sort of “intellictual” debate. Just saying … Miguel Angel Coria 
I’ll leave it plain and simple so you and your friend can understand, I stated my opinion, and an idea (Not the exact blue print). I never stated any of those as a fact. I try and help by spreading thought process but it’s people like you and your friend who go around acting like overseers deciding what is wrong and what is right. I read, I watch, I think. I don’t offend people directly or insult people who try and improve and give opinion. So re-read the post and all it’s comments think about it for a second and just like in elementary school if you have nothing nice to say, don’t say anything. Go to your hompage and on will find a tab that say’s “what’s on your mind today” go ahead click and go crazy. Have a great day ma’am 
Yea and my penis looks like it can make it in the Porn Industry! Lmao Police IQ at an all time LOW! 
Yea and my penis looks like it can make it in the Porn Industry! Lmao Police IQ at an all time LOW! Keith Buck 
Of course not. How could I? I only spent 18 years in the public school system. I completed an apprenticeship and proceeded to teach up to five people at a time during the work week. As for police. Again how could I? I’ve only spent 31 years being surrounded by them and having them in my family. Lady, before you accuse someone of not knowing what they’re talking about. Make sure that you actually do. Keith Buck 
Of course not. How could I? I only spent 18 years in the public school system. I completed an apprenticeship and proceeded to teach up to five people at a time during the work week. As for police. Again how could I? I’ve only spent 31 years being surrounded by them and having them in my family. Lady, before you accuse someone of not knowing what they’re talking about. Make sure that you actually do. 
“Looks like a movie bomb to me.” 
He should stop watching movies and start actually do his job properly… 
Hollywood obviously messed up his rational thinking… 
“Looks like a movie bomb to me.” 
He should stop watching movies and start actually do his job properly… 
Hollywood obviously messed up his rational thinking… 
I DO NOT agree with arresting him, taking him to juvi., etc 
But SERIOUSLY…..he had to know how that looks to people. 
I DO NOT agree with arresting him, taking him to juvi., etc 
But SERIOUSLY…..he had to know how that looks to people. Louis Edward Francis Mills 
Get’s to the station and after 1 day it’s like: “Hey seargeant, you were meant to take your medicine”. “Thanks Ahmed”. “Hey inspector, 7.30, time to call your wife.”“Hey, you’re right Ahmed, thanks buddy.”“Excuse me chief, didn’t that squad say they would be back at 9.15? It’s 9.17 exactly, sir.”“Right you are Ahmed”. IT’S OBVIOUS THEY SIMPLY WANTED A WORKING CLOCK AND SOMEONE WHO KNEW HOW TO READ IT! Louis Edward Francis Mills 
Get’s to the station and after 1 day it’s like: “Hey seargeant, you were meant to take your medicine”. “Thanks Ahmed”. “Hey inspector, 7.30, time to call your wife.”“Hey, you’re right Ahmed, thanks buddy.”“Excuse me chief, didn’t that squad say they would be back at 9.15? It’s 9.17 exactly, sir.”“Right you are Ahmed”. IT’S OBVIOUS THEY SIMPLY WANTED A WORKING CLOCK AND SOMEONE WHO KNEW HOW TO READ IT! 
…so a high school asked me to come in and do a presentation on what I do. I was going to bring in a bunch of circuit boards… 
Guess I better rethink that? oh wait! My name is not Mohammed… I should be good. 
…so a high school asked me to come in and do a presentation on what I do. I was going to bring in a bunch of circuit boards… 
Guess I better rethink that? oh wait! My name is not Mohammed… I should be good. 
OUTRAGEOUS! IT IS TIME EVERYONE IS HELD ACCOUNTABLE ABOLISH QUALIFIED IMMUNITY FOR COPS ! ** Arrest, charge, indict and convict cops for the crimes they commit under the color of law! CHARGE THEIR COMMANDERS AS ACCESSORIES TO THE CRIMES that their subordinates commit and police will STOP victimizing the public.*** NO MORE SPECIAL GRAND JURIES FOR COPS!**** HOLD JUDGES ACCOUNTABLE for light sentencing handed down to criminal cops.*** CHARGE JUDGES AND DISTRICT ATTORNEYS WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE when they refuse to prosecute cops for criminal misconduct. Police who SHOOT PETS should be held accountable and charged with animal abuse! THEY SHOULD GET MANDATORY JAIL TIME FOR KILLING PETS! 
OUTRAGEOUS! IT IS TIME EVERYONE IS HELD ACCOUNTABLE ABOLISH QUALIFIED IMMUNITY FOR COPS ! ** Arrest, charge, indict and convict cops for the crimes they commit under the color of law! CHARGE THEIR COMMANDERS AS ACCESSORIES TO THE CRIMES that their subordinates commit and police will STOP victimizing the public.*** NO MORE SPECIAL GRAND JURIES FOR COPS!**** HOLD JUDGES ACCOUNTABLE for light sentencing handed down to criminal cops.*** CHARGE JUDGES AND DISTRICT ATTORNEYS WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE when they refuse to prosecute cops for criminal misconduct. Police who SHOOT PETS should be held accountable and charged with animal abuse! THEY SHOULD GET MANDATORY JAIL TIME FOR KILLING PETS! Edward Johnson 
Back when I was growing up science fair and art fair projects were encouraged. In high school I had students left and right along with some teachers ask me to fix their Walkman or boombox radio. It was a big boost to my self esteem in the work force.More came with experience. The teachers who had this boy arrested or in no way teachers anymore after the trauma they put him through. Edward Johnson 
Back when I was growing up science fair and art fair projects were encouraged. In high school I had students left and right along with some teachers ask me to fix their Walkman or boombox radio. It was a big boost to my self esteem in the work force.More came with experience. The teachers who had this boy arrested or in no way teachers anymore after the trauma they put him through. 
It’s not rocket science. Denounce Islam. The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim The Beltway Snipers were Muslims The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim The underwear Bomber was a Muslim The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims The London Subway Bombers were Muslims The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims The Bombay & Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims’ 
Think of it: 
Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No Problem Hindus living with Jews = No Problem Christians living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Baha’is = No Problem Baha’is living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Sikhs = No Problem Sikhs living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Baha’is = No Problem Baha’is living with Christians = No Problem Christians living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Hindus = No Problem 
Muslims living with Hindus = Problem Muslims living with Buddhists = Problem Muslims living with Christians = Problem Muslims living with Jews = Problem Muslims living with Sikhs = Problem Muslims living with Baha’is = Problem Muslims living with Shintos = Problem Muslims living with Atheists = Problem MUSLIMS LIVING WITH MUSLIMS = BIG PROBLEM 
SO THIS LEAD TO They’re not happy in Gaza They’re not happy in Egypt They’re not happy in Libya They’re not happy in Morocco They’re not happy in Iran They’re not happy in Iraq They’re not happy in Yemen They’re not happy in Afghanistan They’re not happy in Pakistan They’re not happy in Syria They’re not happy in Lebanon They’re not happy in Nigeria They’re not happy in Kenya They’re not happy in Sudan 
So, where are they happy? They’re happy in Australia They’re happy in England They’re happy in Belgium They’re happy in France They’re happy in Italy They’re happy in Germany They’re happy in Sweden They’re happy in the USA & Canada They’re happy in Norway & India They’re happy in almost every country that is not Islamic! And who do they blame? Not Islam… Not their leadership… Not themselves… THEY BLAME THE COUNTRIES THEY ARE HAPPY IN!! And they want to change the countries they’re happy in, to be like the countries they came from where they were unhappy and finally they will be get hammered !!!! 
Islamic Jihad: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION ISIS: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Qaeda: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Taliban: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hamas: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hezbollah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Boko Haram: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Nusra: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abu Sayyaf: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Badr: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Muslim Brotherhood: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Lashkar-e-Taiba: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Palestine Liberation Front: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Ansaru: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Jemaah Islamiyah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abdullah Azzam Brigades: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION AND A LOT MORE 
It’s not rocket science. Denounce Islam. The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim The Beltway Snipers were Muslims The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim The underwear Bomber was a Muslim The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims The London Subway Bombers were Muslims The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims The Bombay & Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims’ 
Think of it: 
Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No Problem Hindus living with Jews = No Problem Christians living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Baha’is = No Problem Baha’is living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Sikhs = No Problem Sikhs living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Baha’is = No Problem Baha’is living with Christians = No Problem Christians living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Hindus = No Problem 
Muslims living with Hindus = Problem Muslims living with Buddhists = Problem Muslims living with Christians = Problem Muslims living with Jews = Problem Muslims living with Sikhs = Problem Muslims living with Baha’is = Problem Muslims living with Shintos = Problem Muslims living with Atheists = Problem MUSLIMS LIVING WITH MUSLIMS = BIG PROBLEM 
SO THIS LEAD TO They’re not happy in Gaza They’re not happy in Egypt They’re not happy in Libya They’re not happy in Morocco They’re not happy in Iran They’re not happy in Iraq They’re not happy in Yemen They’re not happy in Afghanistan They’re not happy in Pakistan They’re not happy in Syria They’re not happy in Lebanon They’re not happy in Nigeria They’re not happy in Kenya They’re not happy in Sudan 
So, where are they happy?",0
10438,Donald Trump’s Nightmare Comes True 10 Days Before Election – This Could Ruin EVERYTHING!,"0 comments 
With just 10 days to go before the most important election of our lifetime, Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans are soaring in the polls. The Friday announcement that the FBI would be re-opening its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s personal email server has not helped matters for Democrats, either. 
But none of this will matter if they are able to manipulate the vote. According to MRC Blog , that’s why the left is going to drastic measures to drum up Democratic voters, expanding voting rights to include non-citizens in major cities nationwide. 
The latest notable city to do so is San Francisco, whose Election Day ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city’s public schools to vote in school board elections. Under this measure, people with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all would be allowed to vote. 
San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, who believes illegal aliens should be allowed to vote to bypass the “broken immigration system in this country,” made the following statement: 
“One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn’t have a voice. We’ve had legal immigrants who’ve had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.” 
Chiu is the son of Taiwanese immigrants. 
It is no secret that the vast majority of illegal aliens vote Democrat, because that is the party which is incessantly trying to buy their loyalty with an endless stream of handouts and promises of blanket amnesty. If it weren’t so, we wouldn’t see all of these liberals pushing so hard to give illegals voting rights; they simply do so because it works in their favor, not because it is actually good for anyone. 
Major cities from sea to shining sea are following San Francisco’s lead, which is just one more very important reason to vote for Donald Trump on Nov. 8. We need to turn this country around and FAST!",0
10439,WATCH: CNN Devotes Two Segments to Trump’s ’Executive Privilege’ for Eating Two Scoops of Ice Cream - Breitbart,"CNN devoted not one, but two segments on how President Trump got two scoops of ice cream while his dinner guests only got one as the network tried to pass off a “scoop” about the president’s eating habits as news.[  In a segment titled, “Two scoops for Trump,” CNN’s Jeanne Moos talks about Trump’s “executive privilege” for receiving two scoops of ice cream while the three TIME magazine correspondents he had dinner with only got one. The TIME magazine correspondents made sure to take note of the disparity between the food given to the president and the food they were served in a profile called “Donald Trump After Hours,” the profile the segment was based on. “At the dessert course, he gets two scoops of vanilla ice cream with his chocolate cream pie, instead of the single scoop for everyone else,” TIME’s Michael Scherer and Zeke Miller wrote. “With the salad course, Trump is served what appears to be Thousand Island dressing instead of the creamy vinaigrette for his guests,” they added. But this was not the only segment CNN devoted to the subject. CNN also gave airtime to an interview between CNN’s Brooke Baldwin and CNN political reporter and    Chris Cillizza with the headline, “President Gets Two Scoops of Ice Cream, Everyone Else One. ” “The President gets two scoops, you know, everyone around the table gets one, and no word if there were sprinkles,” Baldwin commented. “Right, well, the broader point here is, the White House staff has adapted to Donald Trump’s case,” CNN political reporter and    Chris Cillizza responded. “So, when everyone else gets water, he gets a diet coke. When everybody gets one scoop of ice cream, he gets two. ” Fox News host Sean Hannity mocked CNN for its “  coverage. ” Thanks for the hard hitting news on your network @jaketapperhttps:  .  #Hannity,  —   Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 11, 2017,  “Thanks for the   news on your network,” Hannity wrote on Twitter. Others, however, thought Trump’s ice cream habits were worth mentioning. @davidfrum a man unable to restrain his urges,  —   Jennifer Rubin (@JRubinBlogger) May 11, 2017,  “This explains a lot,” the Atlantic’s David Frum wrote on Twitter, to which Jennifer Rubin of the Washington Post responded saying that Trump is “a man unable to restrain his urges. ”",0
10440,11 Things To Let Go Of Before The New Year,"The new year is almost here and it’s often a time when we all start to think about what we want to change for the next year. I’ve never been much a fan of the whole cliche of changing because of the new year, but why not embrace it as a time where we can make change?
Do a quick reflection right now. Do you feel like you have followed your dreams and passions this past year? Do you feel you got caught up in the stresses of life quite often? Did you feel judgement, negative self talk and anger were a big part of your days? Reflecting on how you’ve felt over your year and being honest with yourself about it gives you the chance to know how to adjust and move forward from this moment forward whether it be the new year or not.
I’ve found in my own life that if I don’t pay attention to how I feel, what I create, what’s playing out in my life and take responsibility for it, it doesn’t change. It stays the same, I experience the same emotions or stagnant feelings, and I don’t move forward. But the moment I decide to take it into my own hands, I see how much I’m not a victim to what happens.
11 Things To Let Go of Before the New year 1. Stop all the negative self talk – It’s first because it’s probably one of the most important. The more we talk poorly about ourselves to ourselves or others, the more we disempower ourselves and empower all the things we wish to adjust about ourselves. Observe it, take note of it, and kick it. It’s not helping you.
2. Choose one bad eating habit and kick it! – Taking care of and fuelling your vessel is one of the most important things we can do in life to stay mentally, emotionally and spiritually healthy. Pick one of your worst eating habits and aim to cut it out completely in 3 months. Whatever it might be, be honest with yourself and make it happen. Then take on the next bad eating habit in 3 months.
3. Let go of chasing ‘success’ – So often we put up goals or plans for ourselves yet have this tiny limited scope of what success is. Next thing you know we bring stress, worry and fear into the equation throughout the whole journey because we may not be totally in line to hit this pin prick point of what success looks like to us. Instead, do your best to take the steps needed to get to where you want to go, but let go of the lure of success and what it looks like and means. There’s no such thing as failure. (more) 
4. Kick the idea that you cannot achieve or follow your dreams – So often we have our ideas of what we are excited or passionate about, but let it go because we think we can’t do it or because it’s unrealistic. Instead of believing every word of that, take ONE step. One step towards making your passion or your dreams happen. The one step will lead to the next and the next, but you have to take the first one. Plan out that first step and take it!
5. Let go of the idea that you should run from your problems – We often get into this mentality that we just need to “get over it.” In theory this sounds sorta good, you move on from things that happen in the past or something to that effect. But by just forgetting about it, did we really move on? No, it gets triggered again later or lies dormant as a resented event etc. Instead, let’s face our problems and truly move past them. Journal about it, talk to someone else about it. Put the cards on the table to someone who cares about you and who can help you move past it. Pick someone who will see the bigger picture and be honest with you. You have all it takes to move past what challenges you.
6. Stop comparing yourself to others – This is a big one. So often we are looking at others and using what they have, do or are to compare it against us and make up a story. This whole game can make us sad or feel down about ourselves or it can feed our ego in a big way. Let it go, respect everyone’s journey, including your own and stop the need to compare yourself to others.
7. Stop judging others – Judging other people can become a habit and an addiction. It’s like something we can’t stop doing sometimes! Take a moment the next time you judge someone and observe it. Ask yourself why you did it, how did it make you feel? Etc. Make a conscious effort to stop. (more) 
8. Stop the blame game – Blaming and pointing fingers when it comes to our challenges or what happens to us doesn’t allow us to look at and observe how we might have created or aligned with an experience to help make it happen. I’m not saying there’s no such things others can do to hurt you, I’m simply saying take responsibility for how you feel and don’t even point blame, it doesn’t help us.
9. Stop worrying and trying so hard to fit in and be accepted – This is something far too many of us do just to save face and not be “the weird one.” The reality is, it’s more ‘weird’ to be a version of yourself that isn’t genuine or real simply because you want to be accepted by others. It’s a choice you can’t maintain forever and the longer it goes the more uncomfortable you will feel. Be you, accept yourself, be genuine and don’t try to make others do the same when. Let it happen. Trust.
10. Let go of the need to control everything – Sometimes we can’t take a step forward in anything because we don’t know all the answers or all the variables. This is our obsession with control sometimes. Yes, observe a situation and make the best choices available to you, but don’t worry so much about needing to control or know every detail about it. Learn to leave things up to trust and knowing that things will work out as they need to. This doesn’t mean be reckless, just that you don’t need to control every thing, person and detail.
11. Stop procrastinating – This one goes with everything on the list. Stop putting it all off. Whatever it may be. The changes listed above, the hobby you want to, the career you want to explore, or the thing you want to tell to someone important to you. Stop putting it off and just do it!
",0
10441,"Comment on Are the Obamas, the Clintons and the Bushes going to seek refuge in Countries that don’t Extradite to the US if Trump Wins? by marlene","Posted on October 26, 2016 by Tony Elliott 
It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clintons have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank , via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself, Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn’t plan to allow herself to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States , thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office, he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal email server. All the way to gun running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi . 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million dollar seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016 , another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama’s purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams. However, over the last several months, these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true . Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property, as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11 , the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bushes plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Courtesy of Freedom Outpost 
Tony Elliott is an established writer with articles in over 20 publications of differing topics. Political Commentary Columnist for the Cimarron News Press in Cimarron, New Mexico from 2001 to 2003. He was also a regular writer for several small coastal newspapers in Southern Oregon during the early 1990’s. BOOKS: Aura Visions: The Origin Prophecy , Enviroclowns: The Climate Change Circus , Strange Sounds: A Research Report Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
10442,Joy Behar: Republican Party ’Enabling’ Trump’s ’Mental Illness on a Daily Basis’ - Breitbart,"Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” during the panel discussion on President Donald Trump’s recent round of interviews,   Joy Behar diagnosed Trump with “mental illness. ”  Behar said, “You know what, I’m trying to be mean. Something’s wrong with this guy. Something is wrong. There’s something seriously wrong about this man, and I’ve been saying it for months  …    Yes. something is wrong with him. The Republican party is enabling the mental illness on a daily basis. ” She added, “You know the mental illness theory that I have, the derangement theory, I think Andrew Jackson in his portrait is talking to Trump. Like Son of Sam and like Nixon. Nixon if you recall, Whoopi, you were around  …    He was talking to the portraits and the portraits were talking to him. And Andrew Jackson is saying, you’re the best, you’re the greatest, and he likes that. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10443,"Mexico Declares Marijuana Use ""Human Right"" In Supreme Court","Mexico Declares Marijuana Use “Human Right” In Supreme Court page: 1 The Mexican Supreme Court ruled by 4 to 1 that banning the consumption and cultivation of cannabis for personal use violates the human right to free development of one’s personality. … … Freedom To Smoke a Human Right. It's about damn time! For a long time now, people have been fighting for the basic human right of being able to consume whatever substances they wish, and do with their personal property (the human body) as they see fit. This is especially true of cannabis, which has a long list of medicinal benefits. In spite of its minor adverse effects (which pale in comparison to alcohol and cigarettes) people in the United States, and other parts of the world, are still being locked up for simply using the “miracle plant” to help combat disease and pain. Mexico, however, often demonized as being backwards by their Norther neighbors, has ruled that smoking marijuana should be a basic human right! edit on 26-10-2016 by Encryptor because: (no reason given) new topics",0
10444,Report Exposes Inner Workings of Facebook and How Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed,"Posted on October 31, 2016 by Claire Bernish 
Censorship by Facebook has become a thorn in the side of nearly anyone with an opinion differing from the narrative touted by the corporate press — for instance, sentiments not praising Hillary Clinton — and now, through both a new report from Reuters and emails published by Wikileaks, we have insight into why certain posts are targeted. 
Facebook relies on a combination of artificial intelligence and human judgment to remove posts deemed offensive, violent, or otherwise unacceptable to its community standards — but precisely how the ultimate call to take down posts, pages, and groups are made remains unknown. 
And Facebook takedowns, no matter the improvements to the process the social media behemoth claims to make, have been no less controversial or questionable — and those whose posts are censored have little if any recourse to argue their case. 
Recent examples of head-scratchers which led to an international uproar, include Facebook’s removal of the iconic Vietnam War photograph of Phan Thị Kim Phúc — who, at just 9-years-old, was captured on film by an Associated Press photographer fleeing the aftermath of an errant napalm attack near a Buddhist pagoda in the village of Trang Bang. 
That photograph helped cement in the collective American mind the horrors of the war, and ultimately fueled the success of the anti-war effort — but Facebook arbitrarily pulled the image for nudity — and proceeded even to ban the page of the Conservative prime minister of Norway for also posting the image. 
Ultimately, the social media company reversed course in that case — but not before also taking down the equally iconic image of civil rights leader Rosa Park’s arrest. 
But taking down of the image of Kim Phúc might not have been simply an error of AI, since it had been used as a specific example in training the teams responsible for content removal, two unnamed former Facebook employees told Reuters . 
“Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy, despite its historical significance, because it depicted a naked child, in distress, photographed without her consent, the employees told Reuters.” 
In the final decision to reverse that censorship, Facebook head of the community operations division, Justin Osofsky, admitted it had been a “mistake.” 
According to Reuters , to whom many current and former Facebook employees spoke on condition of anonymity, the process of judging which posts deserve to be remove and which should be allowed will, in certain instances, be left to the discretion of a small cadre of the company’s elite executives. 
In addition to Osofsky, Global Policy Chief Monika Bickert; government relations chief, Joel Kaplan; vice president for public policy and communications, Elliot Schrage; and Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg make the final call on censorship and appeals. 
“All five studied at Harvard, and four of them have both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the elite institution. All but Sandberg hold law degrees. Three of the executives have longstanding personal ties to Sandberg,” the outlet notes. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also occasionally offers guidance in difficult decisions. But there are others. 
Company spokeswoman Christine Chen explained, “Facebook has a broad, diverse and global network involved in content policy and enforcement, with different managers and senior executives being pulled in depending on the region and the issue at hand.” 
For those on the receiving end of what could only be described as lopsided and inexplicable censorship, recourse is generally limited and can be nearly impossible to come by. Often, the nature of posts and pages removed insinuates political motivations on the part of the censors. 
Indeed, and once again flaring international controversy, Facebook disabled , among others, the accounts of editors of Quds and Shehab New Agency — prominent Palestinian media organizations — without explanation or even a specific example given for justification. 
Although three of four Palestinian-focused accounts were restored, Facebook refused to comment to either Reuters or the accounts’ owners why the decision was reversed, except to say it had been an ‘error.’ 
In fact, although Chen and other Facebook insiders spoke with Reuters directly about contentious content removal policies and procedures, many details of the processes remain covert and sorely intransparent to the public who is so often forced to cope with the consequences. 
Earlier this year, an exposé by Gizmodo showing Facebook’s suppression of conservative outlets via its “Trending Topics” section appeared to evidence extreme bias in favor of liberal and corporate media mainstays. Alternative media, too, which provides reports counter to the mainstream political and foreign policy paradigm, has often been the subject of controversial take-downs, censorship, and suppressive tactics — either directly by Facebook, or through convoluted algorithms and artificial intelligence bots. 
However, considering Sheryl Sandberg and her loyalists populate the top-level group deciding the fate for content removal complaints, it would appear Wikileaks could provide answers for both post censorship and suppression of outlets not vowing complete fealty to the preferred, left-leaning narrative. 
In a June 4, 2015, email to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta — an enormous cache of whose emails are still being published on a daily basis by Wikileaks — penned by Sandberg in response to condolences on the death of her husband, states , in part, 
“And I still want HRC to win badly. I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” 
After a wave of post removals and temporary page bans, it appears Facebook has begun to come to its senses for what actually violates community standards — and what might have political worth contrary to the views of its executives. 
Senior members of Facebook’s policy team recently posted about the laxing of rules governing community standards, which — though welcome — might only provide temporary relief. Quoted by the Wall Street Journal , they wrote : 
“In the weeks ahead, we’re going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy, significant, or important to the public interest—even if they might otherwise violate our standards.” 
While the social media giant deems itself a technology, and not news, platform, Facebook is still the bouncing off point for issues of interest for an overwhelming percentage of its users. Although it perhaps has some responsibility in regard to the removal of certain content, putting censorship in the hands of only a few individuals in certain instances is a chilling reminder of the fragility — and grave importance — of free speech. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
10445,Fair Play in a Fact-Challenged Political Landscape - The New York Times,"The Fourth of July is my favorite holiday. I am from Philadelphia. And I write a column about media. What better way, then, to celebrate the Fourth in this space than to quote that great Philadelphian Benjamin Franklin, an editor and signer of the Declaration of Independence and a founding father of the independent American press? There’s one Franklin statement in particular that has a special resonance right now, something he wrote in his Pennsylvania Gazette: “It is a principle among printers that when truth has fair play, it will always prevail over falsehood. ” The operative phrase is “when truth has fair play. ” Now, think about the last year in global and American politics. Then ask yourself, “Does it?” I can make a pretty strong argument for “does not. ” Exhibit A comes by way of CNN, which waded into new territory a few days ago by hiring Corey Lewandowski, Donald J. Trump’s recently fired campaign manager, as an   commentator. Reporters and media critics have devoted a lot of ink and pixels to Mr. Lewandowski’s hiring. How could the network enlist someone who had been arrested for roughly pulling Michelle Fields, the former Breitbart News reporter, away from Mr. Trump as she tried to interview him at a public event? (Prosecutors in Florida dropped the charges, but they did not dispute the incident.) What kind of message was CNN sending by hiring a political operative associated with some of the most aggressive   behavior in modern political history, an enforcer of the Trump campaign’s media blacklist? But the true journalistic heart stopper was contained in the news that Mr. Lewandowski was bound by what even Mr. Lewandowski described as a “strict confidentiality agreement. ” Neither CNN nor Mr. Lewandowski has provided details about its stipulations (though they should). But The Associated Press unearthed a standard Trump nondisclosure form that prohibits staff from disclosing anything “of a private, proprietary or confidential nature. ” And who gets to decide what should be private and confidential? Mr. Trump, of course. The agreement also includes a   clause. And it applies during employment with Mr. Trump’s campaign and “at all times thereafter,” which is another way of saying “forever. ” It won’t smash the republic. Still, in a small but significant way, Mr. Lewandowski’s hiring represents a signal moment in political journalism’s evolving embrace of political operatives: A major mainstream news organization is using a commentator who is legally prohibited from sharing the unvarnished truth on the subject  —   Mr. Trump  —   he was hired to talk about. Some of the media criticism that followed Mr. Lewandowski’s hiring questioned the ruckus around it, given that television news already has its share of conflicted pundits tied to “super PACs” or clients with business at stake in the political debate. CNN’s thinking apparently holds that Mr. Lewandowski provides   balance for the network at a time when many of its regular Republican analysts are Trump detractors. In that case, they could ask, how does a nondisclosure agreement get in the way of Mr. Lewandowski’s role as a Trump booster? After all, as Paul Farhi of The Washington Post captured so comprehensively last month, all of the television news networks  —   hardly just CNN  —   hire commentators who play specific roles on their panels: “” “” Democrat, Republican centrist, rightist, leftist. In presidential election cycles, such   rates well in the Nielsen numbers. But, going back to my fellow Philadelphian, wise old Ben: What happens to the balance between truth and falsehood when an important portion of the national news media hands the political debate over to partisan operatives who, as a rule, skew the facts  —   or abandon them  —   in the service of their own political ends or business interests? There’s a glaring cautionary answer to be found across the pond, in Britain, where the media is avowedly more partisan, especially in the tabloid newspapers that continue to hold great sway. In the   to the startling vote there to leave the European Union, and for many years before, the larger and more conservative newspapers ran aggressive campaigns pushing for what became known as Brexit. One of the biggest proponents of the exit was former Mayor Boris Johnson of London, who was, after all, a onetime reporter for The Times of London and The Daily Telegraph, where he still writes a column. (He was fired from The Times for fabricating a quote.) As Martin Fletcher, a former associate editor of The Times of London, wrote last week in The New York Times, Mr. Johnson made his name as a journalist writing about the plans of bureaucrats in the European Union to “ban Britain’s favorite potato chips” and “standardize condom sizes. ” The articles, Mr. Fletcher wrote, “bore scant relation to the truth,” but they helped spawn an   Union movement in British journalism just the same. As the vote approached,   newspapers  —   including The Sun, The Daily Mail, The Express and The Telegraph  —   wrote stories that exaggerated how many immigrants were coming to Britain because of its E. U. membership and their effects on social services, reported that Queen Elizabeth II was secretly   and quoted claims from   politicians that Britain was sending 350 million pounds ($464 million) a week to the European Union that could be used instead to shore up the National Health Service. The Independent Press Standards Organization in Britain issued several rulings for inaccuracy  —   including one for the headline “Queen Backs Brexit,” which ran in The Sun. But the partisan press climate meant all facts were up for debate. Nothing could stand out as Platonic truth. After the vote passed, Nigel Farage, a leading Brexit campaigner, said the Vote Leave campaign had been mistaken in saying the savings from the £350 million that supposedly went to the E. U.  —   itself misleading  —   could be used for the health service. That was followed by various expressions of regret by some   voters who now believe they were misled. “The context for the referendum vote was a public which had been poorly” informed, “if not misinformed about the issue,” the former Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger told me. The media in the United States is not quite where Britain’s is in terms of partisanship, though it seems to inch closer every year. And cable news is not the sole driver of political knowledge. But it can be the center ring for political discourse, especially in prime time. What happens there can drive a major campaign theme for the following day or longer. In the case of Mr. Trump’s surrogates, they regularly go on television to push the point of the day from a candidate who, according to the   organization PolitiFact, has asserted more outright falsehoods than all the other candidates who ran for president this year combined. PolitiFact rated 60 percent of Mr. Trump’s statements as false, compared with 13 percent of Hillary Clinton’s. Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter and a commentator on CNN, told the CNN host Brian Stelter that such   analyses were an “elitist,   thing. ” But the amount of falsity on cable news nonetheless requires a lot of    declarations of “that’s nonsense” in a medium that doesn’t provide a lot of room for it. Mr. Lewandowski has frequently wandered past the bounds of truth, including when he said he never touched Ms. Fields. Videotape showed the opposite. To its credit, CNN does have a crew of aggressive anchors like Jake Tapper, Alisyn Camerota and Erin Burnett, all of whom have pushed Mr. Lewandowski for as unvarnished a view of Mr. Trump as he could offer. Mr. Lewandowski told Ms. Burnett he’d call “balls and strikes” in spite of his agreement with Mr. Trump. But when he weighed in on Mr. Trump’s big economic speech last Tuesday, all he saw was a home run (“Mr. Trump’s best speech of the presidential cycle,” he gushed). Mr. Franklin was all for providing a multitude of voices through his press. “When men differ in opinion, both sides ought to equally have the advantage of being heard by the publick,” he wrote in his “Apology for Printers. ” In a twist on the quote I used above, he added, “When truth and error have fair play, the former is always an overmatch for the latter. ” Let’s give it a try.",0
10446,Top New York Restaurants of 2016 - The New York Times,"No one person can review every new restaurant in New York, but not long ago, I felt confident that I could hit all the ones where a customer who had a full dinner and no drinks would spend, say, $125 or more. I didn’t always choose to weigh in, but those cases were rare. Over the last year or so, I started to notice that there were so many places in that price range that even if reviewing them all were possible, it didn’t make a lot of sense. Among Japanese restaurants alone, there were a     omakase places serving cooked food, sushi or some combination. Some I wrote about, some I may circle back to later on, and others left me wishing I had saved room for a second, more interesting meal. Despite what you may read in the comments on some of my reviews, these   meals are not really for “the 1 percent. ” Even the most expensive restaurant is not in the same league as a $25 million apartment over Central Park. Still, the growing distance between the very rich and everybody else is replicated, in miniature and with less alarming implications, in the city’s restaurant scene. So I was encouraged when three   places that were among my 10 favorite restaurants this year bowed to more moderate budgets by adding a shorter, cheaper meal (Aska and Günter Seeger NY) or an à la carte option (Agern). I cheered for Greg Baxtrom, a product of several famous   kitchens, when he brought a similar level of creativity to Olmsted, an affordable neighborhood spot in Brooklyn. And I smiled every time I spotted a bottle of wine for under $55 at Le Coucou, a reformed and refined homage to the fancy   French restaurants that have mostly vanished from New York. Month after month, I was surprised by the good, resourceful kitchens I found squirreled away in spaces that barely qualified as restaurants: wine bars and bar bars and a nostalgic lunch counter called Mr. Donahue’s, where $20 buys a full dinner of American food my grandmother would have recognized. The cost of running a restaurant is notoriously punishing. Often the pain is passed on to us, but sometimes it inspires chefs to think a little harder. This year, those are the restaurants I want to tell you about. They are presented here roughly in the order of the intensity of my desire to go back again, which diverges here and there from the number of stars that flew above their reviews. 1. Le Coucou The genius of this project from the chef Daniel Rose and the restaurateur Stephen Starr is that it gives us almost everything we loved about New York’s   French restaurants without the things we didn’t. The dining room isn’t stuffy, the service isn’t snooty, and people don’t get seated in Siberia if their pronunciation of boeuf bourguignon doesn’t have the right backhand spin. (As far as I can tell, Le Coucou doesn’t have a Siberia.) The wine list covers the historic old appellations of France, but it also embraces emerging ones and exciting regions from other countries while pricing bottles in a range that’s unusually democratic. Meanwhile, Mr. Rose knocks the dust off some archetypal premodern French dishes. Sole Véronique gets its peeled grapes and its   sauce along with a sense of conviction that can’t be faked. The fleecy quenelles of pike,   in a lava flow of sauce Américaine, have a finer flavor than the ones at La Grenouille, which some people still think of as the city’s  . Mr. Rose isn’t simply hauling out museum pieces, though. He’s making them fresh again, and relevant. ★★★ 138 Lafayette Street SoHo    lecoucou. com. 2. Lilia Look around the   dining room, glance at the   menu, and you could be at any number of casual Italian restaurants. Start eating, though, and you realize Lilia has something else going on. That something is Missy Robbins, the chef and owner. She’s a    cook. You don’t see her tricks coming, but you taste them and wonder how she did it. Like Jonathan Waxman at Barbuto, she relaxes the tight grip of Italian cuisine without changing it in ways that are cheap or tortured. It would be easy enough for her to tidy up her seafood appetizers, her main courses of fish and meat grilled on an open fire, and her pastas, which I can never eat without smiling, and serve them in a dressier dining room. It would be hard, though, to make them taste better. ★★★ 567 Union Avenue, Williamsburg, Brooklyn    lilianewyork. com. 3. Mr. Donahue’s This tiny retro lunch counter has the attentiveness to atmosphere of a period movie. The lighting has a diffuse, analog softness. The music sounds like a Jonathan Schwartz radio broadcast with the soliloquies about Sinatra edited out. The most remarkable bid for nostalgia is the food proffer: an   main course like roast beef or a nearly   meatloaf of   beef, with a good sauce and a choice of two carefully considered sides for $19. 99. The counter stools and handful of table seats aren’t as hard to come by as you’d expect, possibly because Mr. Donahue’s isn’t particularly celebratory. It has a contemplative, almost wistful mood. If that happens to be your mood, too, I can’t think of a more congenial place to eat well downtown. ★★ 203 Mott Street, NoLIta    mrdonahues. com. 4. Le Coq Rico The Alsatian chef Antoine Westermann has built a   bistro that’s more compelling and carnally satisfying than any modern steakhouse. His star dish is rotisserie chicken, and his secret is buying old breeds raised by farmers who let them feed and mature longer than usual. The meat has a depth of flavor you rarely encounter. Other birds, like duck and squab, play minor but memorable roles on the menu. The dedication to poultry continues with eggs and livers the foie gras is very fine, as you’d expect, but a more telling sign of how much care goes into the ingredients is the plate of gorgeous, creamy chicken livers. The prices can make your eyes pop, but so can the portions. And while Mr. Westermann spends half his time in France, he hasn’t hit autopilot on Le Coq Rico. He was in the house one recent night, and new breeds of chicken have strutted onto the menu since my review. ★★ 30 East 20th Street, Flatiron district    lecoqriconyc. com. 5. Agern The ambitious Nordic invasion of Grand Central Terminal by the Danish entrepreneur Claus Meyer has many facets, including a food hall and a Danish hot dog stall, but Agern is the one that has food worth missing a train for. The chef of this comfortably formal restaurant is Gunnar Gislason, importing the philosophy of cooking with underappreciated ingredients from nearby that he follows at Dill in Reykjavik, Iceland. The beet baked in ashes and salt that is carved at tableside, like a steamship round, may not be as exciting as its ceremony, but like much of the cooking, its flavors are honest and appealing. You can order à la carte or amble through the “field and forest” tasting menu ($140) or a nonvegetarian excursion ($165). Both prices include service and a round and tangy loaf of   sourdough with a memorably crackling crust. ★★★ Grand Central Terminal, 89 East 42nd Street, Midtown East    agernrestaurant. com. 6. Aska “Oh, not a New Nordic tasting menu,” I hear you say. “We had a New Nordic tasting menu last night!” Well, this one has reindeer lichen and the cinders of burned lambs’ hearts  —   you didn’t have that last night, did you? It also has a chef, Fredrik Berselius, who has become very adept at broadening and intensifying the flavors of his ingredients. Some of these are imported, like wild wood pigeon from Scotland. Others are grown or foraged nearby. Mr. Berselius is not dogmatic. He does have his share of strange ideas, but even the odd stuff pays off when you eat it. Upstairs in the selectively lighted dining room, the Unabridged Berselius is a   tasting menu for $215, and the abridged,   version is $145. (All prices include service.) Down in the basement is a casual lounge with small plates, none costing more than $16, although you won’t find any blackened hearts down there. ★★★ 47 South Fifth Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn    askanyc. com. 7. Hao Noodle and Tea by Madam Zhu’s Kitchen Forget about the name. Tea is never mentioned by the servers (though it should be, because it’s good) and noodles may not always be the best thing on the table. It doesn’t matter. There is skillful, contemporary Chinese food all over the menu, and color photographs to let you know what you’re in for. Most of the dishes are drawn from either Beijing, Shanghai or Chongqing. Peppers are not quite everywhere, but they are strongly represented in many dishes. So many fresh green chiles lurk in Madam Zhu’s Spicy Fish Stew that eating it is a contact sport. There is some shading to the cooking, too. I counted three distinct frying styles, and clearly need to return to finish the survey. ★★ 401 Avenue of the Americas, Greenwich Village    madamzhu. com. 8. Günter Seeger NY Two of my meals were stunningly good and pure. A third had a few too many ordinary moments, which kept me from writing a   rave for a restaurant where the only option at the time was a   dinner for $148. Since then, a   $98 menu has been added. If you can swallow either price, then I say: Go. Mr. Seeger, who earned national praise when he was in Atlanta, has a formidable command of classical European techniques, but he keeps his skills in the service of simplicity. Changing the menu every day, he almost seems to undress his ingredients, revealing the beauty of what’s under the surface. It’s   cooking, and watching him pull it off can be thrilling. ★★ 641 Hudson Street, West Village    gunterseegerny. com. 9. Olmsted One problem with the rise of expensive tasting menus is that a lot of culinary intelligence and imagination is locked up inside restaurants that are hard for most people to afford more than once a year, if that. Olmsted’s chef, Greg Baxtrom, worked at some of those places, but he makes his own smart, inventive food inside a Brooklyn spot where I could imagine eating once a week. The carrot crepe with littleneck clams, an immediate Instagram star, is both a novelty and a fine way to start dinner. Prices are kept in line in part through affordable ingredients like guinea hen, roasted and confitted in a memorable main course. There’s an inviting garden where you can have drinks and elevated bar snacks while inspecting the backyard agriculture. Homegrown kale greens up Olmsted’s take on crab Rangoon, while eggs are supplied, one at a time, by a resident pair of quail. As of Sunday, they’ve weathered their first winter snow. ★★ 659 Vanderbilt Avenue, Prospect Heights    olmstednyc. com. 10. Llama Inn As far as I’m concerned, there ought to be two Peruvian restaurants in every New York neighborhood. One would serve rotisserie chicken, and the other would present more adventurous pieces of that country’s kaleidoscopic cuisine, as Erik Ramirez does at Llama Inn. Mr. Ramirez makes an excellent ceviche and a tiradito whose marinade looks on the plate like lightly reduced Tang and tastes spicy, fruity and quietly thrilling. He also makes the only quinoa salad I’ve ever looked at without feeling pity, either for the salad or for myself. ★★ 50 Withers Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn    llamainnnyc. com.",0
10447,"As Saudi Crown Prince Meets Trump, King Salman Arrives in Beijing for Economic Talks - Breitbart","King Salman of Saudi Arabia has departed Japan and arrived in Beijing where he and President Xi Jinping are expected to discuss expanding economic ties between their two nations, shortly after Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman completed his visit to the White House Tuesday. [King Salman will stay in Beijing for three days, according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry, and meet with Xi as well as Premier Li Keqiang and National People’s Congress (NPC) Chairman Zhang Dejiang. “China attaches great importance to the friendship and cooperation with Saudi Arabia,” Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters on Tuesday. “We stand ready to take King Salman’s visit as an opportunity to take   Arabia comprehensive strategic partnership to a higher level. ”  While King Salman’s visit to Tokyo involved an honorific meeting with Emperor Akihito, the Chinese hope to use his presence to strengthen their foothold in the Middle East. Chinese state media outlets are heralding the visit as a chance for China to take over what was once considered America’s market to exploit. Xinhua calls the visit an attempt to silence   voices around the world. “As some scapegoat globalization for their sluggish economy, others remain open and cooperative to explore business opportunities and reap   fruits,” a Xinhua column on the visit reads, a clear reference to U. S. President Donald Trump’s opposition to globalist forces. Xinhua credits China for having “helped build 56 economic and trade cooperation zones in 20 countries along the routes with a combined investment surpassing 18. 5 billion U. S. dollars, generating nearly 1. 1 billion dollars in tax revenue and 180, 000 jobs in those countries. ” Saudi Arabia, the outlet concludes, is seeking to be a part of that development. The Global Times, often the more combative alternative to Xinhua, suggests Salman’s presence in Beijing means he “puts Beijing ahead of Washington in his diplomatic visits. ” “This reflects Riyadh’s tendency to ‘Look East,’” the Times suggests. “The country is willing to develop a friendly relationship with Beijing on the premise that its ties with Washington remain intact. Saudi Arabia wants China’s support in regional and international affairs. ” The king’s visit has some competition, however, as Saudi officials celebrate the deputy crown prince’s visit with President Trump on Tuesday. The Gulf news organization   cites Saudi officials calling the Trump meeting “a historic turning point” for bilateral relations.   cites Bloomberg, which quotes a senior adviser to Mohammed bin Salman claiming the meeting “put things on the right track, and marked a significant shift in relations, across all political, military, security and economic fields. ” Among the most prominent points of agreement is the mutual distrust of Iran, newly emboldened by the Obama administration’s concessions package to Tehran known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPoA) or the Iran nuclear deal. Trump had already discussed other Middle East hotspots, including Yemen and Syria, with King Salman in a phone conversation. Unlike relations with the White House, regional rival Iran is not a subject that Saudi Arabia and China appear to agree on. China has historically supported Russia in the UN Security Council, which has developed a particularly strong alliance with Iran in Syria. Neither China nor Saudi Arabia have entered the fray in Syria, though both have expressed concerns that the    civil war appears nowhere near its conclusion. China will also have to overcome Saudi distrust as it ramps up an internal war on Islam. While Chinese Communist Party officials have been permissive of Islamic practices, particularly among its Hui minority, it has taken the opposite position in western Xinjiang, home to the nation’s Turkic Uighur minority. Uighurs are a   people in their region, the Communist Party has banned Islamic garb on public transportation, forced shops to sell   items like alcohol and cigarettes, and banned children from religious observance. This attitude appears to be trickling east into   regions. This week, the Communist Party secretary in Ningxia province, Li Jianguo, warned that the Islamic State was attempting to recruit Chinese people to engage in “jihad, terror, violence,” urging more vigilance over Muslim populations. The result of the government’s warnings over Islam has been a growing popular distaste for the religion, according to a social media overview by the South China Morning Post. Such a policy is anathema to the Saudi government, which sees itself as the preeminent defender of Islam globally. “We confirm that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia stands with all its might behind the Islamic causes in general and we are fully ready for assistance and cooperation with your sisterly country as regards any effort or movement that serves Muslims’ issues,” King Salman asserted in Malaysia last month.",0
10448,Comment on More Than 60 School Children Witness Non-Human Beings & A Large Craft Landing by Is This What You Think They Would Look Like? Supposed Pictures of Real Extraterrestrials – Collective Evolution,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter One of the most astonishing UFO witness cases comes from a supposed encounter with over sixty schoolchildren in the town of Ruwa, Zimbabwe, on September 16th 1994. The children claim to have seen multiple hovering objects that resembled what we would describe as spaceships.   Remember, unidentified objects have been tracked on radar scores of times – and at the same time have been visually confirmed by military pilots (and more) from all over the world. Dozens of governments have already disclosed the existence of UFOs. What is so intriguing about these disclosures is the fact that these unknown objects perform extraordinary maneuvers that defy our current understanding of physics, maneuvers that no known aircraft in the world can perform. “Until this day, he has never stopped talking about it.”– Mother of one of the children( source ) What Happened Some of these children were so taken back by this experience that they ran into the school crying. Just as the title states, over sixty schoolchildren were playing outside at recess when they all said they saw a large craft, and multiple small crafts land in a nearby field. Not only that, they said they saw multiple “beings” that they described as non-human. This story has been well documented, is very serious, and was studied by various researchers. One of them is Harvard University psychologist Dr. John Mack. He himself interviewed these children personally, as well as many others. The story spread around the world quite fast and his interviews with the children were conducted shortly after the incident. There is also footage (in the videos linked within this article) of interviews with the children many years after the incident.   The remarkable thing about this story is that all of the children told the exact same story , precisely, as if what had happened really did occur; they were being completely sincere about their experience. Another remarkable fact about this case is that the children’s drawings of what they saw were also extremely consistent with one another. They were, as Dr. Mack points out, clearly telling a story as if it had actually happened – they believed what they were saying and there was no evidence of psychosis or delusion. Personally, after researching this case and others, I have no doubt that these children were being completely sincere, and that what they said happened really did occur. Below is quite a shocking clip of some of the children talking to Dr. Mack about what they saw, as well as drawings (left) and some footage with school teachers and administrators. Anybody who has any type of experience with children will know that these children believe what they are saying, and anybody who feels the same way as I do about children would know that something big probably happened here. What adds even more validity to the story is the fact that these children are on a very long list of (completely normal) people who have had real, genuine unexplained encounters. “They came running up here in such a panic, and even if we staged it they could have not all run together like that. They came up here like a living snake, we were in a staff meeting and we just heard them screaming and screaming… A child cannot make that up.”– Teacher from the school (video below) “I was very skeptical in the beginning as well, I believed that they had seen something, but I wasn’t prepared to accept that it was anything supernatural, but I think the consistency of what’s been going on indicates that it was more than I was prepared to admit in the beginning.” – A second teacher from the school (video below) Again, the children in the video are described as being mentally sound, and there are no indications that they were distorting the truth or were confused, or otherwise unable to make an account of what they saw. “They describe these events like a person talks about something that has happened to them. I can tell that these are people of sound mind telling me something…” (quote continued in the video) -Dr. John Mack, professor of psychiatry, Harvard Medical School Some of the children were asked what they got from the experience. One of them answered that they were here to tell us that “we don’t look after the planet properly.” This makes one wonder, were these extraterrestrial beings from another world trying to get children to think about what we are doing to our planet? Out of the various extraterrestrial encounters that have been reported, this type of theme is common among those who have claimed to have had contact with extraterrestrial beings. This was no joke, the child was stricken with a horrible feeling and vision that the world might end, that “ all the trees would go down and nobody would be able to breath.” (quote taken from video above) Quite a scary thought for a child to bear. Perhaps the beings accidentally came upon these children? Perhaps they meant to? Maybe they were there for other reasons? The fact that all of the adults were in a staff meeting is also intriguing; did these beings purposefully make an appearance, timing it perfectly for when there were no adults around? What do you think the purpose for such an encounter could be? 20 Years After The Incident The video footage above also has footage from some of the children 20 years later speaking about their experience. They are able to communicate clearly and maturely about what happened. I just wanted to re-iterate that here, as it is some important footage of them from another perspective speaking about their experience, years after the event occurred. There is also some more great footage HERE . This is where I found the quotes below, taken from the same children in their adult years. Again, you can find some footage of some of the other kids that were also involved in the incident shortly after the event occurred, as well as many years later in the video above as well. “All of a sudden it was just like imaging going through my head, a message, telepathic communication.” ( source ) “We met up on many occasions after that, hugged and shook our heads and said that was the most amazing experience of our lives wasn’t it?” ( source ) It’s not uncommon for a child to make something up, but when you have more than sixty children doing it with such accuracy, it’s difficult to believe that something extraordinary didn’t happen here. “I must say that if your listeners could see for themselves the mass of reports coming in from airborne gendarmerie, and from the gendarmerie charged with the job of conducting investigations, all of which reports are being forwarded by us to the CNES (National Center for Space Studies), then they would see that it is all pretty disturbing.” – Former French Minister of Defense, Robert Galley (Dolan, Richard. UFOs For the 21st Century Mind: New York: Richard Dolan Press, 2014.) There are no official documents that prove the existence of extraterrestrial life, or that intelligent extraterrestrial life is operating these craft. On the other hand, we do have a great deal of evidence lending belief to the idea that some of these craft could indeed be controlled by a non-human intelligence, and this specific case in Zimbabwe is one of many supposed encounters that has so many people believing that we are not alone, and that intelligent extraterrestrial life is, and has been, visiting us for quite some time now. “ There is a serious possibility that we are being visited and have been visited for many years by people from outer space, by other civilizations. Who they are, where they are from, and what they want should be the subject of rigorous scientific investigation and not be the subject of ‘rubishing’ by tabloid newspapers.” ( source ) – Lord Admiral Hill-Norton, Former Chief of Defence Staff, 5 Star Admiral of the Royal Navy, Chairman of the NATO Military Committee “There is abundant evidence that we are being contacted, that civilizations have been monitoring us for a very long time. That their appearance is bizarre from any type of traditional materialistic Western point of view. That these visitors use the technologies of consciousness, they use toroids, they use co-rotating magnetic disks for their propulsion systems, that seems to be a common denominator of the UFO phenomenon.” ( source ) – Dr. Brian O’leary, Former NASA Astronaut and Princeton Physics Professor “Decades ago, visitors from other planets warned us about the direction we were heading and offered to help. Instead, some of us interpreted their visits as a threat, and decided to shoot first and ask questions after.” – Former Canadian Defense Minister, Paul Hellyer ( source ) Below are some more pictures that the children drew; there are also a couple above within the article. For more remarkable statements by “high ranking” people you can click here . You can read more about what happens when a UFO is tracked on military radar HERE . You can also find our most recent up to date articles on the topic of UFOs and extraterrestrials HERE . Sources:",0
10449,U.S. to Send 200 More Troops to Syria in ISIS Fight - The New York Times,"MANAMA, Bahrain  —   The United States is sending 200 additional troops to Syria, nearly doubling the Pentagon’s presence there, to help thousands of Kurdish and Arab fighters massing for an assault on the Islamic State’s stronghold of Raqqa, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said here on Saturday. Mr. Carter said the reinforcements would include American commandos and   specialists. They will join the 300 Special Operations forces already working in eastern Syria to recruit, train and advise local Syrian militias to combat the Islamic State, also known as ISIL or ISIS. “This latest commitment of additional forces within Syria is another important step in enabling our partners to deal ISIL a lasting defeat,” Mr. Carter told a security conference here. The deployment of more American troops to Syria, which Mr. Carter said President Obama had approved in recent days, comes as questions are arising in the Middle East and in Washington about the level of support   Donald J. Trump will maintain for rebel groups in Syria combating the Islamic State and others fighting the government of President Bashar  . Mr. Trump has expressed a desire to work with Russia and the Syrian government to defeat the Islamic State, rejecting the rebels by saying that “we have no idea who these people are. ” The battle for Raqqa  —   the de facto capital of the extremist group’s   caliphate  —   is entering a crucial phase as a coalition of 45, 000 fighters, including more than 13, 000 Arabs, has moved within 15 miles of the city. Their initial goal is to encircle the city and largely cut off the resupply of arms, supplies and fighters, American commanders say. In the last month, the   air campaign has carried out nearly 300 airstrikes around Raqqa, including attacks last week that destroyed 188 oil tanker trucks, the largest strikes of their kind in the   effort. Sending more American commandos to Syria will allow the Pentagon to train more Arab volunteers in more places in a wider array of skills, American officials said Saturday. Most of the Arab fighters are recently recruited residents who are not particularly well trained or equipped but are needed to carry out the bulk of the fighting in Raqqa itself, a Sunni Arab city. The Pentagon plans to give these local forces more arms and ammunition. “By combining our capabilities with those of our local partners, we’ve been squeezing ISIS by applying simultaneous pressure from all sides,” Mr. Carter said. The military advance is complicated by the predominant role played by Kurdish militia members, who make up a majority of the 45, 000 fighters and are the most effective American partner against the Islamic State in Syria. But the Kurdish militia fighters are viewed by Turkey  —   a pivotal American ally  —   as a terrorist threat. Turkey regards the Syrian Kurdish fighters, known collectively as the Y. P. G. as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, the Kurdish rebel group that has sought autonomy from Turkey since the 1980s. Ankara has demanded that the Y. P. G. not take part in the fight to retake Raqqa. Turkish forces in recent months have swept across the border into Syria to attack Islamic State strongholds, an offensive the Pentagon has applauded. But the Turkish advance has also served to blunt the Kurdish fighters’ efforts to carve out a contiguous swath of territory inside Syria stretching to the Iraqi border. As Turkish and Kurdish forces repeatedly clashed, American officials and commanders intervened to curtail the fighting. Washington desperately needs the two sides to focus on fighting the Islamic State in Raqqa, not each other. To that end, Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has met twice in the last month with his Turkish counterpart, Gen. Hulusi Akar, to consult on battle plans for Raqqa. American Special Operations troops were assigned to accompany Turkish troops in Syria, giving the Pentagon    liaisons. In another unusual move, Brig. Gen. Jon K. Mott of the Air Force, a senior operations officer from the Pentagon’s Central Command, was recently dispatched to the Turkish Army’s operations center in Ankara to help coordinate the war effort and defuse any conflicts with the Kurds. Pentagon officials are also toning down their vocal support for Kurdish fighters to avoid further inflaming Turkish domestic political sensitivities about any collaboration between Turkish troops and Kurdish fighters. Addressing the Manama Dialogue, a conference here sponsored by the International Institute of Strategic Studies, Mr. Carter defended the Obama administration’s security commitment in the Persian Gulf, and the Middle East more broadly, but repeatedly scolded Middle Eastern partners for failing to provide more military muscle in the broader campaign to defeat the Islamic State and counter extremism. Without singling out any country by name, Mr. Carter suggested that the United States had been the target of disingenuous criticism from “regional powers here in the Middle East” for not doing more to help fight extremism. “I would ask you to imagine what U. S. military and defense leaders think when they have to listen to complaints sometimes that we should do more, when it’s plain to see that all too often, the ones complaining aren’t doing enough themselves,” said Mr. Carter, who is in the middle of a      farewell trip as defense secretary. Mr. Carter also noted that many   nations in the Gulf region had expressed concern about the spread of Iranian influence in the region  —   a threat that Mr. Trump and his security team have also said will be a top priority. “The fact is, if countries in the region are worried about Iran’s destabilizing activities  —   a concern the United States shares  —   they need to get in the game,” Mr. Carter said. “That means getting serious about starting to partner more with each other, and investing in the right capabilities for the threat. ”",0
10451,N.F.L.: There’s Dallas’s Dak Prescott and Then All the Other Rookie QBs - The New York Times,"Not all rookie quarterbacks are the same. Here’s what else we learned in Week 11 in the N. F. L.: ■ Dak Prescott is not a product of weak competition. Facing the No. 1 defense in the N. F. L. Prescott, the Dallas Cowboys’ rookie quarterback, had a few poor throws early in the game but recovered to have his second consecutive   effort and added three more touchdown passes. Most impressively, he did it with his offensive line allowing a great deal of pressure and without his customary amount of help from Ezekiel Elliott who had a hard time finding running lanes other than in a big third quarter. ■ Playing quarterback as a rookie is not as easy as Prescott makes it look. Carson Wentz of the Eagles looked lost against Seattle’s defense, Cody Kessler of the Browns once again had to leave because of a concussion, and Jared Goff of the Rams, the player drafted ahead of all of them, finally got his first start and managed just 131 passing yards in a losing effort. ■   are hard now. The play may have been too easy prior to last season, but the rule change that pushed it back to being the equivalent of a   field goal continues to confound  . On Sunday, kickers combined to set an N. F. L. record with 12 misses, breaking the previous mark of 10 that was most recently accomplished in 1985. Mike Nugent of the Bengals and Robbie Gould of the Giants each missed two and even Stephen Gostkowski of the Patriots, who went 52 for 52 in the first year of the change, missed one, giving him three misses for the season. ■ Seattle might be getting scary. The Seahawks’ defense has been stellar all season, but Russell Wilson showed glimpses of his old self, throwing balls downfield, giving himself extra time on passes with his mobility, and even catching a   touchdown pass from Doug Baldwin. If Thomas Rawls and C. J. Prosise can become a    duo at running back, the Patriots and Cowboys might have some real competition to be the best team in the N. F. L. ■ The Browns might also have some competition to be the worst team in the N. F. L. Cleveland is   but the San Francisco 49ers, despite holding the Patriots to just 13 points through three quarters, ended up allowing 30 in the loss. It was the seventh time this season that the 49ers allowed 30 or more points, and it was the team’s ninth consecutive loss after a    shutout victory over Los Angeles in Week 1. Sadly the 30 points improved San Francisco’s season average which was 31. 4 coming into the game. The rest of the N. F. L. could be in a lot of trouble if Russell Wilson is back to being himself. With his mobility seemingly having returned after injuries had forced him into being a pocket passer for much of the season, Wilson led the way and his team’s defense followed suit as the Seattle Seahawks beat the Philadelphia Eagles,  . Wilson completed 18 of 31 passes for 272 yards, but it was his lone touchdown pass, a   to Jimmy Graham, that was a blast from the past. Facing a great deal of pressure, Wilson broke to his left and outran the defensive line. He looked like he would keep the ball for a run, but without stopping or setting himself to throw, and with linebacker Jordan Hicks in his face, he launched the ball to his right, and Graham caught it for the score. If that was not enough to convince people that Wilson had his legs back, he also engaged in some trickery in the second half, flipping the ball back to Doug Baldwin and then sprinting for the end zone. Baldwin was undeterred by pressure and lofted the ball into the end zone, finding Wilson for a   touchdown pass. Seattle had mixed results in its endless search for a reliable running back. The rookie C. J. Prosise broke free for a   touchdown run in the first quarter, but Prosise, a converted wide receiver making his second career start, was limited to 76 yards on four carries before being forced out of the game by a shoulder injury. There was some room for optimism, however, in the play of Thomas Rawls. The   running back had not played since Week 2 because of injuries, but he carried 14 times for 57 yards. Considering their remarkably different running styles, Prosise and Rawls could seemingly be a strong combination if they are both healthy going forward. The game was far more lopsided than it appeared, with all but seven of Philadelphia’s points coming after the game was essentially decided. Seattle’s defense helped drop the Eagles back to . 500 with a great deal of help from Philadelphia’s rookie quarterback, Carson Wentz. Wentz, who had been praised for much of the year for not showing his inexperience, fell into too many traps, including a play late in the first half when he failed to account for the veteran safety Kam Chancellor as he threw across the field. Chancellor intercepted the pass and ended what looked like a promising drive. Wentz was also intercepted by Richard Sherman in the second half and finished the day with    passing for 218 yards and 2 touchdowns. If there was anything qualifying as bad news for Seattle, it was Earl Thomas and DeShawn Shead leaving the game because of injuries. Thomas, a veteran free safety and       has never missed a game in his   career and his status had not been announced. It seems odd for 1977 to come up so often during Dallas Cowboys games, but with Dak Prescott leading the team to its ninth consecutive win, breaking the franchise record set in 1977, and Ezekiel Elliott passing Tony Dorsett for the franchise record for rushing yards by a rookie, also set that season, the parallels between the seasons are natural. It is a little history lesson for a quarterback born in 1993 and a running back born in 1995. But as for the present day, Sunday’s   victory over the Baltimore Ravens proved the Cowboys can succeed against a top defense even when things are not going their way early in the game. It was Dallas’s first ever win over the Ravens. Prescott, who this week was named the team’s starting quarterback rather than being designated an injury   initially looked lost. The Ravens’   defense was able to get intense pressure from its   forcing punts on Dallas’s first four possessions. The rookie Prescott completed just four of his first 10 passes and was not getting much help from Elliott, who was struggling to find holes against the league’s best rush defense. That all turned around with just under nine minutes left in the second quarter. Down   and facing a    Prescott came alive, tearing down the field for a   run. Over the next five plays, he drove his team 60 yards, tossing an   throw to Cole Beasley for a   touchdown. From that point, a familiar formula of gutsy passes by Prescott and tough runs by Elliott kicked in and Baltimore was powerless to stop it. Prescott ended up completing 27 of 36 passes for 301 yard and 3 touchdowns, topping 300 yards for the second consecutive week. Elliott chipped in with 127 yards from scrimmage and has 1, 102 rushing yards, which tops Dorsett’s 1, 007 in 1977. He is on pace for 1, 763 yards, which would put him just short of Eric Dickerson’s rookie record of 1, 808. Through 10 games, Dickerson had 1, 223. The Ravens, meanwhile, were unable to enjoy Steve Smith becoming the 14th player to top 1, 000 career receptions as the team saw its   winning streak end, and its vaunted defense allowed an uncharacteristic 417 yards. Dallas will try to make it 10 wins in a row when it hosts the Washington Redskins on Thanksgiving. But with 1977 coming up so often, Cowboys fans may already be thinking of how that season ended: A win over the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XII. Redskins Extend Packers’  : Kirk Cousins threw for 375 yards and three touchdowns to lead Washington to a   victory over Green Bay, which has lost four consecutive games and five of six, allowing 30 or more points in all of those defeats. The Redskins (  ) have won six of their past eight games going into a showdown with the Cowboys, and chants of “We Want Dallas!” filled FedEx Field in the final minutes.  —   Associated Press Giants Improve to  : The Giants played so lifelessly in the first half, the home crowd responded with sustained booing. But they rebounded for a   victory over the Bears to achieve their best record after 10 games since 2008, when they were  . Played in blustery conditions, the game featured three missed extra points, which had not happened in a N. F. L. game since 1993. Read our report here. It was seemingly a mismatch for the ages, with the   New England Patriots traveling to San Francisco to face one of the worst teams in N. F. L. history in terms of points allowed. But somehow the Patriots went into the fourth quarter clinging to a   lead over the 49ers. Things then normalized, with Tom Brady finding Danny Amendola for a   touchdown pass on the first play of the fourth quarter  —   one of his four touchdown passes in the game  —   as the Patriots rolled to a   victory. It was an easy win for New England, but perhaps a satisfying one for Brady, playing in San Francisco for the first time after having grown up a 49ers fan. The weather certainly was not helping New England’s offense in the first three quarters, with rain falling steadily, but the 49ers’ defense, which had previously allowed an N. F. L.  31. 4 points a game, seemed undaunted until it simply had nothing left to give in the final quarter. Brady completed 24 of 40 passes for 280 yards, and LeGarrette Blount contributed 124 rushing yards. Colin Kaepernick threw two touchdowns for San Francisco, but that was not enough to keep the game competitive. The loss and the rain somewhat marred the team’s legendary former owner, Eddie DeBartolo Jr. receiving his Hall of Fame ring at halftime. The stands were largely empty as fans sought out dry concourses rather than seeing the ceremony for the man who owned the team during its run of five Super Bowl wins. The Cleveland Browns ran the team’s losing streak to 11 games by falling to the Pittsburgh Steelers,  . Along the way, the team also lost its starting quarterback, yet again, as Cody Kessler had to leave the game with a concussion and was replaced by Josh McCown. Who was at quarterback for Cleveland hardly seemed to matter as the Pittsburgh defense collected eight sacks, including two and a half by Stephon Tuitt, as the Steelers seemed to have players in the Browns’ backfield on every play. Pittsburgh did not get a lot of production out of Ben Roethlisberger, who threw for just 167 yards, but Le’Veon Bell gave the Steelers all of the offense they needed as he carried the ball 28 times for 146 yards and caught 8 passes for 55 more yards. The Browns will try to end their losing streak next week when they host the Giants. Colts Get Big Division Win: Indianapolis beat the Tennessee Titans,   but saw Adam Vinatieri’s N. F. L. record streak of consecutive field goals made end at 44. The Colts were able to improve to . 500, leapfrogging the Titans into second place in the A. F. C. South, thanks largely to Andrew Luck’s 262 passing yards and 2 touchdowns. That was enough to overcome another great statistical performance by Marcus Mariota of the Titans (25 of 38 passing, 290 yards and 2 touchdowns). But one of the more impressive streaks in league history came to an end in the second quarter when Vinatieri missed a   attempt  . His last miss had come in Week 2 of the 2015 season. Bills end   Slide: Buffalo preserved its hopes of making the playoffs by beating the Cincinnati Bengals,  . The Bengals dropped to    and lost A. J. Green to a hamstring injury. The Bengals had led,   at halftime but managed just five first downs in the second half as Buffalo’s defense held strong and its offense did enough to get a pair of field goals. The win came in spite of a key injury. LeSean McCoy, who ran for a touchdown in the first half, sustained a thumb injury late in the second quarter and did not return.",0
10452,Secrets of the US Election: Assange Talks to Pilger,"Secrets of the US Election: Assange Talks to Pilger November 5, 2016 
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denies the Russian government was the source of leaked emails about Hillary Clinton and says her “neo-McCarthy” Russia-bashing is just part of a cover-up, in an interview with John Pilger. 
By John Pilger 
This interview was filmed in the Embassy of Ecuador in London – where Julian Assange is a political refugee – and broadcast on Nov. 5, 2016 
John Pilger: What’s the significance of the FBI’s intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. (Photo credit: Espen Moe) 
Julian Assange : If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America’s political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA [General David Petraeus] over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI’s investigation, so there’s anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We’ve published about 33,000 of Clinton’s emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half – 30,000 — to herself, and we’ve published about half. Then there are the Podesta emails we’ve been publishing. [John] Podesta is Hillary Clinton’s primary campaign manager, so there’s a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. [These emails are] combined with the cover-up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, [which] has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. 
John Pilger: The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. 
Julian Assange : The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that 17   had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
WikiLeaks has been publishing for ten years, and in those ten years, we have published ten million documents, several thousand individual publications, several thousand different sources, and we have never got it wrong. 
John Pilger : The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I’m thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. 
Julian Assange : And twelve million dollars from Morocco … 
John Pilger: Twelve million from Morocco yeah. 
Julian Assange : For Hillary Clinton to attend [a party]. 
John Pilger: In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that’s where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it.   speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix, Arizona,   by Gage Skidmore) 
Julian Assange : There’s an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is   email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it’s just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. 
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton, the world’s largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, [worth] more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. 
John Pilger : Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: That’s extraordinary. 
Julian Assange : I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of [the reaction] to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She’s a centralizing cog. You’ve got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. 
She’s the centralizer that inter-connects all these different cogs. She’s the smooth central representation of all that, and ‘all that’ is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It’s what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from Citibank. This is quite amazing. 
John Pilger: Didn’t Citibank supply a list …. ? 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: … which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet. 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? 
Julian Assange: If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. 
Julian Assange : So I think you can’t properly understand Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh on March 30, 2012. [State Department photo] John Pilger : Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us, told you about what happened there, because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria, the ISIL jihadism and so on, and it was almost Hillary Clinton’s invasion. What do the emails tell us about that?
Julian Assange : Libya, more than anyone else’s war, was Hillary Clinton’s war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That’s documented throughout her emails. She had put her favored agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there’s more than 1,700 emails out of the 33,000 Hillary Clinton emails that we’ve published, just about Libya. It’s not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state — something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. 
So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it’s the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. 
Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilization of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa — previously people fleeing those problems didn’t end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: ‘What do these Europeans think they’re doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There’s going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe,’ and this is exactly what happened. 
John Pilger: You get complaints from people saying, ‘What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the White House?’ 
Julian Assange: My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he’s had every establishment off side; Trump doesn’t have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence [agencies], arms companies … big foreign money … are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. 
J ohn Pilger : There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, ‘Well, why doesn’t WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?’ 
Julian Assange: We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our [Russia] documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. 
John Pilger : Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Julian Assange: [Let’s talk about] Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, [which Hillary Clinton called] ‘deplorable and irredeemable’. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly — through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies — represents people who are not the middle, not the upper-middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. 
John Pilger: I’d like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and [political asylum] in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the Internet from here where we’re doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador’s support for you? 
Julian Assange : Let’s let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than £12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there’s undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds — so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of 16 million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election [campaign], the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. 
WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. [It means] that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organization; [they] try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa. 
John Pilger: Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. 
Julian Assange : I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately   or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared [by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne]. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me   we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last 15 years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won’t happen]. 
John Pilger: People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. 
Julian Assange: Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they’re adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I’m a bit institutionalized — this [the embassy] is the world … it’s visually the world [for me]. 
John Pilger: It’s the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn’t it? 
Julian Assange: It’s the world without sunlight, but I haven’t seen sunlight in so long, I don’t remember it. 
John Pilger : Yes. 
Julian Assange: So, yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children — they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That’s a hard, hard adaption which they didn’t ask for. 
John Pilger: Do you worry about them? 
Julian Assange : Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. 
John Pilger: Some people would say, ‘Well, why don’t you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?’ 
Julian Assange : The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent 18 months in formal, adversarial litigation. [So it’s] me and the U.N. versus Sweden and the U.K. Who’s right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that [those countries] must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, ‘What’s going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? [Assange] says that you should recognize his asylum.’ [And here is] 
Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, ‘No, we’re not going to [recognize the UN ruling],’ so leaving open their ability to extradite. 
I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publicly in the press, because it doesn’t suit the Western establishment narrative — that yes, the West has political prisoners, it’s a reality, it’s not just me, there’s a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts [that it should call] the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don’t call them political prisoners in China, they don’t call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don’t call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. 
Julian Assange : Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared [by the Stockholm prosecutor] and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? 
John Pilger: Yes, it’s different. 
Julian Assange : The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. 
[The rhetoric] is trying to avoid [the truth that] the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States. 
John Pilger is an Australian-British journalist based in London. Pilger’s Web site is: www.johnpilger.com . To support Julian Assange, go to: https://justice4assange.com/donate.html",0
10453,Dwayne ’The Rock’ Johnson: Being President Is Within My ’Skill Set’,"Actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson added more fuel to speculation surrounding his political future with an appearance on Good Morning America Thursday, during which he said he has the skill set required to run for President of the United States. [“It’s really been the most flattering thing,” the    San Andreas star said in response to media reports that suggested he would make a good president.  When asked why he thinks he would make a good president, Johnson laughed off the question, and said he had never said that. “I don’t know if I would make a good president,” he added. “I know that I have a certain skill set, and I think it’s in that skill set that people see, and that people would want me to run. And I also think that’s reflective of them wanting to see a better leadership happening right now. ” ”I don’t know if I would make a good President, but I know I have a certain skill set  …    ”  —   Dwayne @TheRock Johnson on running for President pic. twitter.   —   Good Morning America (@GMA) May 18, 2017,  Johnson, who went by the moniker The Rock in his pro wrestling days, first discussed the “real possibility” he could run for president in an interview with GQ this month. “A year ago, it started coming up more and more,” Johnson told GQ. “There was a real sense of earnestness, which made me go home and think ‘Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful. ’” While not much is known about Johnson’s policy positions, the actor is reportedly a registered Republican, and has voiced his opposition to President Donald Trump’s executive actions on immigration from some   countries. “I completely disagree with it,” he told GQ. “I believe in our national security to the core, but I don’t believe in a ‘ban’ that bans immigrants. I believe in inclusion. Our country was built on that, and it continues to be made strong by that. And the decision felt like a snap judgment. I feel like the majority of, if not all, Americans feel that protection is of huge importance,” he said. In his interview with GMA, Johnson was asked whether his presidential slogan might me “Make America Rock Again. ” “It would be, right now, for Good Morning America, yes,” Johnson said with a laugh.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
10454,“They Must Have Something Significant For the FBI to Reopen the Investigation”,"Posted on October 29, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
Washington’s Blog asked the NSA executive who created the agency’s mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a “legend” within the agency and the NSA’s best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened (“in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union’s command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons”), Bill Binney – what he thought about the FBI’s announcement that it was re-opening the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. 
He told us: 
They must have something significant for the FBI to reopen the investigation. Plus I think [FBI Director] Comey had to inform congress of his incomplete testimony to them or else he could be charged with perjury to congress and impeached. 
*** 
Any way you look at it, FBI has a black black eye over this. I have been saying for a long time that when you couple secret intelligence agencies with the police, you get a secret police. In German, that’s a GESTAPO (meaning “State Secret Police”). Plus, when you add to that what the DOJ has been doing relative to this, you have a Department of “Just Us.” Not good for the citizens of this or any other country. 
Similarly, one of the two reporters who broke the Watergate story – Carl Bernstein – said : 
We don’t know what this means yet except that it’s a real bombshell . And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly , that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation .",0
10455,Exhibit of veterans’ art Downtown depicts war through their eyes,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Exhibit of veterans’ art Downtown depicts war through their eyes By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 8, 2016 veterans 
By Holly Zachariah 
Raine McMullen pushes certain chapters of the 10 months she spent in Afghanistan to the back of her mind. 
There are things she saw and heard and experienced while deployed there that she doesn’t like to talk about. But the children? She will never forget them and is always eager to share their stories. 
“They were so curious of the American soldiers,” said McMullen, who spent six years with the Army Reserve’s 412th Civil Affairs Battalion, based at the Defense Supply Center Columbus in Whitehall. “And they were especially curious of me because I was the only female on my whole base.” 
Read the Full Article at www.dispatch.com >>>> Related Posts: The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 8, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
10456,"Donald Trump, Quebec City, Patriots: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Divisions deepened  over President Trump’s order barring entry to refugees and citizens from seven   countries. Some of Mr. Trump’s supporters applauded the order, but other citizens organized on social networks, business leaders registered objections, and State Department diplomats circulated a   dissent cable. The White House press secretary said government workers should “get with the program” or go. Donations poured into the A. C. L. U. and other rights groups, lawsuits proliferated and acting Attorney General Sally Yates, a holdover from the Obama administration, was fired after she ordered the Justice Department not to defend the order in court. President Obama   saying through a spokesman that the order was discriminatory and that he was “heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country. ” You can see more of our coverage here  —   including Iran’s missile launch, a test of Mr. Trump. Above, Syrian families at a U. N. office in Beirut, Lebanon. _____ 2. We took a look at why the order sparked such chaos. It received little or no legal review. The secretary of homeland security, above, was not asked for guidance, and Customs and Border Protection officers were unaware of it. And we collected the stories of people covered by the ban, which delayed families from reuniting and students returning to universities in the U. S. The U. N. estimates 20, 000 refugees wouldn’t be able to be resettled during the   suspension. Here’s a look at the rigorous vetting process refugees already face the debate over whether the ban is legal and our updated explainer about the executive order. _____ 3. President Trump appeared to try to shift the public’s focus to another hot topic, by tweeting that he would announce his pick for the Supreme Court on Tuesday at 8 p. m. Our legal reporter says abortion rights and affirmative action appear secure for now, but unions and environmentalists have cause for concern. And this may not be Mr. Trump’s only appointment during his term. _____ 4. Messages of solidarity poured into Canada from around the world after a shooting at a Quebec mosque that left six dead. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau assailed what he called “this terrorist attack on Muslims in a center of worship and refuge,” and issued a statement saying: “It is   to see such senseless violence. Diversity is our strength, and religious tolerance is a value that we, as Canadians, hold dear. ” Local media reported that the    suspect had a history of provocative views and antisocial behavior. _____ 5. The   “nerd prom” that is normally the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner has some competition. The comedian Samantha Bee promises to “properly roast the president” at “Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner” the same night, April 29. The lineup has not been finalized but she says there are “binders full” of possibilities. _____ 6. The Ringling Bros. and Barnum  Bailey Circus is shutting down, after dwindling attendance and criticism from animal rights’ groups. Some extreme fans are extremely upset. They include a Queens man who has created a scale model of the circus at Madison Square Garden, above. The president of the Circus Fans Association of America got existential, saying, “To me, the circus has always been the elixir of youth. When I visit the circus, I’m 5 years old again and I have no life span. That immortality has been destroyed. ” _____ 7. The personal stenographer of the Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels died in Munich at 106. Brunhilde Pomsel was one of the last surviving members of the group that hid in a Berlin bunker with Hitler in his final days. “We tried to make sure we didn’t run out of alcohol,” she said. “That was urgently needed in order to retain the numbness. ” _____ 8. The ground cracks underfoot, and   pools of acidic water bubble between odd formations of rocks and minerals. Sulfur and chlorine create neon patches. In fact, the Danakil Depression in Ethiopia, an oppressively hot and dry volcanic region, might as well be Mars. That’s precisely why scientists visited, hoping to learn about the possibility of life on other planets. _____ 9. When the Falcons and the Patriots  meet in the Super Bowl this Sunday, the average cost of a   ad will be in the vicinity of $5 million. One novelty: Snickers aims to do the game’s first live commercial, starring Adam Driver (above in cardboard form) from the HBO series “Girls. ” _____ 10. A new documentary, “Becoming Warren Buffett,” looks at the personal relationships of America’s most famous investor, the    tycoon said to be worth $74 billion. “People watching it expecting to learn how to buy cheap stocks will be disappointed,” Mr. Buffett said with a chuckle during a telephone interview. (10 p. m. Eastern, HBO and streaming) _____ 11. Finally, a note about apologies. Most times when we say, “I’m sorry,” it’s for something trivial. But when it matters, watch your wording. Psychologists and other experts say the best apologies are short and don’t include rationalizations or requests for forgiveness. And “I’m sorry you feel that way” really means “I’m not really sorry at all. ” Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s Friday night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
10457,Shaun King is Really Mad About President Trump’s First Budget - Breitbart,"Disgraced Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King has published a new   in the New York Daily News, calling President Trump’s budget “the most cruel, destructive, and inhumane” budget ever released by a sitting president. [To save you the torture of reading it, I’ve gone through it line by line and picked out the most   rhetoric and outrageous claims.  King begins by blaming everything on White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, possibly a bigger boogeyman for the left than the President himself. “I’m a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that’s my goal, too. I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today’s establishment. ” These are the words uttered by White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. When someone tells you who they are  —   believe them. “If someone tells you who they are, believe them?” I’m sure Shaun King would like us to, given that he’s spent much of his professional career dodging uncomfortable questions about his true ethnicity, and continues to claim his father was black, despite the fact that he has never met him and has never released the results of a DNA test to the public. Bannon, who was the CEO of Trump’s campaign and is now widely seen as a mix between being his   and even a   An image created and sustained by the media, with virtually no basis in reality. It’s almost as if the media were so desperate for the return of “ ” Clinton that they fabricated a  . It is, unequivocally, the most cruel, destructive, dangerous and inhumane federal budget ever released by an American President. By a Republican president. You can rest assured that King would be singing a different tune if this were an Obama budget. At first, I aimed to write about it soon after it was released, but it honestly took me an additional 24 hours to wrap my mind around what we had seen. Translation: I am lazy and can’t finish my articles on time. Trump’s budget completely eliminates 19 federal agencies  —   including funding for PBS, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. It cuts funding for Meals on Wheels. Who the hell cuts funding for Meals on Wheels? Translation: I can’t defend budget cuts to   leftist propaganda, so I’ll focus on an entirely unrelated service to tug on heartstrings and hope people won’t notice (or highlight in bold!) the first three things I mentioned. It also eliminates funding for 49 National Historic Sites. What are they supposed to do without this funding? Collect donations, just like Meals on Wheels does? (Donations have actually spiked since the budget announcement) Perhaps a progressive billionaire could help, instead of ploughing millions into socially destabilizing   like Black Lives Matter. Trump aims to drastically slash the budget of the Environmental Protection Agency by 31% Oh no! Fewer   lightbulbs?? The 29% budget cut to the State Department completely eliminates many peacekeeping missions and cultural exchange programs. Peacekeeping in the Obama era was so effective, it gave rise to ISIS. It clearly deserves those funds! Even the NYPD is outraged by the budget, which would cut millions upon millions of dollars from the department’s efforts to fight terrorism. Finally! The first reasonable concern in King’s piece. The Defense Department increase in Trump’s budget was a staggering $54, 000, 000, 000. I added the zeroes for effect  —   that’s $54 billion. Our nation already spends more on defense than most of the developed nations of the world combined. This increase is simply absurd and unnecessary. So, according to Shaun King, cutting funds to fight terrorism is bad, but increasing funds to fight terrorism is   …     Also bad? It’s almost as if King is a   leftist who automatically condemns anything Trump does! I will concede that $54 billion is a big number. Much bigger than the $240, 000 in missing Haiti donation funds that Shaun King managed, and is still unaccounted for. In short, King believes the Trump budget to be a more questionable document than his own birth certificate. Breitbart readers can of course decide for themselves if the rhetoric matches the reality. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
10458,Mayor Of First Lady’s European Hometown: ’Melania Put Us On The World Map’,"First Lady Melania Trump’s small hometown in central Slovenia is booming with business thanks to her ascendance to power and fame in the United States, according to the town’s mayor. [In Sevnica, Slovenia, Melania Trump was born Melanija Knavs before she came to the U. S. eventually marrying future U. S. President Donald Trump. Now, Sevnica, with a population of about 5, 000 people, is enjoying its position of having a connection to one of the world’s most famous women.  “Melania put us on the world map,” Sevnica Mayor Srecko Ocvirk told NPR in an interview. “A lot of people are coming from Europe, Japan, China and the U. S.,” Ocvirk said in the interview. “From an anonymous little town, we are now on the world tourist map. ” Now, tourists to Sevnica can visit Melania’s hometown elementary school and apartment building, and can take a   walking tour of the neighborhood in which she grew up, for just $90. The    tour is just one of many that tourists can choose from in the tiny town. Also, the Kruhek bakery in Sevnica now offers a   apple pie, known officially as the “First Lady Apple Pie. ” The bakery also offers a   sweet cake. “We wanted to do something that is a mix of America and Sevnica,” Maja Kozole Popadic, whose family owns the bakery, told NPR. Additionally, the Kopitarna shoe store in Sevnica has gotten in on the Melania craze, creating “White House slippers” that retail for $60 a pair. The designer of the slipper, Maja Stamol, told NPR he has made 300 pairs and is almost sold out at this point. Melania has not gone back to the region in more than a decade, though her parents reportedly still own a home in Sevnica.   John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
10459,Public Faith in Elections Falls as the State Grows,"Public Faith in Elections Falls as the State Grows Out-of-control state power Ryan McMaken | Mises.org - October 27, 2016 Comments 
In the wake of the final presidential election debate last week, the mainstream media was appalled that Donald Trump would not pre-emptively agree to not contest the outcome of the election . 
Trump’s position reflects a growing faction of Americans who doubt the integrity and honesty of the American electoral system. In response, mainstream media sources have responded by vehemently insisting that “rigged” elections are “ a myth .” 
While rarely stated explicitly, the way American electoral politics is supposed to work is this: the population spends several months listening to the candidates accuse each other of terrible crimes, horrible ideas, and gross incompetence. Each candidate lists the ways he or she will use the power of government to force the winner’s policy preferences on the losers. Then, once the votes are cast, everyone is supposed to quickly accept the results, ignore everything that was said during the campaign, and immediately accept the winner as having an indisputable mandate to rule over everyone, including the sizable minority — or even the majority, in many cases — who either voted against the winner, or abstained. If there appears to be any “irregularities” in the vote, well, those should just be ignored because it would “tear the country apart” to “drag out” the election. If half the country feels it’s been cheated, well, tough luck and better luck next time. Democracy Breaks Down As (Perceived) Interventionism Increases 
This model can only work indefinitely under certain specific conditions. It can be workable when there is a perception that government is limited in its power, and extensive or abrupt change to government institutions are thought to be rare. It can also work in a small, culturally uniform society where there is a relatively small divide between socio-economic and ethnic groups. 
In the case of the United States, however, it appears that neither of these conditions apply. 
In the age of presidential executive orders, militarized police, uncountable federal laws, and a myriad of spy agencies empowered to watch Americans’ every move, gone is the perception that a loss in an electoral contest should simply be accepted without question. The president says he can issue laws with “ a pen and … a phone ” without any need to consult Congress. The Libya war proved presidents can invade any country without so much as a debate in Congress. Meanwhile, the untouchable Supreme Court hands down decisions that are equivalent to Constitutional amendments, some of which can have enormous effects on the daily lives of ordinary citizens. 
In other words, the stakes are now reaching the point where an attitude of “better luck next time” doesn’t cut it. Whether or not these fears are at times overstated is irrelevant. The fact is the perception of democratic lawlessness is growing. 
This situation is further complicated by the fact that the United States is an enormous conglomeration of different cultural and socio-economic groups spread out over a vast and varied geography. Many of these different groups distrust each other, and in a country where the president and the judiciary now rule largely by proclamation, there is reason to be fearful when “the other guy’s” candidate wins and yours loses. Democracy Can Work When the Stakes Are Low 
Contrary to the naive musings of some nostalgic conservatives, the United States was never united into a single cultural, linguistic, or socio-economic group. Those differences may have reached a low point during the twentieth century, but they were far larger in the 19th century than they are today. 
When you have a diverse population, however, the problem of who controls the government becomes far more important, and this concern grows as the state becomes more powerful. Writing on the topic of immigration and nationalism in Australia , Ludwig von Mises noted how powerful states exacerbate the problem of cultural divides. Could a laissez-faire regime be guaranteed to all residents of Australia, Mises notes, it would not matter at all if there were cultural mistrust between English-descended Australians and Asian newcomers. However, since laissez-faire liberalism has not been embraced, a familiar problem presented itself: 
The present inhabitants of [Australia] fear that some day they could be reduced to a minority in their own country and that they would then have to suffer all the horrors of national persecution to which, for instance, the Germans are today [i.e., the early 1920s] exposed in Czechoslovakia, Italy, and Poland. 
It cannot be denied that these fears are justified. Because of the enormous power that today stands at the command of the state, a national minority must expect the worst from a majority of a different nationality. As long as the state is granted the vast powers which it has today and which public opinion considers to be its right, the thought of having to live in a state whose government is in the hands of members of a foreign nationality is positively terrifying. It is frightful to live in a state in which at every turn one is exposed to persecution — masquerading under the guise of justice — by a ruling majority. It is dreadful to be handicapped even as a child in school on account of one’s nationality and to be in the wrong before every judicial and administrative authority because one belongs to a national minority… 
It is clear that no solution of the problem of immigration is possible if one adheres to the ideal of the interventionist state, which meddles in every field of human activity, or to that of the socialist state. Only the adoption of the liberal program could make the problem of immigration, which today seems insoluble, completely disappear. In an Australia governed according to liberal principles, what difficulties could arise from the fact that in some parts of the continent Japanese and in other parts Englishmen were in the majority? 
These same principles can be applied outside the subject of immigration as well. The existence of an interventionist state means any country composed of diverse ethnic and socioeconomic groups faces the same problem of one group being exploited by another group, with the help of state power. Change the term “nationality” to “political party” or “interest groups,” and one has a fair approximation of the problem of democracy in any interventionist state. 
In the presence of a relatively weak government, however, these concerns are often overstated. At the turn of the 20th century in the US, for example, the fact that Spanish-speakers were in the majority in New Mexico and many areas of the American West was irrelevant to the lives of the vast majority of Americans. The fact that Japanese immigrants and their descendant were out-competing white businessmen in California was simply not a matter of national importance. The fact that Oregon attempted to outlaw Catholic Schools was not a matter for presidential executive orders. Thanks to widespread suspicion of federal power at the time, the lack of a strong federal judiciary and a relatively weak presidency meant these issues remained largely local while public policy was haphazard. 
Voters have always feared losses in elections, but now more than ever, the voters may be justified in refusing to simply accept the outcomes of elections under “an interventionist state, which meddles in every field of human activity.” When that is the case, elections are not something to be taken lightly. Trump’s remarks about rigged elections — and public fears over the outcome — are to be expected from voters with an immense fear of out-of-control state power. 
In response to all of this, the pundits and government class will tell us that everyone must double down on democracy, and that elections — specifically federal ones —are sacred rituals never to be questioned. There will be a double standard, of course. A Trump victory will be questioned by the media and powerful politicians. But, in that case it will be the fault of the Russians , and not anything wrong with the system itself. The solution for the feds, of course, will be a federal takeover of the election system. If Clinton wins, then no questioning of the system will be tolerated at all. To question the outcome or the wisdom of these presidential contests will be denounced as scarcely less than sacrilege. 
The true solution to the problem remains far more practical, however. To paraphrase Mises, it is clear that no solution of the problem of elections is possible if one adheres to the ideal of the interventionist state. So long as elections are increasingly perceived to be referenda on which side shall use the power of the state to crush the other side, faith in the electoral system will erode, and the potential for real violence will increase. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
10460,Choosing a School for My Daughter in a Segregated City - The New York Times,"In the spring of 2014, when our daughter, Najya, was turning 4, my husband and I found ourselves facing our toughest decision since becoming parents. We live in   a   heavily black, rapidly gentrifying neighborhood of brownstones in central Brooklyn. The nearby public schools are named after people intended to evoke black uplift, like Marcus Garvey, a prominent black nationalist in the 1920s, and Carter G. Woodson, the father of Black History Month, but the schools are a disturbing reflection of New York City’s stark racial and socioeconomic divisions. In one of the most diverse cities in the world, the children who attend these schools learn in classrooms where all of their classmates  —   and I mean, in most cases, every single one  —   are black and Latino, and nearly every student is poor. Not surprisingly, the test scores of most of  ’s schools reflect the marginalization of their students. I didn’t know any of our   neighbors, black or white, who sent their children to one of these schools. They had managed to secure seats in the more diverse and economically advantaged magnet schools or    programs outside our area, or opted to pay hefty tuition to progressive but largely white private institutions. I knew this because from the moment we arrived in New York with our    we had many conversations about where we would, should and definitely should not send our daughter to school when the time came. My husband, Faraji, and I wanted to send our daughter to public school. Faraji, the oldest child in a military family, went to public schools that served Army bases both in America and abroad. As a result, he had a highly unusual experience for a black American child: He never attended a segregated public school a day of his life. He can now walk into any room and instantly start a conversation with the people there, whether they are young mothers gathered at a   tenants’ meeting or executives eating from small plates at a ritzy cocktail reception. I grew up in Waterloo, Iowa, on the wrong side of the river that divided white from black, opportunity from struggle, and started my education in a   school that my mother says was distressingly chaotic. I don’t recall it being bad, but I do remember just one white child in my   class, though there may have been more. That summer, my mom and dad enrolled my older sister and me in the school district’s voluntary desegregation program, which allowed some black kids to leave their neighborhood schools for whiter, more well off ones on the west side of town. This was 1982, nearly three decades after the Supreme Court ruled in Brown v. Board of Education that separate schools for black and white children were unconstitutional, and near the height of desegregation in this country. My parents chose one of the whitest, richest schools, thinking it would provide the best opportunities for us. Starting in second grade, I rode the bus an hour each morning across town to the “best” public school my town had to offer, Kingsley Elementary, where I was among the tiny number of   children and the even tinier number of black children. We did not walk to school or get dropped off by our parents on their way to work. We showed up in a yellow bus, visitors in someone else’s neighborhood, and were whisked back across the bridge each day as soon as the bell rang. I remember those years as emotionally and socially fraught, but also as academically stimulating and  . Aside from the rigorous classes and quality instruction I received, this was the first time I’d shared dinners in the homes of kids whose parents were doctors and lawyers and scientists. My mom was a probation officer, and my dad drove a bus, and most of my family members on both sides worked in factories or meatpacking plants or did other manual labor. I understood, even then, in a way both intuitive and defensive, that my school friends’ parents weren’t better than my neighborhood friends’ parents, who worked hard every day at hourly jobs. But this exposure helped me imagine possibilities, a course for myself that I had not considered before. It’s hard to say where any one person would have ended up if a single circumstance were different our life trajectories are shaped by so many external and internal factors. But I have no doubt my parents’ decision to pull me out of my segregated neighborhood school made the possibility of my getting from there to here  —   staff writer for The New York Times Magazine  —   more likely. Integration was transformative for my husband and me. Yet the idea of placing our daughter in one of the small number of integrated schools troubled me. These schools are disproportionately white and serve the middle and upper middle classes, with a smattering of poor black and Latino students to create “diversity. ” In a city where white children are only 15 percent of the more than one million   students, half of them are clustered in just 11 percent of the schools, which not coincidentally include many of the city’s top performers. Part of what makes those schools desirable to white parents, aside from the academics, is that they have some students of color, but not too many. This carefully curated integration, the kind that allows many white parents to boast that their children’s public schools look like the United Nations, comes at a steep cost for the rest of the city’s black and Latino children. The New York City   system is 41 percent Latino, 27 percent black and 16 percent Asian.   of all students are  . In 2014, the Civil Rights Project at the University of California, Los Angeles, released a report showing that New York City public schools are among the most segregated in the country. Black and Latino children here have become increasingly isolated, with 85 percent of black students and 75 percent of Latino students attending “intensely” segregated schools  —   schools that are less than 10 percent white. This is not just New York’s problem. I’ve spent much of my career as a reporter chronicling rampant school segregation in every region of the country, and the ways that segregated schools harm black and Latino children. One study published in 2009 in The Journal of Policy Analysis and Management showed that the academic achievement gap for black children increased as they spent time in segregated schools. Schools with large numbers of black and Latino kids are less likely to have experienced teachers, advanced courses, instructional materials and adequate facilities, according to the United States Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights. Most black and Latino students today are segregated by both race and class, a combination that wreaks havoc on the learning environment. Research stretching back 50 years shows that the socioeconomic makeup of a school can play a larger role in achievement than the poverty of an individual student’s family. Getting Najya into one of the disproportionately white schools in the city felt like accepting the inevitability of this   system: one set of schools with excellent resources for white kids and some black and Latino   kids, a second set of underresourced schools for the rest of the city’s black and Latino kids. When the New York City Public Schools catalog arrived in the mail one day that spring, with information about Mayor Bill de Blasio’s new universal prekindergarten program, I told Faraji that I wanted to enroll Najya in a segregated,   school. Faraji’s eyes widened as I explained that if we removed Najya, whose name we chose because it means “liberated” and “free” in Swahili, from the experience of most black and Latino children, we would be part of the problem. Saying my child deserved access to “good” public schools felt like implying that children in “bad” schools deserved the schools they got, too. I understood that so much of school segregation is structural  —   a result of decades of housing discrimination, of political calculations and the machinations of policy makers, of simple inertia. But I also believed that it is the choices of individual parents that uphold the system, and I was determined not to do what I’d seen so many others do when their values about integration collided with the reality of where to send their own children to school. One family, or even a few families, cannot transform a segregated school, but if none of us were willing to go into them, nothing would change. Putting our child into a segregated school would not integrate it racially, but we are   and would, at least, help to integrate it economically. As a reporter, I’d witnessed how the presence of even a handful of   families made it less likely that a school would be neglected. I also knew that we would be able to make up for Najya anything the school was lacking. As I told Faraji my plan, he slowly shook his head no. He wanted to look into parochial schools, or one of the “good” public schools, or even private schools. So we argued, pleading our cases from the living room, up the steps to our office lined with books on slavery and civil rights, and back down, before we came to an impasse and retreated to our respective corners. There is nothing harder than navigating our nation’s racial legacy in this country, and the problem was that we each knew the other was right and wrong at the same time. Faraji couldn’t believe that I was asking him to expose our child to the type of education that the two of us had managed to avoid. He worried that we would be hurting Najya if we put her in a     school. “Are we experimenting with our child based on our idealism about public schools?” he asked. “Are we putting her at a disadvantage?” At the heart of Faraji’s concern was a fear that grips black families like ours. We each came from   roots, fought our way into the middle class and had no family wealth or safety net to fall back on. Faraji believed that our gains were too tenuous to risk putting our child in anything but a   school. And he was right to be worried. In 2014, the Brookings Institution found that black children are particularly vulnerable to downward mobility  —   nearly seven of 10 black children born into   families don’t maintain that income level as adults. There was no margin for error, and we had to use our relative status to fight to give Najya every advantage. Hadn’t we worked hard, he asked, frustration building in his voice, precisely so that she would not have to go to the types of schools that trapped so many black children? Eventually I persuaded him to visit a few schools with me. Before work, we peered into the classrooms of three neighborhood schools, and a fourth, Public School 307, located in the Vinegar Hill section of Brooklyn, near the East River waterfront and a few miles from our home. P. S. 307’s attendance zone was drawn snugly around five of the 10 buildings that make up the Farragut Houses, a   project with 3, 200 residents across from the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The school’s population was 91 percent black and Latino. Nine of 10 students met federal poverty standards. But what went on inside the school was unlike what goes on in most schools serving the city’s poorest children. This was in large part because of the efforts of a remarkable principal, Roberta Davenport. She grew up in Farragut, and her younger siblings attended P. S. 307. She became principal five decades later in 2003, to a   school. Davenport commuted from Connecticut, but her car was usually the first one in the parking lot each morning, often because she worked so late into the night that, exhausted, she would sleep at a friend’s nearby instead of making the long drive home. Soft of voice but steely in character, she rejected the spare educational orthodoxy often reserved for poor black and brown children that strips away everything that makes school joyous in order to focus solely on improving test scores. These children from the projects learned Mandarin, took violin lessons and played chess. Thanks to her hard work, the school had recently received money from a federal magnet grant, which funded a science, engineering and technology program aimed at drawing   children from outside its attendance zone. Faraji and I walked the bright halls of P. S. 307, taking in the reptiles in the science room and the students learning piano during music class. The walls were papered with the precocious musings of elementary children. While touring the schools, Faraji later told me, he started feeling guilty about his instinct to keep Najya out of them. Were these children, he asked himself, worthy of any less than his own child? “These are kids who look like you,” he told me. “Kids like the ones you grew up with. I was being very selfish about it, thinking: I am going to get mine for my child, and that’s it. And I am ashamed of that. ” When it was time to submit our school choices to the city, we put down all four of the schools we visited. In May 2014, we learned Najya had gotten into our first choice, P. S. 307. We were excited but also nervous. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel pulled in the way other parents with options feel pulled. I had moments when I couldn’t ignore the nagging fear that in my quest for fairness, I was being unfair to my own daughter. I worried  —   I worry still  —   about whether I made the right decision for our little girl. But I knew I made the just one. For many white Americans, millions of black and Latino children attending segregated schools may seem like a throwback to another era, a problem we solved long ago. And legally, we did. In 1954, the Supreme Court issued its landmark Brown v. Board of Education ruling, striking down laws that forced black and white children to attend separate schools. But while Brown v. Board targeted segregation by state law, we have proved largely unwilling to address segregation that is maintained by other means, resulting from the nation’s long and racist history. In the Supreme Court’s decision, the justices responded unanimously to a group of five cases, including that of Linda Brown, a black    who was not allowed to go to her white neighborhood school in Topeka, Kan. but was made to ride a bus to a black school much farther away. The court determined that separate schools, even if they had similar resources, were “inherently”  —   by their nature  —   unequal, causing profound damage to the children who attended them and hobbling their ability to live as full citizens of their country. The court’s decision hinged on sociological research, including a key study by the psychologists Kenneth Clark and Mamie Phipps Clark, a    team who gave black children in segregated schools in the North and the South black and white dolls and asked questions about how they perceived them. Most students described the white dolls as good and smart and the black dolls as bad and stupid. (The Clarks also found that segregation hurt white children’s development.) Chief Justice Earl Warren felt so passionate about the issue that he read the court’s opinion aloud: “Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other ‘tangible’ factors may be equal, deprive the children of the minority group of equal educational opportunities? We believe that it does. ” The ruling made clear that because this nation was founded on a racial caste system, black children would never become equals as long as they were separated from white children. In New York City, home to the largest black population in the country, the decision was celebrated by many liberals as the final strike against school segregation in the “backward” South. But Kenneth Clark, the first black person to earn a doctorate in psychology at Columbia University and to hold a permanent professorship at City College of New York, was quick to dismiss Northern righteousness on race matters. At a meeting of the Urban League around the time of the decision, he charged that though New York had no law requiring segregation, it intentionally separated its students by assigning them to schools based on their race or building schools deep in segregated neighborhoods. In many cases, Clark said, black children were attending schools that were worse than those attended by their black counterparts in the South. Clark’s words shamed proudly progressive white New Yorkers and embarrassed those overseeing the nation’s largest school system. The New York City Board of Education released a forceful statement promising to integrate its schools: “Segregated, racially homogeneous schools damage the personality of   children. These schools decrease their motivation and thus impair their ability to learn. White children are also damaged. Public education in a racially homogeneous setting is socially unrealistic and blocks the attainment of the goals of democratic education, whether this segregation occurs by law or by fact. ” The head of the Board of Education undertook an investigation in 1955 that confirmed the widespread separation of black and Puerto Rican children in dilapidated buildings with the   and   teachers. Their schools were so overcrowded that some black children went to school for only part of the day to give others a turn. The Board of Education appointed a commission to develop a citywide integration plan. But when school officials took some token steps, they faced a wave of white opposition. “It was most intense in the white neighborhoods closest to   neighborhoods, because they were the ones most likely to be affected by desegregation plans,” says Thomas Sugrue, a historian at New York University and the author of “Sweet Land of Liberty: The Forgotten Struggle for Civil Rights in the North. ” By the  ’60s, there were few signs of integration in New York’s schools. In fact, the number of segregated   schools in the city had quadrupled by 1964. That February, civil rights leaders called for a major   boycott of the New York City schools. Some 460, 000 black and Puerto Rican students stayed home to protest their segregation. It was the largest demonstration for civil rights in the nation’s history. But the boycott upset many white liberals, who thought it was too aggressive, and as thousands of white families fled to the suburbs, the integration campaign collapsed. Even as New York City was ending its only significant effort to desegregate, the Supreme Court was expanding the Brown ruling. Beginning in the  ’60s, the court handed down a series of decisions that determined that not only did Brown v. Board allow the use of race to remedy the effects of   schools, it also required it. Assigning black students to white schools and vice versa was necessary to destroy a system built on racism  —   even if white families didn’t like it. “All things being equal, with no history of discrimination, it might well be desirable to assign pupils to schools nearest their homes,” the court wrote in its 1971 ruling in Swann v.   Board of Education, which upheld busing to desegregate schools in Charlotte, N. C. “But all things are not equal in a system that has been deliberately constructed and maintained to enforce racial segregation. The remedy for such segregation may be administratively awkward, inconvenient and even bizarre in some situations, and may impose burdens on some but all awkwardness and inconvenience cannot be avoided. ” In what would be an extremely rare and fleeting moment in American history, all three branches of the federal government aligned on the issue. Congress passed the 1964 Civil Rights Act, pushed by President Lyndon B. Johnson, which prohibited segregated lunch counters, buses and parks and allowed the Department of Justice for the first time to sue school districts to force integration. It also gave the government the power to withhold federal funds if the districts did not comply. By 1973, 91 percent of black children in the former Confederate and border states attended school with white children. But while Northern congressmen embraced efforts to force integration in the South, some balked at efforts to desegregate their own schools. They tucked a passage into the 1964 Civil Rights Act aiming to limit school desegregation in the North by prohibiting school systems from assigning students to schools in order to integrate them unless ordered to do so by a court. Because Northern officials often practiced segregation without the cover of law, it was far less likely that judges would find them in violation of the Constitution. Not long after, the nation began its retreat from integration. Richard Nixon was elected president in 1968, with the help of a coalition of white voters who opposed integration in housing and schools. He appointed four conservative justices to the Supreme Court and set the stage for a profound legal shift. Since 1974, when the Milliken v. Bradley decision struck down a lower court’s order for a    desegregation program between nearly   Detroit city schools and the white suburbs surrounding the city, a series of major Supreme Court rulings on school desegregation have limited the reach of Brown. When Ronald Reagan became president in 1981, he promoted the notion that using race to integrate schools was just as bad as using race to segregate them. He urged the nation to focus on improving segregated schools by holding them to strict standards, a tacit return to the “separate but equal” doctrine that was roundly rejected in Brown. His administration emphasized that busing and other desegregation programs discriminated against white students. Reagan eliminated federal dollars earmarked to help desegregation and pushed to end hundreds of   court orders. Yet this was the very period when the benefits of integration were becoming most apparent. By 1988, a year after Faraji and I entered middle school, school integration in the United States had reached its peak and the achievement gap between black and white students was at its lowest point since the government began collecting data. The difference in black and white reading scores fell to half what it was in 1971, according to data from the National Center for Education Statistics. (As schools have since resegregated, the   gap has only grown.) The improvements for black children did not come at the cost of white children. As black test scores rose, so did white ones. Decades of studies have affirmed integration’s power. A 2010 study released by the Century Foundation found that when children in public housing in Montgomery County, Md. enrolled in   schools, the differences between their scores and those of their wealthier classmates decreased by half in math and a third in reading, and they pulled significantly ahead of their counterparts in poor schools. In fact, integration changes the entire trajectory of black students’ lives. A 2015 longitudinal study by the economist Rucker Johnson at the University of California, Berkeley, followed black adults who had attended desegregated schools and showed that these adults, when compared with their counterparts or even their own siblings in segregated schools, were less likely to be poor, suffer health problems and go to jail, and more likely to go to college and reside in integrated neighborhoods. They even lived longer. Critically, these benefits were passed on to their children, while the children of adults who went to segregated schools were more likely to perform poorly in school or drop out. But integration as a constitutional mandate, as justice for black and Latino children, as a moral righting of past wrongs, is no longer our country’s stated goal. The Supreme Court has effectively sided with Reagan, requiring strict legal colorblindness even if it leaves segregation intact, and even striking down desegregation programs that ensured integration for thousands of black students if a single white child did not get into her school of choice. The most recent example was a 2007 case that came to be known as Parents Involved. White parents in Seattle and Jefferson County, Kentucky, challenged voluntary integration programs, claiming the districts discriminated against white children by considering race as a factor in apportioning students among schools in order to keep them racially balanced. Five conservative justices struck down these integration plans. In 1968, the court ruled in Green v. County School Board of New Kent County that we should no longer look across a city and see a “’u2009‘white’ school and a ‘Negro’ school, but just schools. ” In 2007, Chief Justice John Roberts Jr. wrote: “Before Brown, schoolchildren were told where they could and could not go to school based on the color of their skin. The school districts in these cases have not carried the heavy burden of demonstrating that we should allow this once again  —   even for very different reasons. . .. The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race. ” Legally and culturally, we’ve come to accept segregation once again. Today, across the country, black children are more segregated than they have been at any point in nearly half a century. Except for a few remaining   desegregation programs, intentional integration almost never occurs unless it’s in the interests of white students. This is even the case in New York City, under the stewardship of Mayor de Blasio, who campaigned by highlighting the city’s racial and economic inequality. De Blasio and his schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, have acknowledged that they don’t believe their job is to force school integration. “I want to see diversity in schools organically,” Fariña said at a   meeting in Lower Manhattan in February. “I don’t want to see mandates. ” The shift in language that trades the word “integration” for “diversity” is critical. Here in this city, as in many, diversity functions as a boutique offering for the children of the privileged but does little to ensure quality education for poor black and Latino children. “The moral vision behind Brown v. Board of Education is dead,” Ritchie Torres, a city councilman who represents the Bronx and has been pushing the city to address school segregation, told me. Integration, he says, is seen as “something that would be nice to have but not something we need to create a more equitable society. At the same time, we have an intensely segregated school system that is denying a generation of kids of color a fighting chance at a decent life. ” Najya, of course, had no idea about any of this. She just knew she loved P. S. 307, waking up each morning excited to head to her   class, where her two best friends were a little black girl named Imani from Farragut and a little white boy named Sam, one of a handful of white   students at the school, with whom we   from our neighborhood. Four excellent teachers, all of them of color, guided Najya and her classmates with a professionalism and affection that belied the school’s dismal test scores. Faraji and I threw ourselves into the school, joining the   association and the school’s leadership team, attending assemblies and chaperoning field trips. We found ourselves relieved at how well things were going. Internally, I started to exhale. But in the spring of 2015, as Najya’s first year was nearing its end, we read in the news that another elementary school, P. S. 8, less than a mile from P. S. 307 in affluent Brooklyn Heights, was plagued by overcrowding. Some students zoned for that school might be rerouted to ours. This made geographic sense. P. S. 8’s zone was expansive, stretching across Brooklyn Heights under the Manhattan bridge to the Dumbo neighborhood and Vinegar Hill, the neighborhood around P. S. 307. P. S. 8’s lines were drawn when most of the development there consisted of factories and warehouses. But gentrification overtook Dumbo, which hugs the East River and provides breathtaking views of the skyline and a quick commute to Manhattan. The largely    and white and Asian children living directly across the street from P. S. 307 were zoned to the heavily white P. S. 8. To accommodate the surging population, P. S. 8 had turned its drama and dance rooms into general classrooms and cut its   but it still had to place up to 28 kids in each class. Meanwhile, P. S. 307 sat at the center of the neighborhood population boom, half empty. Its attendance zone included only the Farragut Houses and was one of the tiniest in the city. Because Farragut residents were aging, with dwindling numbers of   children, P. S. 307 was underenrolled. In early spring 2015, the city’s Department of Education sent out notices telling 50 families that had applied to kindergarten at P. S. 8 that their children would be placed on the waiting list and instead guaranteed admission to P. S. 307. Distraught parents dashed off letters to school administrators and to their elected officials. They pleaded their case to the press. “We bought a home here, and one of the main reasons was because it was known that kindergarten admissions [at P. S. 8] were pretty much guaranteed,” one parent told The New York Post, adding that he wouldn’t send his child to P. S. 307. Another parent whose twins had secured coveted spots made the objections to P. S. 307 more plain: “I would be concerned about safety,” he said. “I don’t hear good things about that school. ” That May, as I sat at a meeting that P. S. 8 parents arranged with school officials, I was struck by the sheer power these parents had drawn into that auditorium. This meeting about the overcrowding at P. S. 8, which involved 50 children in a system of more than one million, had summoned a state senator, a state assemblywoman, a City Council member, the city comptroller and the staff members of several other elected officials. It had rarely been clearer to me how segregation and integration, at their core, are about power and who gets access to it. As the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. wrote in 1967: “I cannot see how the Negro will totally be liberated from the crushing weight of poor education, squalid housing and economic strangulation until he is integrated, with power, into every level of American life. ” As the politicians looked on, two white fathers gave an impassioned PowerPoint presentation in which they asked the Department of Education to place more children into   classrooms rather than send kids zoned to P. S. 8 to P. S. 307. Another speaker, whose child had been   choked up as he talked about having to break it to his   son that he would not be able to go to school with the children with whom he’d shared play dates and Sunday dinners. “We haven’t told him yet” that he didn’t get into P. S. 8, the father said, as eyes in the crowd grew misty. “We hope to never have to tell him. ” The meeting was emotional and at times angry, with parents shouting out their anxieties about safety and low test scores at P. S. 307. But the concerns they voiced may have also masked something else. While suburban parents, who are mostly white, say they are selecting schools based on test scores, the racial makeup of a school actually plays a larger role in their school decisions, according to a 2009 study published in The American Journal of Education. Amy Stuart Wells, a professor of sociology and education at Columbia University’s Teachers College, found the same thing when she studied how white parents choose schools in New York City. “In a   era, we don’t have to say it’s about race or the color of the kids in the building,” Wells told me. “We can concentrate poverty and kids of color and then fail to provide the resources to support and sustain those schools, and then we can see a school full of black kids and then say, ‘Oh, look at their test scores.’ It’s all very tidy now, this whole system. ” I left that meeting upset about how P. S. 307 had been characterized, but I didn’t give it much thought again until the end of summer, when Najya was about to start kindergarten. I heard that the community education council was holding a meeting to discuss a potential rezoning of P. S. 8 and P. S. 307. The council, an elected group that oversees 28 public schools in District 13, including P. S. 8 and P. S. 307, is responsible for approving zoning decisions. School was still out for the summer, and almost no P. S. 307 parents knew plans were underway that could affect them. At the meeting, two men from the school system’s Office of District Planning projected a rezoning map onto a screen. The plan would split the P. S. 8 zone roughly in half, divided by the Brooklyn Bridge. It would turn P. S. 8 into the exclusive neighborhood school for Brooklyn Heights and reroute Dumbo and Vinegar Hill students to P. S. 307. A tall, white man with brown hair that flopped over his forehead said he was from Concord Village, a complex that should have fallen on the 307 side of the line. He thanked the council for producing a plan that reflected his neighbors’ concerns by keeping his complex in the P. S. 8 zone. It became clear that while parents in Farragut, Dumbo and Vinegar Hill had not even known about the rezoning plan, some residents had organized and lobbied to influence how the lines were drawn. The officials presented the rezoning plan, which would affect incoming kindergartners, as beneficial to everyone. If the children in the part of the zone newly assigned to P. S. 307 enrolled at the school, P. S. 8’s overcrowding would be relieved at least temporarily. And P. S. 307, the officials’ presentation showed, would fill its empty seats with white children and give all the school’s students that most elusive thing: integration. It was hard not to be skeptical about the department’s plan. New York, like many deeply segregated cities, has a terrible track record of maintaining racial balance in formerly underenrolled segregated schools once white families come in. Schools like P. S. 321 in Brooklyn’s Park Slope neighborhood and the Academy of Arts and Letters in Fort Greene tend to go through a brief period of transitional integration, in which significant numbers of white students enroll, and then the numbers of Latino and black students dwindle. In fact, that’s exactly what happened at P. S. 8. A decade ago, P. S. 8 was P. S. 307’s mirror image. Predominantly filled with   black and Latino students from surrounding neighborhoods, P. S. 8, with its low test scores and low enrollment, languished amid a community of affluence because white parents in the neighborhood refused to send their children there. A group of parents worked hard with school administrators to turn the school around, writing grants to start programs for art and other enrichment activities. Then more white and Asian parents started to enroll their children. One of them was David Goldsmith, who later became president of the community education council tasked with considering the rezoning of P. S. 8 and P. S. 307. Goldsmith is white and, at the time, lived in Vinegar Hill with his Filipino wife and their daughter. As P. S. 8 improved, more and more white families from Brooklyn Heights, Dumbo and Vinegar Hill enrolled their children, and the classrooms in the lower grades became majority white. The whitening of the school had unintended consequences. Some of the black and Latino parents whose children had been in the school from the beginning felt as if they were being marginalized. The white parents were able to raise large sums at   and could be dismissive of the much smaller   efforts that had come before. Then, Goldsmith says, the new parents started seeking to separate their children from their poorer classmates. “There were kids in the school that were really   kids, kids who were homeless, living in temporary shelters, you know, poverty can be really brutal,” Goldsmith says. “The school was really committed to helping all children, but we had white   parents saying, ‘I don’t want my child in the same class with the kid who has emotional issues. ’’u2009” The parents who had helped build P. S. 8, black, Latino, white and Asian, feared they were losing something important, a truly diverse school that nurtured its neediest students, where families held equal value no matter the size of their paychecks. They asked for a plan to help the school maintain its black and Latino population by setting aside a percentage of seats for   children, but they didn’t get approval. P. S. 8’s transformation to a school where only one in four students are black or Latino and only 14 percent are   began during the administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg, known for its indifference toward efforts to integrate schools. But integration advocates say that they’ve also been deeply disappointed by the de Blasio administration’s stance on the issue. In October 2014, after the release of the U. C. L. A. study pointing to the extreme segregation in the city’s schools, and nearly a year after de Blasio was elected, Councilmen Ritchie Torres and Brad Lander moved to force the administration to address segregation, introducing what became the School Diversity Accountability Act, which would require the Department of Education to release   figures and report what it was doing to alleviate the problem. “It was always right in front of our faces,” says Lander, a representative from Brooklyn, whose own children attend heavily white public schools. “Then the U. C. L. A. report hit, and the segregation in the city became urgent. ” The same month that Lander and Torres introduced the bill, Fariña, the schools chancellor, took questions at a    meeting for area schools held at P. S. 307. A group of four women, two white, two black, walked to the microphone to address Fariña. They said that they were parents in heavily gentrified Park Slope, and that Fariña’s administration had been ignoring their calls to help their school retain its diminishing black and Latino populations by implementing a policy to set aside seats for   children. Fariña, a diminutive woman with a   attitude, responded by acknowledging that there “are no easy answers” to the problem of segregation, and warned that there were “federal guidelines” limiting “what we can do around diversity. ” What Fariña was referring to is unclear. While the Supreme Court’s 2007 ruling in Parents Involved tossed out integration plans that took into account the race of individual students, the court has never taken issue with using students’ socioeconomic status for creating or preserving integration, which is what these parents were seeking. In addition, the Obama administration released guidelines in 2011 that explicitly outlined the ways school systems could legally use race to integrate schools. Those include drawing a school’s attendance zone around black and white neighborhoods. At another   meeting in Manhattan last October, Fariña said, “You don’t need to have diversity within one building. ” Instead, she suggested that poor students in segregated schools could be pen pals and share resources with students in wealthier, integrated public schools. “We adopt schools from China, Korea or wherever,” Fariña told the room of parents. “Why not in our own neighborhoods?” Integration advocates lambasted her for what they considered a callous portrayal of integration as nothing more than a cultural exchange. “Fariña’s silly   comment shows how desensitized we’ve become,” Torres told me. “It could be that the political establishment is willfully blind to the impact of racial segregation and has led themselves to believe that we can close the achievement gap without desegregating our school system. At worst it’s a lie at best it’s a delusion. ” He continued, “The scandal is not that we are failing to achieve diversity. The scandal is we are not even trying. ” Fariña would only talk to me for 15 minutes by phone. She told me in May that her   comments had been taken out of context. “If you hear any of my public speeches, this has always been a priority of mine,” she said. “Diversity of all types has always been a priority. ” She went on to talk about the city’s special programs for autistic students and about how Japanese students have benefited from the expansion of   programs. But   students are already the group most integrated with white students. When pressed about integration specifically for black and Latino students, Fariña said the city has been working to support schools that are seeking more diversity and mentioned a socioeconomic integration pilot program at seven schools. “I do believe New York City is making strides. It is a major focus going forward. ” On May 30, four days after our interview, the Department of Education said in an article in The Daily News that it was starting a voluntary systemwide “Diversity in Admissions” program and would be requesting proposals from principals. In 2014, several principals said they had submitted integration proposals and had not gotten any response from Fariña. The announcement of the new initiative caught both principals and parents by surprise. Jill Bloomberg, principal at Brooklyn’s Park Slope Collegiate, which teaches sixth through 12th grade, says she learned about the initiative from the news article but otherwise had heard nothing about it, even though the deadline to submit proposals is July 8, about a month away. “I am eager for some official notification for exactly what the program is,” she told me. David Goldsmith, who has been working on desegregation efforts as a member of the community education council, says he found the initiative, its timing and the short deadline for submitting proposals “puzzling. ” “We could be very cynical and say, ‘They are not serious,’’u2009” he says. Last June, de Blasio signed the School Diversity Accountability Act into law. But the law mandates only that the Department of Education report segregation numbers, not that it do anything to integrate schools. De Blasio declined to be interviewed, but when asked at a news conference in November why the city did not at least do what it could to redraw attendance lines, he defended the property rights of affluent parents who buy into neighborhoods to secure entry into heavily white schools. “You have to also respect families who have made a decision to live in a certain area,” he said, because families have “made massive life decisions and investments because of which school their kid would go to. ” The mayor suggested there was little he could do because school segregation simply was a reflection of New York’s stark housing segregation, entrenched by decades of discriminatory local and federal policy. “This is the history of America,” he said. Of course, de Blasio is right: Housing segregation and school segregation have always been entwined in America. But the opportunity to buy into “good” neighborhoods with “good” schools that de Blasio wants to protect has never been equally available to all. To best understand how so many poor black and Latino children end up in neglected schools, and why so many white families have the money to buy into neighborhoods with the best schools, you need to look no further than the history of the Farragut Houses and P. S. 307. Looking at P. S. 307 today, you might find it hard to imagine that the school did not start out segregated. The   brick elementary school, which opened in 1964, and the Farragut   projects right outside its front doors once stood as hopeful, integrated islands in a city fractured by strict color lines in both its neighborhoods and its schools. The 10 Farragut buildings, spread across roughly 18 acres, opened in 1952 as part of a scramble to house returning G. I. s and their families after World War II. When the first tenants moved in, the sprawling campus  —   named for David Farragut, an admiral of the United States Navy  —   was considered a model of progressive   housing, with its open green spaces, elevators, modern heating plant, laundry and community center. In 1952, a black woman named Gladys McBeth became one of Farragut’s earliest tenants. Nearly three generations later, when I visited her in November, she was living in the same   apartment, where she paid about $1, 000 a month in rent. Back then, she said, Farragut was a place for strivers. “I didn’t know nothing about projects when I moved in,” she said. “It was veteran housing. ” The project housed roughly even numbers of black and white tenants, including migrants escaping hardship from Poland, Puerto Rico and Italy, and from the feudal American South. To get in, everyone had to show proof of marriage, a husband’s   papers and pay stubs. Robert McBeth, Gladys’s husband, drove a truck, while she stayed home raising their four children. In the years before the Brown decision, the oldest of the McBeth children went to a nearby school where the kids were predominantly black and Latino, because the New York City Board of Education bused white children in the area to other schools, according to the N. A. A. C. P. School officials at the time, as today, claimed the racial makeup of the schools was an inevitable result of residential segregation. Though Farragut was not yet segregated, most of the city was. And that segregation in housing often resulted from legal and open discrimination that was encouraged and condoned by the state, and at times required by the federal government. Nowhere would that become more evident than in Farragut, which by the 1960s was careering toward the same fate overtaking nearly all public housing in big cities. White residents used Federal Housing   loans to buy their way out of the projects and to move to shiny new   subdivisions. This subsidized   boom led to one of the broadest expansions of the American middle class ever, almost exclusively to the benefit of white families. The F. H. A. ’s explicitly racist underwriting standards, which rated black and integrated neighborhoods as uninsurable, made federally insured home loans largely unavailable to black home seekers.   percent of these loans made between 1934 and 1968 went to white Americans. Housing discrimination was legal until 1968. Even if black Americans managed to secure home loans, many homes were   either because they had provisions in their deeds prohibiting their sale to black buyers or because entire communities  —   including publicly subsidized   developments like Levittown on Long Island and Stuyvesant Town in Manhattan  —   barred black home buyers and tenants outright. The McBeths tried to buy a house, but like so many of Farragut’s black tenants, they were not able to. They continued to rent while many of their white neighbors bought homes and built wealth. Scholars attribute a large part of the yawning wealth gap between black and white Americans  —   the typical white person has 13 times the wealth of a typical black person  —   to discriminatory housing policies. But before Farragut’s white tenants left, parents of all colors sent their children to P. S. 307. Gladys McBeth, who died in May, sent her youngest child across the street to P. S. 307 and worked there as a school aide for 23 years. “It was one of the best schools in the district,” she reminisced, sitting in a worn paisley chair. But by 1972, Farragut was more than 80 percent black, and to fill the vacant units and house the city’s growing indigent population, the city changed the guideline for income and work requirements, turning the projects from largely   to  . At some point, P. S. 307’s attendance zone was redrawn to include only the Farragut Houses, ensuring the students would be black, Latino and poor. The New York City Department of Education does not keep attendance data before 2000, but as McBeth remembered it, by the late ’80s, P. S. 307 was also almost entirely black and Latino. McBeth, who sent all four of her children to college, shook her head. “It all changed. ” P. S. 307 was a very different place from what it had been, but Najya was thriving. I watched as she and her classmates went from struggling to sound out   words to reading entire books. She would surprise me in the car rides after school with her discussions of hypotheses and photosynthesis, words we hadn’t taught her. And there was something almost breathtaking about witnessing an auditorium full of mostly   black and Latino children confidently singing in Mandarin and beating Chinese drums as they performed a fan dance to celebrate the Lunar New Year. But I also knew how fragile success at a school like P. S. 307 could be. The few segregated,   schools we hold up as exceptions are almost always headed by a singular principal like Roberta Davenport. But relying on one dynamic leader is a precarious means of ensuring a quality education. With all the resources Davenport was able to draw to the school, P. S. 307’s test scores still dropped this year. The school suffers from the same chronic absenteeism that plagues other schools with large numbers of   families. And then Davenport retired last summer, just as the clashes over P. S. 307’s integration were heating up, causing alarm among parents. Najya and the other children at P. S. 307 were unaware of the turmoil and the battle lines adults were drawing outside the school’s doors. Faraji, my husband, had been elected   of P. S. 307’s P. T. A. along with Benjamin Greene, another black   parent from   who also serves on the community education council. As the potential for rezoning loomed over the school, they were forced to turn their attention from   and planning events to working to prevent the city’s plan from ultimately creating another mostly white school. It was important to them that Farragut residents, who were largely unaware of the process, had a say over what happened. Faraji and I had found it hard to bridge the class divides between the Farragut families and the   black families, like ours, from outside the neighborhood. We parents were all cordial toward one another. Outside the school, though, we mostly went our separate ways. But after the rezoning was proposed, Faraji and Benjamin worked with the Rev. Dr. Mark V. C. Taylor of the Church of the Open Door, which sits on the Farragut property, and canvassed the projects to talk to parents and inform them of the city’s proposal. Not one P. S. 307 parent they spoke to knew anything about the plan, and they were immediately worried and fearful about what it would mean for their children. P. S. 307 was that rare example of a   segregated school, and these parents knew it. The Farragut parents were also angry and hurt over how their school and their children had been talked about in public meetings and the press. Some white Dumbo parents had told Davenport that they’d be willing to enroll their children only if she agreed to put the new students all together in their own classroom. Farragut parents feared their children would be marginalized. If the school eventually filled up with children from   white families  —   the median income for Dumbo and Vinegar Hill residents is almost 10 times that of Farragut residents  —   the character of the school could change, and as had happened at other schools like P. S. 8, the results might not benefit the black and Latino students. Among other things, P. S. 307 might no longer qualify for federal funds for special programming, like free   care, to help   families. “I don’t have a problem with people coming in,” Saaiba Coles, a Farragut mother with two children at P. S. 307, told those gathered at a community meeting about the rezoning. “I just don’t want them to forget about the kids that were already here. ” Faraji and Benjamin collected and delivered to the education council a petition with more than 400 signatures of Farragut residents supporting the rezoning, but only under certain conditions, including that half of all the seats at P. S. 307 would be guaranteed for   children. That would ensure that the school remained truly integrated and that new   parents would have to share power in deciding the direction of the school. In January of this year, the education council held a meeting to vote on the rezoning. Nearly four dozen Farragut residents who’d taken two buses chartered by the church filed into the auditorium of a Brooklyn elementary school, sitting behind a cluster of anxious parents from Dumbo. Reporters lined up alongside them. In the months since the potential rezoning plan was announced, the spectacle of an integration fight in the progressive bastion of Brooklyn had attracted media attention. Coverage appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and on WNYC. “Brooklyn hipsters fight school desegregation,” the news site Raw Story proclaimed. The meeting lasted more than three hours as parents spoke passionately, imploring the council to delay the vote so that the two communities could try to get to know each other and figure out how they could bridge their economic, racial and cultural divides. Both Dumbo and Farragut parents asked the district for leadership, fearing integration that was not intentionally planned would fail. In the end, the council proceeded with the vote, approving the rezoning with a 50 percent     but children living in P. S. 307’s attendance zone would receive priority. But that’s not a guarantee. White children under the age of 5 outnumber black and Latino children of the same age in the new zone, according to census data. And the white population will only grow as new developments go on the market. Without holding seats for   children, it’s not certain the school will achieve 50 percent   enrollment. David Goldsmith, president of the council, told me he didn’t believe that creating     in only one school made sense he is working to create a plan that would try to integrate the schools in the entire district that includes P. S. 8 and P. S. 307. But Benjamin Greene, who voted against the rezoning because it did not guarantee that half of the seats would remain for   children, said: “We cannot sit around and wait until somebody decides on this wonderful formula districtwide. We have to preserve these schools one at a time. ” In voting for the rezoning, the council touted its bravery and boldness in choosing integration in a system that seemed opposed to it. “With the eyes of the nation upon us,” Goldsmith began. “Voting ‘yes’ means we refuse to be victims of the past. We are ready to do this. The time is now. We owe this to our children. ” But the decision felt more like a victory for the status quo. This rezoning did not occur because it was in the best interests of P. S. 307’s black and Latino children, but because it served the interests of the wealthy, white parents of Brooklyn Heights. P. S. 8 will only get whiter and more exclusive: The council failed to mention at the meeting that the plan would send future students from the only three Farragut buildings that had been zoned for P. S. 8 to P. S. 307, ultimately removing almost all the   students from P. S. 8 and turning it into one of the most affluent schools in the city. The Department of Education projects that within six years, P. S. 8 could be   white in a school system where only   of the kids are white. P. S. 307 may eventually look similar. Without seats guaranteed for   children, and with an increasing white population in the zone, the school may flip and become mostly white and overcrowded. Farragut parents worry that at that point, the project’s children, like those at P. S. 8, could be zoned out of their own school. A decade from now, integration advocates could be lamenting how P. S. 307 went from nearly all black and Latino to being integrated for a period to heavily white. That transition isn’t going to happen immediately, so some Dumbo parents have threatened to move, or enroll their children in private schools. Others are struggling over what to do. By allowing such vast disparities between public schools  —   racially, socioeconomically and academically  —   this city has made integration the hardest choice. “You’re not living in Brooklyn if you don’t want to have a diverse system around your kid,” Michael Jones, who lives in Brooklyn Heights and considered sending his twins to P. S. 307 for   because P. S. 8 no longer offered it, told me over coffee. “You want it to be multicultural. You know, if you didn’t want that, you’d be in private school, or you would be in a different area. So, we’re all living in Brooklyn because we want that to be part of the upbringing. But you can understand how a parent might look at it and go, ‘While I want diversity, I don’t want profound imbalance.’ ” He thought about what it would have meant for his boys to be among the few   children in P. S. 307. “We could look at it and see there is probably going to be a clash of some kind,” he said. “My kid’s not an experiment. ” In the end, he felt that he could not take a chance on his children’s education and sent them to private preschool they now go to P. S. 8. This sense of helplessness in the face of such entrenched segregation is what makes so alluring the notion, embraced by liberals and conservatives, that we can address school inequality not with integration but by giving poor, segregated schools more resources and demanding of them more accountability. True integration, true equality, requires a surrendering of advantage, and when it comes to our own children, that can feel almost unnatural. Najya’s first two years in public school helped me understand this better than I ever had before. Even Kenneth Clark, the psychologist whose research showed the debilitating effects of segregation on black children, chose not to enroll his children in the segregated schools he was fighting against. “My children,” he said, “only have one life. ” But so do the children relegated to this city’s segregated schools. They have only one life, too.",0
10461,Five Sauces for the Modern Cook - The New York Times,"Without apology or even a trace of sheepishness, Travis Lett confessed to being a thief. Of course, the only person this pensive chef ever steals from is himself. At Gjelina, his Los Angeles restaurant with a large,   menu, “We’re constantly appropriating elements from dishes we’ve done in the past to create new combinations,” he said. Upon receiving a delivery of squid so fresh it luminesces, he won’t conceive of a whole new way to serve it. Instead he’ll scan the previous night’s menu for the right sauce to repurpose, an enlivening texture or flavor. Soon, last night’s rack of lamb with preserved lemon tapenade becomes today’s grilled squid with green olives and preserved lemons. There’s a lesson here: To improve your cooking, learn how to make and use sauce like a professional. Chefs are masters of efficiency in the kitchen: maximum flavor for minimum effort. Shouldn’t that be your motto, too? The right sauce can elevate any dish  —   improving and balancing flavor, compensating for underseasoning or adding striking visual contrast. Five basic types of sauces appear over and over again on menus and in cookbooks that feature the kind of     food that cooks and eaters favor today: yogurt sauce, pepper sauce, herb sauce, tahini sauce and pesto. Master each one, and you’ll immediately have access to the dozens of variations that descend from them, too. Think of them as the new mother sauces, an updated version of the five mother sauces of French cuisine  —   which, after a century of guiding chefs and cooks, deserve a promotion to mother superior status. Building on the work of the chef   Carême from the early 19th century, Auguste Escoffier laid out his tidy thinking about sauces in his encyclopedic textbook, “Le Guide Culinaire,” published in 1903: First, master those mother sauces (béchamel, espagnole, velouté, hollandaise and tomate). Then, gently tinker with any one of them to create an entirely new sauce. Add shallots, chervil, peppercorn and tarragon to hollandaise to get béarnaise for garnishing steak frites. Add grated Gruyére to béchamel to get Mornay, the classic cheese sauce. For decades, professional cooks faithfully abided by these rules. Then, in the 1960s, Julia Child introduced the mother sauces to home cooks, who suddenly found themselves scurrying around town in search of gelatinous beef bones for making the stock required for sauce espagnole. But over the last generation, the mother sauces have fallen out of favor with home cooks and professionals alike. They are rich and thick and involve extensive (or at least attentive) cooking time. “The problem with the classic mother sauces,” according to the chef Michael Solomonov, who cooks modern Israeli food at his restaurant Zahav in Philadelphia, “is that most of them are made with roux. Now, roux is out. Nobody uses it, except when you’re making macaroni and cheese. ” Mr. Lett, of Gjelina, finds that lighter condiments are far more versatile than their richer ancestors, especially with the shifting emphasis toward fresh seasonal ingredients. “If I’m going to make a lamb reduction out of lamb stock and red wine and tomato and fennel, that can be delicious, and that has a place in the culinary world,” Mr. Lett said. “I think it’s safe to say that that belongs on a piece of lamb, and a piece of lamb only. However, if I make a   pesto, I can throw that on anything. ” The pesto may not be as technically difficult to execute, he said, or require as much forethought. “But these herby sort of bright, aromatic emulsions that we can make quickly and repurpose into other things just fit into the sensibility of how we are cooking. ” Then, like Mr. Lett, go on and cook what you’re most comfortable cooking: roast chicken, grilled steak or fish, roasted vegetables, a pot of beans or rice. Pair it with a sauce to add vibrant flavor, texture and color. Like an artfully chosen belt or pair of shoes, the right sauce will transform the distinct elements of a dish into a unified statement of taste. Eventually, you’ll start thinking of meat and vegetables as accompaniments to sauce, instead of the other way around. Learn more about the new mother sauces and find recipe pairings for each here. Recipes: Basic Yogurt Sauce | Basic Tahini Sauce | Basic Pepper Salsa | Basic Herb Salsa | Basic Pesto Sauce",0
10462,House to Vote on Heathcare Bill Thursday - Breitbart,"House GOP leadership told members of the House of Representatives on Wednesday evening that the House will vote on a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) on Thursday. [The announcement comes after a tumultuous process for the bill, which has seen previously scheduled votes pulled after Speaker Paul Ryan failed to accumulate enough Republican support on prior attempts to pass the bill.  House Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) stepped up and helped negotiate, with Tuesday Group   Rep. Tom MacArthur ( ) a revised version of the bill —  dubbed the MacArthur amendment —  that revived the effort and collected presumably enough Republican votes to pass the bill. Meadows’ efforts in no small part seem to have succeeded where Ryan failed, rallying his House Republican colleagues behind a   campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare —  despite the fact this bill doesn’t constitute a full repeal of the previous president’s signature law. Vice President Mike Pence, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, and others have worked alongside congressional Republicans, especially Meadows —  who has emerged as a force in the negotiating process so strong some have begun calling him the acting speaker of the House in the wake of Ryan’s failures —  to bring the new bill to the brink of passage. Vice President Mike Pence visited the Capitol building Wednesday afternoon to reassure lawmakers about the Obamacare repeal bill. At the Capitol this afternoon for various meetings on health care and other important issues with @SeemaCMS  @SecPriceMD. pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) May 3, 2017,  Meadows, in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, commended the actions of President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and Congressman Tom MacArthur for bringing the Obamacare repeal package this close to passage. He said: Not only have we made good progress, we have to get give a good shout out to Tom MacArthur and the President and the Vice President for their efforts in the last couple of weeks. It would be a mistake to suggest that had Tom MacArthur, the President, and the Vice President have not gotten involved in this process, then we would not have the options now for everyone to consider. Tom has worked closely hard with Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden and the committee to make sure that what we do is keeping in line with repealing and replacing Obamacare and drives down premiums and keeps   conditions. Meadows told Breitbart News, “I fully expect that we will repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have been a deterrent in the first 100 days, but by the end of the first 120 days or so it will be seen as a significant accomplishment. It’s not how you start, it’s how you finish, as the song used to say. We will have an excellent finish. ”",0
10463,9/11 Firefighters Reveal Bombs Destroyed WTC lobby,"By anonews
“Condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance” – Albert Einstein
Newly obtained video that was reluctantly released by NIST after a lawsuit by the International Center for 9/11 Studies shows two firefighters on 9/11 discussing how secondary explosions occurred immediately before the collapse of the twin towers, providing damning new evidence that explosive devices were used to bring down the buildings.
Firemen discuss how bombs were going off in the lobby of WTC1 as they were staging to move up the building.
They explain how the building had already been hit by the plane and fires were already burning. After two explosions in the lobby, a third went off and the whole lobby collapsed.
Listen To 9/11 Firefighters Tell How Bombs Were Going Off In The Lobby Of World Trade Center 1:
Even though it’s an old video, it’s useful to share given the fact that people are still waking up to the possibility that the official story presented to the public was false.",0
10464,Why You Should Be Doing The Twist Stretch,"As I have repeatedly shown in my articles, I am a fan of all aspects of fitness—not just strength and developing muscular mass, but also cardiovascular endurance and flexibility as well. You likely knew this already.
You are also likely aware that I have done several articles on stretching, most recently the “relax into stretch” technique that I state can be used predominantly for lower body stretching such as the splits, which are and will likely always be considered the benchmark of hip and leg flexibility.
But what about upper body flexibility? Most people don’t focus on that, and that is just as important to train as lower body flexibility (namely for purposes of increased athletic performance, reduction of joint aches and pains, and, in some cases, increased strength). I have taught the readers some basic upper body stretches in the past, such as the chest stretch and the door frame stretch. But in my opinion, if you’re going to do any one stretch for upper body flexibility, that would have to be the seated twist stretch.
How It Works This stretch involves crossing your legs in a manner that will be discussed below, and twisting the torso while simultaneously locking your arm onto your bent knees. This stretch will hit most of your most prominent upper body muscles—the latissimus dorsi, the triceps, the deltoids, the obliques, the neck, and the pectorals.
In addition to those visible muscles, the twist stretch will work the deep spinal muscles , and even the muscles of the buttocks (the gluteus maximus, medius and minimus) as well.
Many athletes perform the twist stretch, particularly combat athletes such as wrestlers, judokas, and mixed martial artists that need great torso flexibility to escape from holds and pinfalls.
Sounds like something you ought to learn, doesn’t it? But how?

As I have happily admitted in the past, and will likely do so again, Paul Wade’s outstanding Convict Conditioning series has taught me this and many other exercises, and I cannot advocate Wade’s writing enough. More specifically, the Twist Stretch comes from Convict Conditioning 2 . The first book deals with the core calisthenic series—push-ups, squats, and the like. I have already gone over these in detail. In contrast, the second book deals with static holds that develop strength and flexibility such as the L-Sit and today’s topic.
While the third book deals with explosive movements such as the back and front handsprings, that will be a topic for another time. Instead, let’s go into the steps of the Twist Stretch.
All of the pictures here are taken directly from the book.
The Exercises The first twist stretch is the “Easy twist stretch.” Sit down on the floor with your feet extended. Take one foot, and put it “inside” the other leg, resting that foot next to the opposite knee, as shown.
Now, twist your body so the opposite shoulder turns towards the raised kneed (ie: if the left knee is raised, turn the right shoulder, and vice versa). Keep the foot flat on the ground and the knee stationary-just twist the torso. Allow your neck to turn as it naturally wants to turn.

Then, “lock” your torso by placing your elbow against the opposite side of the knee, while holding your body up with the other hand.
You should immediately begin to feel a stretch all around your torso.
Hold the stretch for 10 seconds, for each side. When this is comfortable for you, move on.
Step 2 is the simple twist stretch, which requires a little bit more flexibility. Place one foot over the other leg as shown above. Then, take the foot that is not flat on the ground, bend the leg back and touch the heel of that foot to the opposing buttock (ie: the right heel touches the left buttock).

This foot position will be used for all twist stretches from henceforth.
Now, as before, rotate your torso towards the opposite knee (right shoulder to left knee, and vice versa), locking yourself by placing your elbow on the opposite side of the knee, and again supporting your body with the other hand. Hold for 10 seconds, and move on.
Stretch 3 is where things become more difficult. Assume the position from Stretch #2. But this time, you will have to rotate the torso with much more force, as the goal of this stretch is to extend your arm and touch the instep of the foot that is flat on the floor. Your arm won’t be able to stretch on its own (and I don’t advise you try), you will have to accomplish this with proper torso rotation.

Stretch 4 has the difficulty increase further: Get a hand towel or some other object that is about a foot long. Assume the stretching position, and rotate the torso while holding said towel. Remove the supporting hand from the floor, and flick the towel through the “hole” made by your raised leg (obviously your hand is not extending down to your instep here). Wrapping the “support” hand around your back, grab the other end of the towel. This begins the stretch.

Each time you stretch, you will assume this position holding the towel in two hands. You will work your hands up and down the towel, slowly bringing your hands together by gripping greater portions of the towel. Eventually, you will be able to clasp fingers, and that is the final level of the twist stretch.

This process will be slow and arduous—“Coach Wade” himself admits that it took him the better part of a year to accomplish this by moving his fingers together inch by inch. I myself am not quite at the final level yet-a rough measurement shows that I have about 4 more inches of towel to go before my fingers touch, but I have certainly noticed increased mobility and flexibility already.
The towel stretch can be made easier by remembering to “worm” both hands up the towel, not just one. Actively use both to secure deeper stretches, and you will notice progress.
Doing even the easiest variations of this stretch will make you notice an immediate healing of the spine: your back will deliciously crack and you’ll feel warm and limber afterwards. And with practicing the more advanced variants, you will make yourself more limber for whatever physical activity you engage in, ranging from dancing to getting out of submission holds.
Or you could be one of millions of Americans with bad backs and hips. The choice is yours.
Read More: Why It’s Necessary To Relax Into A Stretch 
",0
10465,"Radio Derb transcript for October 29th is up: The arrogance of power, Etc", ,0
10467,ISIS Executes Scores and Hangs Their Bodies from Electrical Poles around Mosul: U.N.,"43 Shares
8 34 0 1
ISIS terrorists have executed scores more people around the northern Iraqi city of Mosul this week and are reported to be stockpiling dangerous chemicals in civilian areas, the U.N. human rights office said on Friday.
A mass grave with over 100 bodies found in the town of Hammam al-Alil was one of several ISIS killing grounds, spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said. She cited testimony gleaned from sources including a man who had survived an execution of some 50 former Iraqi soldiers by playing dead.
""Clearly there are many other killing fields. We also have reports of other mass graves which we haven’t yet been able to verify,” Shamdasani told reporters, mentioning sites at Mosul airport and the village of Tal al-Thahab.
 Iraqi troops had found large stockpiles of sulfur and there were credible reports that ISIS had used ""phosphor projectiles"" over Qayyara, close to Mosul, Shamdasani said.
""Similar credible reports in Mosul state that they have placed sulfur pits in close proximity to civilians,"" she said.
MORE... New ISIS Video Threatens Putin While Russian Child Executioners Execute 4 Men Saudis Foil ISIS Terror Attacks on Packed Stadium U.S. Commander John Nicholson: ISIS Attempting to Establish Khorasan Caliphate in Afghanistan ISIL executes Iraqi citizens listening to gov't radio The U.N.'s sources of information include people living in ISIS-held areas who risk their lives to speak out.
""We get so much information,"" Shamdasani said, without going into details. ""We’ve been in Iraq a very long time.”
Shamdasani said 40 civilians were reportedly shot on Tuesday for ""treason and collaboration"" with Iraqi government forces, and their bodies hung from electrical poles around Mosul.
The same day a 27-year-old man was shot for using a mobile phone, Shamdasani said. Six others had been hanged on Oct. 20 for hiding SIM cards, and 20 more were reportedly shot on Wednesday for leaking information to the Iraqi security forces.
ISIS had deployed what it calls ""sons of the caliphate"" wearing explosive belts in the alleys of Old Mosul, and the U.N. had unconfirmed reports that they were teenagers and young boys, Shamdasani said.
ISS also announced on Nov. 6 that it had beheaded seven of its own fighters for deserting the battlefield at Kokjali, Shamdasani said.
The U.N. had also verified an ISIS propaganda video showing four children, purportedly including one Russian and one Uzbek, executing four people for spying.
The U.N. had information that abducted women, including from the Yazidi minority, were being ""distributed"" to fighters or told they would be used to accompany ISIS convoys, Shamdasani said.
""We're talking about war crimes, crimes against humanity, even genocide,"" she said.",0
10468,Halliburton and Baker Hughes Call Off $35 Billion Merger - The New York Times,"For a year and a half, Halliburton and Baker Hughes, two big oil field services companies, had been focused on their $35 billion merger. That distraction, even as commodity prices deteriorated and their peers cut costs to survive, is finally over. The two companies announced in a statement on Sunday that they had decided to terminate their merger. The news came after an excruciatingly long regulatory review process that culminated in a lawsuit last month by the Justice Department to block the deal on antitrust grounds. “While both companies expected the proposed merger to result in compelling benefits to shareholders, customers and other stakeholders, challenges in obtaining remaining regulatory approvals and general industry conditions that severely damaged deal economics led to the conclusion that termination is the best course of action,” said Dave Lesar, chairman and chief executive of Halliburton, in Sunday’s statement. The deal was one that raised eyebrows from the start on whether it would get past regulators. The two companies were seeking to band together to compete with the likes of Schlumberger, and, in the meantime, to erase billions in costs related to operations and research and development. Things changed drastically soon after the deal was signed in November 2014. Oil prices sank to their lowest levels in years, a burden that has affected the entire industry. Sales of assets, which were necessary to appease regulators’ concerns that the combination was just too big, suddenly became more challenged.   buyers turned inward to manage their own business during the downturn, and private equity stayed on the sidelines. With the companies’ inability to shrink, the Justice Department sued in April to block the deal, saying it would “eliminate vital competition, skew energy markets and harm American consumers. ” That left the companies with little will to fight. “What Halliburton may have miscalculated here is the severity of the downturn and certainly the appetite of the Department of Justice to flex its muscles in a large corporate merger,” said Matt Marietta, an analyst at Stephens Inc. As compensation for the breakup, Halliburton agreed to pay Baker Hughes $3. 5 billion by May 4, according to Sunday’s statement. It is a lofty price, especially when cash flow is tight in the energy industry. That high fee was necessary because the deal almost did not happen two years ago. The two companies struggled initially, in the fall of 2014, to find a suitable price and breakup fee. But then, Halliburton threatened to turn over Baker Hughes’s board to restart discussions. The plan worked, with Halliburton raising its bid and agreeing to a    fee if the deal were to fail to win regulatory approval. At the time, the fee was a symbolic commitment from Halliburton to do whatever it took to make sure the deal cleared the Justice Department. As   companies, though, analysts say both Halliburton and Baker Hughes should be able to survive. Halliburton has about $10 billion of cash on its balance sheet that it could use toward the breakup fee or potentially other transactions, according to data by SP Capital IQ. “I don’t see a risk of either of the companies being bankruptcy risks,” Mr. Marietta said. “I think both companies are well positioned to manage through the downturn. ” Shares of both companies have surged about 20 percent each since the Justice Department’s lawsuit was disclosed on April 6. For many investors, the lawsuit was a way of dissipating the cloud of uncertainty that had covered the deal for 18 months. The move by the Justice Department was the latest tough stance from an administration that has been seen as taking more aggressive actions against large deals. The previous one was Pfizer’s attempted $152 billion merger with Allergan, which was terminated after the Treasury Department came out with new   rules that eliminated many of the benefits of the deal. The European Commission, the European Union’s executive body, also raised concerns about the   Hughes deal. “The transaction raised competition concerns on a very large number of markets related to oil field services provided to oil and gas exploration and production companies” in Europe, Margrethe Vestager, the European Union competition commissioner, said in a statement. She said that “a number of customers contacted us to raise issues with the proposed transaction. ” The date by which Halliburton and Baker Hughes would have to decide whether to continue on their path of regulatory approval or terminate their merger agreement was extended to April 30. As a result, Halliburton postponed its earnings call to Tuesday, which many analysts assumed was done to discuss the deal. Since the downturn started at the end of 2014, Halliburton has reduced its head count by about a third, the company said in its April 22 earnings statement. The company also said it would reduce the infrastructure that it had kept in anticipation of a deal with Baker Hughes. Both companies have experienced significant slumps in revenue and reduced rig counts over the year.",0
10469,Recent Footage Shows Demonic Dragon Photobomb!,"Here be dragons! Since ancient times we hear stories and legends of dragons and brave knights sent to slay said beasts seeking heroic fame or treasure. Dragons have many different characteristics depending on the culture, for example western dragons have large wings and easter dragons are more serpent like. But whatever appearance they had, the beasts were accounted as terrifying and extremely durable with super thick scaled skin. They were also known to be keepers of relics and treasure.

But these were just legends from old dark times, right? Well apparently not!


Recently footage of a dragon went viral on the internet showing the creature flying above some mountains, supposely located near Laos, China . 

Some days later, footage of a man showing his family some holiday photos with one particular picture of a demonic looking dragon photobombing the view.

Conspiracy theorists were sent on a frenzy because of these recent sightings.

Watch the following video to know more! 

Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
10470,UK Teenager Charged After Terror Alert in London Tube Station,"Get short URL 0 1 0 0 A 19-year-old was charged on suspicion of making or possessing an explosive substance after a terror alert in London’s North Greenwich Underground Station, local media reported. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Last week, UK transport police evacuated the station after a suspicious item was found on one of the trains. It was later blown up in a controlled explosion. 
According to the BBC, Damon Smith was charged on suspicion of making or possessing an explosive substance with intent to endanger life, while the Metropolitan Police said he also faced a charge of intent to cause serious injury to property. 
The UK security agency, MI5, said earlier this month that the level of terrorist threat to Britain was severe. ...",0
10471,"After Poised Live-Streaming, Tears and Fury Find Diamond Reynolds - The New York Times","Diamond Reynolds was cool and composed as an anchorwoman on Wednesday night, her voice strong as she narrated the horrific scene around her into her phone that was streaming live on Facebook. “Please, officer, don’t tell me that you just did this to him,” she said, as her boyfriend, Philando Castile, lay slumped and bleeding in the car next to her, fatally shot by a police officer. “You shot four bullets into him, sir. He was just getting his license and registration, sir. ” By Thursday, Ms. Reynolds had given in to tears, fury and grief. “She’s not calm right now,” said an aunt, Joyce Doty, who lives in Indiana and was rushing to Minnesota to be with her niece. “She’s a hot mess. She is very, very upset right now. ” About Ms. Reynolds’s Facebook video, which had been viewed more than four million times by Thursday afternoon, Ms. Doty said, “She was doing what she had to do. ” Overnight, Ms. Reynolds, 26, has emerged as an extraordinary figure in the latest shooting of an   at the hands of a police officer. Apparently seconds after Mr. Castile was shot, she began to broadcast the scene live on Facebook, pointing her phone in the direction of the police officer, whose gun was still drawn, and at Mr. Castile, who was in the driver’s seat and wearing a seatbelt, his   soaked in blood. In doing so, she became not only a poised and influential witness, but a teller in real time of her own treatment by the police. Ordered out of the car, then to kneel near the car, she was handcuffed and put in the back of a police cruiser. Yet the Facebook report continued, a mix of confusion, outrage, shock and poised determination to tell her version of what had happened. On social media and on television, Ms. Reynolds was praised for her strength. “I truly believe Diamond Reynolds was spared her life because she’s got a greater purpose,” wrote the user @full_of_moxie on Twitter. “She’s going to get justice for #PhilandoCastile. ” Mr. Castile, Ms. Reynolds and her    daughter spent part of Wednesday running errands and going grocery shopping, she told reporters. Around 9 p. m. she said, they were pulled over by the police, apparently for a traffic violation. While she streamed video in the aftermath of his shooting, dozens of friends on Facebook wrote messages of concern. Some said they were praying. Others urged her to stay calm and avoid angering the officer. A few tried to ascertain where she was and coordinate efforts to go pick her up. But she was taken into police custody immediately after the shooting and was not released, she said, until police officers dropped her off at her home at 5 a. m. Hours later, Ms. Reynolds stood in front of the governor’s mansion, surrounded by crowds of people protesting the killing of Mr. Castile, who was a longtime employee of the St. Paul school district. “I didn’t do it for pity, I didn’t do it for fame,” she told the cameras and people assembled. “I did it so that the world knows that the police are not here to protect and serve us. They are here to assassinate us. They are here to kill us. Because we are black. ” It was unclear if Ms. Reynolds had slept since her boyfriend was killed. She met with Gov. Mark Dayton of Minnesota, who later spoke about the shooting in unusually forceful terms, saying that he did not believe it would have happened if Mr. Castile was white. Ms. Reynolds, who goes by Lavish on Facebook, identifies herself on her page as a native of Chicago who works as a housekeeper at a hotel. She said on Thursday that she had no family in Minnesota. Family members said she spent her early childhood living on the South Side of Chicago. “They took my lifeblood,” she told reporters. “That was my best friend. I never got to say my last words to that man. ” Dawn Spikes, Ms. Reynolds’s   said from her home in Chicago that the day had passed in a haze of confusion. For hours early on Thursday, they did not know where Ms. Reynolds was and feared that she had been harmed. By the end of the day, she was surrounded by friends and activists. The Rev. Al Sharpton, Ms. Spikes said, had called to offer plane fare to Ms. Reynolds’s mother so she could travel from Indiana to be with her daughter. Ms. Spikes had not brought herself to watch the full video from Wednesday night. But she said she was not surprised that Ms. Reynolds, who she described as strong and outspoken, reacted the way that she did. “Diamond was calm, and the baby was calm,” she said. “Like they go through this every day. But they don’t. ”",0
10472,Another U.S. Massacre in Afghanistan   :," Another U.S. Massacre in Afghanistan By Jacob G. Hornberger
November 08, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - "" fff "" - The latest massacre of many innocent people by U.S. forces in Afghanistan provides another demonstration as to why it is imperative that the American people stop deferring to the authority of the national security state and demand the immediate withdrawal of all U.S. forces from Afghanistan.
In a war that has now gone on for 16 years, U.S. forces just killed at least 32 more civilians, many of whom were children. Another 25 people were wounded. Of course, this is on top of all the wedding parties, hospitals, and other victims of U.S. bombing attacks that have brought the death toll from U.S. interventionism in Afghanistan to more than 200,000, not to mention the wounded, maimed, homeless, and refugees. In the last seven days alone, 95 civilians have been killed in Afghanistan and 111 injured.
How many of those 30 people, including the children, who are now being buried had anything to do with the 9/11 attacks? It is a virtual certainty that none of them did.
How did this latest U.S. massacre occur? Afghan government forces, assisted by U.S. troops, decided to raid a home in a densely populated neighborhood in a village where a Taliban commander was supposedly having a meeting. The soldiers got trapped in a narrow dead-end street, where they began taking enemy fire from surrounding homes.
So, what did they do? Naturally, to save their lives, they called in air strikes, which necessarily involved firing missiles into the neighborhood, which killed those 32 people, including children.
The U.S. militarys position is the standard one: The military regrets the loss of innocent life but, they say, they didnt really have a choice. If they didnt fire the missiles, the U.S. and Afghan troops would be killed. If they did fire the missiles, the innocent people living in the neighborhood would die. Not surprisingly, the military chose to protect the lives of the soldiers at the expense of those innocent people living in the neighborhood.
But lets be mindful of an important fact: If U.S. troops had not still be intervening in Afghanistan, there never would have been a U.S. bombing raid on that neighborhood.
How do the people who survived the massacre feel about what happened? Not surprisingly, they were chanting Death to America! Americans should think about that the next time there is a terrorist attack in the United States.
Despite the bombing attack, two U.S. soldiers  Captain Andrew Byers and Sgt. First Class Ryan Gloyer  were killed in the battle.
What did they die for? No, they did not die protecting our freedom or keeping us safe. Thats nothing but pabulum for the families of those two soldiers  to make them feel okay about losing their loved ones. fThey died for nothing, the same thing that those 58,000 plus U.S. soldiers died for in Vietnam.
Freedom and security of the American people have nothing to do with Americas 16-year war in Afghanistan. The Taliban are not coming to get us, any more than the North Vietnamese were coming to get us. The conflict in Afghanistan is nothing more than a civil war, one in which one side is battling to oust a regime that has been installed into power by the U.S. government.
Once the U.S. presidential race is over  a race in which the 16-year-old war in Afghanistan has barely been mentioned  the American people need to demand an immediate end to the U.S. occupation of Afghanistan. Continued U.S. interventionism is accomplishing nothing positive and is only pouring fuel on the fire, making matters worse for everyone, including innocent women, children, and others in Afghanistan.
Jacob G. Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation. He was born and raised in Laredo, Texas, and received his B.A. in economics from Virginia Military Institute and his law degree from the University of Texas. He was a trial attorney for twelve years in Texas. He also was an adjunct professor at the University of Dallas, where he taught law and economics.",0
10473,Año 2008: Windows Vista llega a su primer trillón de errores,Apple vuelve a presentar el iPhone 5 porque “es la hostia” EL TERMINAL LLEVA YA MÁS DE MEDIO AÑO EN EL MERCADO Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
10474,A Lot of People in the US Are Suddenly Identifying as “White”,"A Lot of People in the US Are Suddenly Identifying as “White” Eric D. Knowles and Linda R. Tropp, Quartz, October 25, 2016 
Many political commentators credit Donald Trump’s rise to white voters’ antipathy toward racial and ethnic minorities. However, we believe this focus on racial resentment obscures another important aspect of racial thinking. 
In a study of white Americans’ attitudes and candidate preferences, we found that Trump’s success reflects the rise of “white identity politics”–an attempt to protect the collective interests of white voters via the ballot box. Whereas racial prejudice refers to animosity toward other racial groups, white identity reflects a sense of connection to fellow white Americans. 
We’re not the first to tie Trump’s candidacy to white identity politics . But our data provide some of the clearest evidence that ongoing demographic changes in the United States are increasing white racial identity. White identity, in turn, is pushing white Americans to support Trump. 
White identity 
When we talk about white identity, we’re not referring to the alt-right fringe, the white nationalist movement, or others who espouse racist beliefs. Rather, we’re talking about everyday white Americans who, perhaps for the first time, are racially conscious. 
{snip} 
Non-Hispanic whites are projected to become a minority in the year 2044. This increasing diversity across the country is making whites’ own race harder and harder to ignore. {snip} 
Trump and white identity politics 
As whites increasingly sense that their status in society is falling , white racial identity is becoming politicized. Trump’s promise to “make America great again” speaks to these anxieties by recalling a past in which white people dominated every aspect of politics and society. {snip} 
{snip} 
To test our ideas about Trump and white identity politics, we surveyed a nationally representative sample of about 1,700 white Americans. The survey covered racial identities, attitudes, and political preferences. In examining the relationship between white identity and ethnic diversity, we chose to focus on an ethnic minority of particular salience in contemporary politics: Hispanics. {snip} 
Do whites from heavily Hispanic neighborhoods show stronger white racial identity? To measure identity, we used a widely-used questionnaire . On a five-point scale, participants rated their agreement with items such as “Being a white person is an important part of how I see myself” and “I feel solidarity with other white people.” As shown in the graph below, there is a positive relationship between exposure to Hispanics and white respondents’ sense of racial identity. 
And does white identity lead to support for Donald Trump? We examined the relationship between white identity and respondents’ likelihood of supporting Trump for the presidency versus Hillary Clinton or several Republican primary challengers. Consistent with others’ analyses , white identity strongly predicts a preference for Trump. 
Whites at the high end of the racial identity scale are more than four times as likely to support Trump than those at the low end of the scale. Perhaps that’s because whites highest in racial identity are also the ones most likely to harbor negative attitudes against Latinos. Indeed, we found white identity was significantly correlated with another characteristic–prejudice. 
However, differences in prejudice don’t explain the relationship between white identity and Trump support. The pattern in the figure above was tested while statistically controlling for levels of anti-Hispanic prejudice. Because the relationship between identity and support for Trump remains strong, we are confident that white identity independently predicts greater Trump support. 
We’ve seen that living close to Hispanics leads whites to develop a strong sense of racial identity and that strong racial identity is associated with support for Donald Trump. We should therefore expect that whites in heavily Hispanic neighborhoods support Trump more often than those in neighborhoods with fewer Hispanics. This prediction gains credence from work by political scientist Ryan Enos, who finds that everyday exposure to Latinos can increase support for restrictive immigration policies. 
Whites’ support for Donald Trump is, in fact, greatest in areas with a large Hispanic population. 
{snip}",0
10475,Pope Benedict at Age 90 is ‘Full of Gratitude’ to God,"Emeritus Pope Benedict XVI, who turned 90 years old on Easter Sunday, gave a rare birthday speech inside the Vatican expressing his thanksgiving to God for the gift of life. [“My heart is filled with gratitude for the 90 years that the good God has given me,” said Benedict, who retired as pope on Feb. 28, 2013, the first pontiff to do so in 600 years.  “There have also been trials and difficult times, but through it all He has always led me and pulled me through, so that I could continue on my path,” he said. Prior to his election as Pope Benedict on April 19, 2005, Joseph Ratzinger enjoyed a brilliant career as university professor, bishop and author and has been acclaimed as one of the most eminent Catholic theologians of the late 20th century. Saint John Paul II brought Ratzinger to Rome in November 1981 to serve as prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, a role he held for more than 20 years until the death of Pope John Paul in 2005. Although a gentle,   man in person, Ratzinger proved a faithful caretaker of Catholic doctrine, and was especially tough on   “Liberation Theology,” which attempted to   salvation history through the prism of the Marxist ideology of class struggle between social classes. Surrounded by friends and   from his native Bavaria on his birthday, Benedict said he was full of thanks in a special way for his “beautiful homeland,” adorned with “church towers, houses with balconies filled with flowers, and good people. ” Bavaria is beautiful, Benedict reminisced, “because God is known there and people know that He has created the world and that we do well to build it up together with Him. ” “I am glad that we were able to gather together under the beautiful blue Roman sky,” he continued, “which with its white clouds also reminds us of the white and blue flag of Bavaria —  it is always the same sky. ” “I wish you all God’s blessings,” he said. “Carry my greetings home, as well as my gratitude to you. How I enjoy to continue living and walking about amidst our landscapes in my heart. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
10476,Buzz Aldrin: Retire the International Space Station to Fund Travel to Mars - Breitbart,"Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin spoke at the Humans to Mars conference in Washington, D. C. this week where he urged NASA to defund the International Space Station in order to dedicate more resources to exploring Mars. [“We must retire the ISS as soon as possible,” said the former Apollo 11 moonwalker on Tuesday, according to Space. com, “We simply cannot afford $3. 5 billion a year of that cost. ”  Aldrin believes that space activities in LEO (Lower Earth Orbit) should be conducted by private companies. NASA has indeed taken steps in that direction already, awarding contracts to companies such as SpaceX, the space exploration startup founded by Tesla CEO Elon Musk. Orbital ATK and Boeing have also recently been contracted to transport astronauts between the International Space Station and Earth. Aldrin believes that Bigelow Aerospace, Axiom Space or other companies should construct and maintain LEO space stations similar to the ISS, but operating entirely independently from NASA or the ISS. Aldrin hopes that these commercial space stations would share information with the space station that China plans to have in orbit by 2020, which Aldrin believes would help to encourage cooperation between China and Western companies. The creation of space stations in LEO is just one of the many plans that Aldrin has for further space exploration. Aldrin’s plans to colonize Mars also heavily rely upon “cyclers,” spacecraft that continuously move between two cosmic destinations in order to transport people and cargo. “The foundation of human transportation is the cycler,” said the    former astronaut. “Very rugged, so it’ll last 30 years or so no external moving parts. ” Aldrin predicts that various iterations of “cyclers” will enable a manned mission to a   asteroid by 2020 and could possibly perform a flyby of Venus by 2024. Based on Aldrin’s predictions, the first settlers on Mars would be able to launch for the planet by 2030. Aldrin believes that these travelers will not just be visitors to Mars but settlers. “Let’s be certain that we’ve developed a sustainable plan to stay on Mars,” he said. “No flags and footprints this time. ” However, the International Space Station is currently funded up until 2024. NASA officials and members of the Russian Federal Space Agency have also considered extending the life of the $100 billion outpost up until 2028. NASA has stated that the ISS is a vital part of their “Journey to Mars” plan, which will hopefully see astronauts in the vicinity of Mars by the 2030s. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
10477,"Sprott’s Thoughts On Gold Corrections, Patterns, and Positioning","From Sprott’s Thoughts : 
The yellow metal advanced mightily in the first six months of this year and then held those gains for the next three, so it was not a surprise to see it give up some ground in October. 
The correction is providing an opportunity to enter stocks that we thought got away. The question is precisely when to make those moves. 
That’s both tough and easy. It’s tough – impossible actually – to know exactly when and how this correction will bottom. It is much easier to look at historic patterns and overlay significant pending events to estimate likely time frames. 
Looking ahead from here, there are a couple pertinent patterns. Gold’s strength declines in the final months of the year. September is almost always good and October often is as well, though the tenth month starts with a weeklong holiday in China that creates an opportunity for gold shorters to hammer the price while Chinese traders, who would usually counter such a push, are away. Shorters used that opportunity this year: gold started to fall the first trading days of the month, precisely when China was on vacation. Had Chinese traders been at their desks, I imagine the fall would have been less. The Indian wedding season runs from October through December, after the monsoons are over and before the heat really ramps up. You have undoubtedly heard about the importance of Indian weddings to gold demand, but it’s a topic worth repeating. A large percentage of the money spent on an Indian wedding goes into gold, which adds up to a lot in a nation as populous as India. And the season could be especially good this year because the monsoons were fantastic, which means Indian farmers are not stressing about a third year of drought. Indian farmers make up about a third of the country’s gold demand. Broadly speaking, 2016 has seen two kinds of gold investors: short-term speculators and long term value hunters. The first group moved into gold as it gained and many of them likely ditched in the drop. The second group probably took some money off the table during the year but left core positions intact, guided by the belief that the run is just getting going. As we approach the end of the year, these two groups have different concerns: Short term specs: Want to book gains. If they didn’t sell already, they will sell once the sector strengthens some. That being said, if the public narrative turns pro-gold again this group will buy back in, which is possible if 2017 starts the way 2016 started. Long term value hunters: Want to position in stocks offering the best leverage to gold and/or exploration opportunity, while also managing capital. On that second point, I expect to see some tax gain selling before the end of the year. I know, after five bad years that concept may seem foregin – but investors booked a lot of tax losses in the bear market and many will look to lock in some gains against which they can apply those losses, especially in jurisdictions where tax losses expire. More generally, why not lock in some tax-free gains and then re-enter on a down day? The December Fed meeting is very significant for gold. If things continue the way they are now, expect a rate hike. Gold will sell down in advance of and right after that event – but remember, gold’s early 2016 rally got going only a few weeks after the last rate hike. Corrections are rarely V-shaped. Instead, they often look more like a W. The gold price decline we just went through is likely the first low point in the pattern. The forces outlined above could create a small lift over the next few months (Indian buying on the gold side, value hunter buying on the equities side) that leads into a second low (selling by specs who aren’t already out, tax gain selling by long terms players, apprehension around the Fed meeting), all of which sets up for the W to wrap up in a January rally. 
Jordan Roy-Byrne of TheDailyGold.com demonstrated this pattern fantastically: 
The chart uses the HUI Index as a proxy for gold stocks and compares today with corrections in 2001, 2002, and 2006. Each followed a very strong advance, like we just experienced. 
The corrections in 2001 and 2006 show the W pattern, though the 2001 W is pretty flat. In 2002 the correction followed a W pattern until falling for a third time. 
History doesn’t repeat, but it does rhyme. The rhyming pattern to note is that corrections don’t have flat bottoms; they oscillate, often twice but potentially thrice (or otherwise). Be aware such oscillations are pending and try to time your buys accordingly. 
The durations are also interesting – the 2001 and 2006 corrections lasted 5 months, which takes us from early August (when HUI peaked) through to early January- right on schedule. 
Of course when it comes to gold, the metal itself is only part of the equation. Also important are the US dollar and rates. 
The dollar was the main culprit behind gold’s October slide. The US Dollar Index gained 2.6% in the first two weeks of the month, a significant move largely because it broke above the highpoint of the band in which the greenback had been trading since the spring. 
Why the rise? Largely because the pound has been getting hammered since Theresa May started talking about Brexit realities: timelines for negotiations and her preference for a “hard Brexit” to speed things along. When one currency declines another has to rise, and so it was with the pound and the dollar. 
As for rates, US data continues to be middling. The market hoped for some clarity on inflation with the release of the September Consumer Price Index, but the numbers were nonchalant. Headline consumer inflation rose 0.3% month-over-month as expected, but core inflation rose just 0.1%, which was less than expected. 
Expectations aside, it is notable that the core rate has now stayed above 2% year-over-year for eleven months. Stronger oil prices should add to headline inflation going forward, so inflation has met the Fed’s target. 
Inflation, however, is one of three targets the Fed says need to be met for a rate hike. The other two are unemployment below 5%, which has been essentially the case for some time now, and GDP growth of at least 2%, which is looking less and less likely with each passing day. 
I’m not sure the GDP miss matters. What is really on the line right now is Federal Reserve credibility. And if that sounds familiar, it’s because we had this exact conversation around this time last year, leading up to the December meeting where Yellen and Co. did raise rates. 
The situation was strikingly similar. The dollar was very strong, having retained its big 2014 move to stay above 93 all through 2015. That greenback strength was all but preventing inflation and hurting US corporations. Raising rates supports the dollar, which had Yellen in a difficult position. But after talking about hikes for so long, the Fed had to move. 
A year later, the same thing. Dollar strength is hurting earnings for multinational US companies, hampering inflation, and slowing GDP growth, but Yellen has a credibility problem and so a rate hike is likely. 
So oscillations until December because of seasonal pressures and rate hike expectations…and then, if historic patterns around W-shaped corrections and gold’s reaction to rate hikes persist, we could be looking at a strong start to 2017. 
That means this fall may be the time for patience and using patterns to position your portfolio for gold’s next leg up. 
This entry was posted in Gold News and tagged gold update , Sprott's Thoughts . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
10478,World’s Largest Space Telescope Set To Launch - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Clinton Staff Readies EMP Launch To Disable All Nation’s Electronic Devices NEW YORK—In an effort to prepare for any new revelations that might emerge about her emails during her tenure as secretary of state, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reportedly told her staff Tuesday to ready the launch of several electromagnetic pulses to disable all of the nation’s electronic devices. Doctors Restore Ken Burns’ Full-Color Vision After Removing Massive Tumor From Filmmaker’s Visual Cortex CLEVELAND—Speaking to reporters following the successful eight-hour procedure Tuesday, neurosurgeons at the Cleveland Clinic confirmed they had removed a golf ball–sized tumor from the visual cortex of filmmaker Ken Burns, restoring the documentarian’s ability to see in full color. Mom Produces Decorative Gift Bag Out Of Thin Air LEXINGTON, MA—Conjuring the item into existence along with several sheets of perfectly coordinated tissue paper, local mother Caroline Wolfson, 49, reportedly produced a decorative gift bag out of thin air Tuesday within a mere fraction of a second of her daughter mentioning she needed to wrap a present. Paul Krugman’s Facebook Friends Excitedly Posting About New Article He Got Published In ‘The New York Times’ NEW YORK—Sharing the link on their news feeds with captions such as “You have to read this!” and “Check out what a buddy of mine wrote,” Paul Krugman’s Facebook friends reportedly spent Tuesday morning excitedly posting about a new article of his that was published in The New York Times. End Of Section ",0
10479,Millions Gather Under Times Square Countdown Clock To Celebrate End Of 2016 Election - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"More Election Coverage Millions Gather Under Times Square Countdown Clock To Celebrate End Of 2016 Election More than 10,000 balloons and nearly two tons of red, white, and blue confetti were released at the moment polls closed. Close More than 10,000 balloons and nearly two tons of red, white, and blue confetti were released at the moment polls closed. NEWS November 8, 2016 Vol 52 Issue 44 · News · Politics · Election 2016 
NEW YORK—Marking the joyous occasion with singing, dancing, and a chorus of ecstatic cheers, an estimated 2 million citizens gathered beneath the Times Square countdown clock Tuesday night to celebrate the end of the 2016 election season, sources reported. 
The crowd of revelers—many of whom had arrived in the early morning to stake out prime viewing locations—reportedly swelled in volume throughout the night, spilling over into nearby streets as many popped bottles of champagne, embraced loved ones, and finally joined together in a boisterous countdown seconds before the polls were scheduled to close. 
“God, this is so amazing,” said local man Mark Edwards, gazing up at a fireworks display signaling the conclusion of the incessant media coverage, debates, stump speeches, and campaign advertisements of the election cycle. “I can’t even begin to describe how excited everyone is here. It’s really unbelievable.” 
“W !” he shouted, his voice nearly drowned out by the sound of Kool & The Gang’s “Celebration” emanating from loudspeakers situated on buildings around the square. 
According to witnesses, the scene was one of unbridled merriment, with roars of delight sweeping through the crowd every time the enormous LED screens in Times Square showed that voting had ended in another state. As vote totals began to come in, thousands in attendance reportedly raised their arms in jubilation, unfurled homemade banners, or placed calls to family members, often yelling to be heard over the sound of whistles, noisemakers, and the exuberant din of the crowd. 
Throughout the night’s revelry, celebrants were also seen craning their necks and hoisting children onto their shoulders to view the One Times Square Astrovision screen displaying live feeds of equally raucous celebrations in downtown Los Angeles, Chicago’s Loop, Miami Beach, Market Square Park in Houston, and other locations throughout the country 
“We stood out in the cold all day to get a good spot, but what’s a few extra hours of discomfort when you’ve been looking forward to this for so long?” said Alice Castillo, who told reporters she had driven there from Baltimore with her two daughters to be part of the excitement. “Could we have stayed home and watched it all on TV? Of course. But nothing compares to the thrill of sharing this incredible moment with so many other people.” 
“When the clock struck zero and everyone erupted into cheers, it was pretty magical,” Castillo added. 
While the crowd was said to have thinned after the polls closed along the East Coast, a reported 250,000 remained well into the night to take in the joyful atmosphere and pack the area’s overflowing bars. One of the Times Square celebrants, 36-year-old Brett Cleaver, said the night’s festivities had caused him to reflect on the past year and consider how tonight represented a fresh start. 
“Beginning tomorrow, I’m going to try to cherish every second I have where I don’t hear the phrase ‘swing state’ or see footage from a campaign rally,” Cleaver told reporters, beaming at the prospect of never again looking at an article that speculated on how undecided voters would react to Donald Trump’s or Hillary Clinton’s latest statements. “For tonight, though, I’m just soaking up as much of this moment as I can.” 
Added Cleaver, “I’m already excited to come back and do this again in 2020.” Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
10480,What Would It Take to Replace the Pay Working-Class Americans Have Lost? - The New York Times,"Poor and   Americans have fallen behind over the last generation, receiving few of the gains of an expanding economy. But we could change that by using one of the most powerful tools in the federal government’s policy arsenal.   Donald J. Trump says he will do this by using large tax cuts on business and to wealthy families to encourage more business investment, while aiming to create more   jobs in construction and manufacturing by spending more on new infrastructure projects and renegotiating trade deals. But another, more direct approach is possible, one aimed at turbocharging the wages of people who have lost out on the economic gains of the last few decades. That could be done by expanding a tax credit that is already in place and enjoys bipartisan support. With the help of some smart policy wonks in Washington, I examined using tax policy this way. We found that it could work, but at no small cost. On the positive side: You could replace every dime of income that the bottom 20 percent of earners have lost compared with the average family since 1979 by radically expanding a tax credit. But the main problem is this: It would be really expensive, at more than $1 trillion over the next decade, and therefore a hard sell in any political environment. The lessons from this project have more relevance for the Trump administration  —   which isn’t likely to embrace this kind of technocratic wonkery  —   than it might seem at first glance. Consider that Mr. Trump is betting on lower taxes on businesses and the investor class unleashing faster economic growth and preventing the budget deficit from skyrocketing. But he may want to consider hedging his bets. Policies that funnel direct benefits to   workers might complement his   approach. Put another way, as long as you’re cutting taxes by $6 trillion (that is the   direct cost estimate of Mr. Trump’s plan from the Tax Foundation) carving out $1 trillion for workers who haven’t seen large raises in years may just pay some dividends. The background is that economic growth has far outpaced income growth for decades. Gross domestic product for each person in the United States was 78 percent higher in 2015 than in 1979. But the average income for those households at the 20th percentile of the income distribution rose only 6. 9 percent in that span. The reasons for this gap are endlessly debatable. Here are a few: The modern economy offers higher rewards for those with advanced education globalization has diminished the prospects of the industries where   Americans once found lucrative jobs a decline in the power of labor unions has left workers with less negotiating leverage. Whatever the true cause, it is clear that the tax code could fix at least some of the imbalance. And there is already a program on the books that supplements the   earnings of   Americans. It is the   tax credit, often simply called the E. I. T. C. and it could be used much more aggressively. The   tax credit already supplements the wages of people at the lower end of the pay scale, especially those with children. In its current form, for example, a married couple with two children that makes $30, 000 a year receives a tax credit of $4, 201. The   tax credit is accepted across the political spectrum: Both President Obama and the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, favor expanding it. It rewards only those who work, is efficiently administered through the tax code and phases out automatically as a person’s income rises. How much more money in tax credits would be required to replace the income shortfall left by poorer people in recent decades? Experts at two Washington think tanks  —   Bob Greenstein, Chuck Marr and   Huang of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, along with the staff of the Tax Policy Center  —   examined that question at my request. The first step was to design a tax credit expansion that would raise the income of the bottom 20 percent of families to where they would be if they shared equally in the gains since 1979. That meant figuring out a tax change that would put an extra $2, 889 in the pockets of a family of three that in 2013 made $20, 420. An increase in benefits also helps families with somewhat higher incomes. For example, a family of four making $40, 000 would receive about $6, 000 a year in this expanded E. I. T. C. compared with the $2, 142 they get now. The benefits wouldn’t completely phase out for a family of four until they hit nearly $70, 000 of income. So what would it all cost? The Tax Policy Center crunched the numbers: The policy would deplete federal coffers by $1. 02 trillion over a decade. That is serious money. There are many ways of raising it, none of them easy. If you wanted to soak the wealthy to pay for it, for example, you could enact a 5. 6 percentage point surtax on families with income over $1 million, as Senate Democrats once proposed  —   yet that would cover only about 45 percent of the cost. If you favor a more   approach, you could give companies tax incentives to repatriate money they are stashing abroad. But that would get you only about 30 percent of the way there. So even if you conclude that a radical expansion of tax credits for   Americans is desirable, the politics of paying for it are somewhere between very hard and impossible. But that is where the Trump presidency comes in. Mr. Trump’s campaign tax plan  already implies a far greater reduction in federal revenue than this idea does. He may be betting that lower taxes on businesses and the wealthy will spur investment that increases the productive potential of the economy  —   a classic   “supply side” approach to taxes. But skeptics may argue that what ails the economy right now is inadequate demand for goods and services, and that   people don’t have enough money. If they had extra cash in their pockets from an expanded E. I. T. C. they would be more likely than millionaires to spend the money, many economic studies suggest. That means that including help for the working class in any tax overhaul would add a “demand side” source of economic growth. That won’t solve the problems of   Americans. The dissatisfaction with the modern global economy that helped propel Mr. Trump to office is deep rooted. It involves a feeling of lost possibility that a bit of money alone won’t solve. That is especially true for people who once saw manufacturing jobs as both a pathway to a   income and a sense of purpose in life. But while technocratic solutions involving tweaking the tax code won’t relieve the angst of Trump voters, if there are going to be big tax cuts in the months ahead, there is an economic rationale for spreading the benefits beyond the top.",0
10481,"Philippines Confirms Killing of Robert Hall, Canadian Hostage, by Abu Sayyaf - The New York Times","MANILA  —   Philippine officials confirmed on Tuesday that a Canadian man held captive by the militant group Abu Sayyaf had been decapitated, the second hostage from Canada killed in the   southern Philippines this year. The man, Robert Hall, was abducted in September with three other people  —   one of dozens of such abductions carried out in the last few decades by Abu Sayyaf, an organization of several hundred fighters that has functioned  as a    gang. The group has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. The severed head of a man believed to be Mr. Hall was found in a plastic bag near a Roman Catholic church on the southern Philippine island of Jolo on Monday night, the Philippine police said on Tuesday. A     video of Mr. Hall’s beheading was released on Tuesday, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist activity online. The video shows a masked man quoting the Quran while an unmasked man pushes Mr. Hall’s head to the ground and decapitates him. “We strongly condemn the brutal and senseless murder of Mr. Robert Hall, a Canadian citizen, after being held captive by the Abu Sayyaf group in Sulu for the past nine months,” Sonny Coloma, a spokesman for President Benigno S. Aquino III, said on Tuesday. “We extend our deepest sympathy and condolences to his bereaved family. ” “We truly regret that our people’s cherished tradition of extending gracious hospitality toward foreign nationals has been marred by a small band of criminals,” Mr. Coloma added. Mr. Hall, a former welder who was sailing around the Pacific, was abducted in September with his companion, Marites Flor, a Philippine citizen, from a resort on Samal Island, in the country’s south. Also abducted from the resort at the time were John Ridsdel, a Canadian mining executive, and Kjartan Sekkingstad, a Norwegian hotel manager. In April, Mr. Ridsdel was beheaded after ransom demands were not met. Ms. Flor and Mr. Sekkingstad are thought to be alive. Officially, the Canadian and Philippine governments do not pay ransom, but Philippine officials said last week that family members of those who had been abducted were negotiating to pay about $6. 5 million each for the release of Mr. Hall and Mr. Sekkingstad. Abu Sayyaf militants had said they would behead Mr. Hall on Monday afternoon if the ransom was not paid. In March, Abu Sayyaf abducted 10 sailors from Indonesia, and in April the group seized four sailors from Malaysia. The Indonesians were released in May, and the Malaysians in June. According to local news reports, both groups paid ransoms, but the Philippine government has not confirmed this. A Philippine police official said during a news briefing in Manila on Tuesday that only the head believed to be Mr. Hall’s had been found, and that it had been brought to Manila for DNA testing. The Philippine military is looking for Mr. Hall’s body to help with identification and to be able to return his remains to Canada. In Canada, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed on Monday to find those responsible for killing Mr. Hall and Mr. Ridsdel. “We are more committed than ever to working with the government of the Philippines and international partners to pursue those responsible for these heinous acts and bring them to justice, however long it takes,” Mr. Trudeau said. He reiterated Canada’s policy of not paying for the release of hostages, “as doing so would endanger the lives of more Canadians. ” Both Mr. Ridsdel and Mr. Hall lived in Calgary, Alberta, for some time. Mr. Ridsdel was a former journalist and oil industry executive with a large circle of friends that included many prominent Canadians. Mr. Hall generally worked as a welder and acted in community theater productions, sometimes in starring roles, according to several Canadian accounts. A statement from his family to Maclean’s magazine gave his year of birth as 1949. Before sailing across the Pacific in 2014, Mr. Hall was said to have been living in at least two communities in British Columbia.",0
10482,Americans' Support for 'Assault Weapons' Ban at Record Low,"Getty - Thomas Cooper 
Support for a ban on “assault weapons” is at the lowest rate in two decades, according to a poll released Wednesday. 
In an October survey from Gallup, 36 percent of Americans favor an assault weapons ban, down 21 percent since the pollster asked the same question in 1996. Image Credit: Gallup 
And the decrease in support for broader gun control measures spans all political affiliations. 
While 50 percent of Democrats support a ban, Independents and Republicans are more closely aligned with 31 percent and 25 percent support for an assault weapons ban, respectively. 
The only part of Gallup's survey that had Americans favoring stricter gun laws north of 50 percent centered on firearm sales specifically. According to Gallup, 55 percent of Americans think gun transactions should be more strict. However, that figure is also lower than levels from the 1990s. 
While assault rifles with selective fire are limited to military use absent a very rare and special permit, proposed assault weapons bans generally encompass semiautomatic rifles, shotguns, and handguns that some lawmakers deem too dangerous for public use. 
Gun rights and gun violence issues have been at the forefront of the presidential election for much of the year. But with many terrorist attacks and mass shootings resulting politicians' calls for bans, the opposition has only grown stronger. ",0
10483,Smart Meter Case Testimony Before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission: What No One Wants to Acknowledge About EMF Damage (Part 4 of 4),By Catherine J. Frompovich This is the continuation of the testimony I will present before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court November 2... ,0
10484,"When It Comes to a Veil, Brides Can Take It or Leave It - The New York Times","Molly Guy, the owner of Stone Fox Bride, a SoHo bridal shop, often finds herself catering to an unconventional client, one inclined to tweak or entirely dispense with tradition  —   and with it the wearing of a wedding veil. That bride, she said, “can barely stomach the idea of wearing a white dress, let alone a veil. ” Another type, Ms. Guy said, is more likely to conform. “Her mother and grandmother got married in a veil, and she will adhere to tradition. ” Yet a third, she said, reads Vogue and doesn’t care about the traditional: “She loves the accessory element of a veil. ” Whichever type of bride  —   in favor, opposed or simply on the fence  —   her decision to wear a veil, or reject it, is apt be fraught, heavily weighted by considerations of faith, family pressures, feminist principles and the no less compelling dictates of style. But what sets this bride apart from her mother’s generation is a ringing conviction that wearing a veil is less often a matter of custom than it is one of personal choice. Allison Shoening, 33, of Centennial, Colo. a project manager for a law firm, is to marry in September. She chose to wear a veil with the blusher, the portion that covers her face. “I struggled with the decision myself for a while,” Ms. Shoening said. “Over all, I like the look of a veil. It adds an   element to my wedding. ” And a wisp of decorum. “If I go strapless, I want to keep my look balanced,” she said. “I just don’t want everything bare. ” Others drop the veil, or at least the blusher, dismissing these elements as relics of male oppression, about as unwelcome on one’s wedding day as a pair of manacles. When she married four years, ago, Jessica Huseman, 26, left her head bare. “My   and I both find the idea of a veil to be a little silly,” she said. Pointedly, Ms. Huseman said: “We had this mutual agreement to share our lives. It was troubling, if you saw marriage as a partnership of equals, to wear a veil. ” “The idea of my husband lifting a veil over my face as his possession in front of our family and friends would have made me feel objectified,” she said. Those saying no to the veil included a number of women with deeply held religious convictions and strong family ties. Emily Dause, 30, who grew up in a family of evangelical Christians, saw no betrayal of her faith in replacing the veil with a headband for her coming May wedding. “It seemed to me that a veil is connected to being seen as a package, something to be given away on her wedding day,” said Ms. Dause, a teacher from Mechanicsburg, Pa. “It was disturbing that the veil has been viewed historically as connected to superstitions about warding off demons. ” She and others also see the veil as a symbolic reference to the virginity of the bride. Some brides sidestep the issue entirely, said Alexis Swerdloff, the    editor of New York Weddings. She said they replace the frothy length of cloth with a smaller, more discreet head covering, something like the birdcage (a small veil that cups the face) or the more   fascinator, an ornamental headpiece customarily embellished with a wisp of tulle extending slightly over one eye. Such choices tend to be governed less by custom than by taste. Wearing a fascinator, or alternately, a garland of flowers or   comb, “is a way of saying, ‘Oh, so, I’m a modern, cool bride, and I just like the way this looks,’” Ms. Swerdloff said. Meghan Boledovich, a restaurant forager at Print in New York, plans to wear a small veil when she marries in July. “I would wear it mostly because of how it looks,” she said. According to the Wedding Report, which tracks industry trends, based on government data and surveys of couples, the average amount spent on dress accessories (mostly veils, but other items, too) was $226 in 2015, a drop of 1. 3 percent from 2014. In a   culture, it’s not surprising that brides favoring the veil tend to be swayed by images of   muses like Princess Grace of Monaco, Bianca Jagger, Stevie Nicks or more contemporary figures, like Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, or Jerry Hall, who married Rupert Murdoch in March with her head covered by a cloud of lavishly embroidered tulle. As with many stylistic choices, “These things really come down to what people seeing in magazines, on blogs and on the runway,” said Ms. Guy of Stone Fox Bride. For inspiration, she refers her clients to a roster of hip role models, Gwen Stefani and Solange Knowles, among others, never mind that on her wedding day, Ms. Knowles had subbed the veil for a     white cape. Lindsay Short, a senior accessories buyer for David’s Bridal in Conshohocken, Pa. said she is seeing an uptick in brides who wear veils. “In particular to a return to the cathedral veil,” she said. “Our customer tends to be the bride that wants the ball gown and the fairy tale. ” A recent resurgence of   formfitting gowns calls for the trailing veil and train, Ms. Short said. “It gives her that showstopping moment many brides still dream of. ” Kristen Maxwell Cooper, the executive editor of The Knot, said surveys last year of brides who use that   website showed that 57 percent bought a veil. In contrast, in 2013, only 31 percent of the brides surveyed said they bought one. “Sometimes choosing to wear a veil has nothing to do with tradition,” Ms. Cooper said. “The feeling is that it’s just something beautiful. If you’re going to wear it, it’s now or never. ” Mara Urshel, an owner of Kleinfeld Bridal in Brooklyn, said that the company is selling as many veils as it did four or five years ago, despite price increases: Some cost $6, 000 or $7, 000, or even as much as $10, 000, for the type of elaborately embellished variations some luxury houses now offer to match their gowns. (Veils more typically start at $300 and may go up to $2, 500.) Ms. Swerdloff, who skipped the veil at her own wedding this month, was somewhat startled to discover that, contrary to her expectations, most of brides who were photographed for New York Weddings’ spring 2016 issue did indeed wear a veil. So eager were some New Yorkers to make a style splash on their day of days, they insisted on wearing an ultralong veil, once relegated to the formal setting of a church or palatial estate, in the most informal surroundings. “I’ve seen a lot of long veils on   brides wearing short dresses, and getting married in a community garden,” Ms. Swerdloff said. For some    an elaborate veil remains the single most effusive expression of a long cherished fantasy. “I always imagined I would wear a cathedral veil,” said Allison Appell Cohen, 27, an account manager for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas in Dallas. “Every girl wants to be princess for a few hours,” Ms. Cohen said. “The veil is a statement maker, it’s so regal. Just to have it and the train of my dress trailing behind me: I knew that’s what I wanted. ” Others, loath to sacrifice tradition, cling to the veil’s symbolism. Karen Salva, 28, a location scout and makeup artist in the film industry, was married this month in Mystic, Conn. in a   Jewish ceremony, her face and hair concealed. “As I got to the huppah,” she recalled, “my mother lifted the veil up and presented my husband to me. ” Benjamin Stern, her fiancé, had covered her face with the blusher veil, a variation on a Jewish wedding custom known as the badeken. Ms. Salva was moved: “It was symbolically a way of for him to say: ‘Let me do this one last thing for you. Let me protect you and shelter you. ’” Posting on the wedding blog “Love My Dress,” Jennifer Cranham commented that she initially hesitated to wear a veil. “But now, it’s one of the things I’m most excited about,” said Ms. Cranham, who will marry this year. Her mother was as well. Ms. Cranham wrote that when she tried on her veil in the fitting room, her mother gazed at her raptly. “The dress didn’t get tears,” Ms. Cranham said. “But the veil did. ”",0
10485,"Theresa May, Britain’s Prime Minister, Plays the ‘Brexit’ Waiting Game - The New York Times","LONDON  —   She is known in the British civil service as Theresa May, or Maybe Not. But after months in which she has provided little clue as to how she intends to negotiate Britain’s exit from the European Union, Mrs. May could soon have a harder time dodging the question. Mrs. May, the surprising successor as prime minister to David Cameron, who said a day after losing the June referendum on membership in the bloc that he would step down, has largely kept her own counsel. Although she was a quiet and perhaps lukewarm supporter of staying in the European Union, she has made it clear that she views the vote as democratic and that there would not be a  . Mrs. May got through the summer by saying, “Brexit means Brexit,” a gnomic statement that raised countless questions left cabinet ministers trying to shape the debate to their own, often diverging, views and annoyed her counterparts in Europe, who are eager to get on with the negotiations. The leaders of the 27 other European Union nations will meet on Friday in Bratislava, Slovakia, but Mrs. May has been conspicuously excluded from the gathering, intended to begin discussing the shape and direction of the bloc after a British exit. Like much of Britain, the European leaders are still trying to discern her priorities and to size up her approach to carrying out a historic and complex rupture. If Mrs. May has signaled any strategy, it is to play for time, giving her government  —   well stocked with members who were among the most prominent supporters of an exit  —   a chance to hash out a negotiating position, and perhaps to allow the political passions of the spring and summer to subside somewhat. Despite pressure from Brussels to move quickly, she has said that Britain will not invoke Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, formally notifying an intention to quit the bloc and beginning a   negotiation process, until the first quarter of 2017. The choices ahead are extremely complex and contentious, and for now, Mrs. May is letting various members of her cabinet set their own priorities, while emphasizing that the government  —   namely, she  —   has not yet taken official positions. She has no intention, she told Parliament, of giving “a running commentary” of the negotiations. In her cabinet, she put prominent advocates of leaving the European Union in central positions to manage that exit: Boris Johnson, the popular former London mayor who was the face of the campaign to leave the bloc, as foreign secretary David Davis, a veteran Conservative lawmaker, as secretary of state for exiting the European Union and a former defense secretary, Liam Fox, in charge of international trade. Mrs. May then set them, and some of their more   colleagues, against one another. They have been fighting over turf, and over how many Foreign Office staff members could be sent to work at the other ministries. And she ruled that all three should share the use of Chevening House, a country mansion in Kent that is traditionally assigned to the foreign secretary, but that is now nicknamed Brexit Towers. While Mrs. May has remained nearly mute on the subject of the path leading to a British exit, her ministers have managed to inject their views into the public debate. Mr. Johnson, for one, wrote her a “private” memo setting out his position, which was promptly leaked. In it, Mr. Johnson, reflecting concern among campaigners from the “Leave” camp that Mrs. May would water down their victory by negotiating a    break from Brussels, laid down four red lines: control over immigration from European Union countries, an end to British contributions to the European budget, ceasing the application of European legislation to Britain, and removing the country from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice. Mr. Johnson has also thrown his support behind a new lobbying group, Change Britain, introduced over the weekend and intended to maintain pressure on the prime minister to have what is known as a “hard exit” from the European Union, with control over immigration and no attempt to bargain with it to preserve   access to the single European market of 500 million people. Other supporters include prominent Conservatives like Michael Gove, the former justice minister, and Nigel Lawson, a former chancellor of the Exchequer under Margaret Thatcher. At some point, Mrs. May’s studied silence risks creating a leadership vacuum or feeding into the economic uncertainty that has hung over Britain since the referendum. The most fundamental decision may be how much to prioritize control over immigration, one of the clear demands from the referendum, and ending the freedom of movement and labor that membership in the European Union requires. While those favoring a British departure promised during the referendum campaign that immigration could be controlled and that Britain could retain access to the single market, agreement by the other 27 countries is nearly inconceivable, as it would overthrow one of the basic tenets of the bloc: that market access and freedom of movement are inextricably linked. While reclaiming control over the nation’s borders seems to be the priority for many of the voters who favored leaving the bloc, many business interests in Britain  —   not least the financial services industry in the City of London and big manufacturers  —   want to retain access to the single market. That   and the degree to which Britain would be willing to make other concessions to Europe to retain market access, is likely to be the trickiest issue confronting Ms. May. Mr. Johnson aside, would Britain be willing to pay into the European Union budget as a nonmember, as Norway does, and if not, what kind of trade deal could Britain negotiate, sector by sector, and how long would that take? When Mr. Davis told the House of Commons this month that it was “very improbable” that Britain would remain in the single market, Mrs. May, through her spokeswoman, chided him and said he was only “setting out his opinion. ” “The prime minister’s view is that we should be ambitious and go after the best deal we can,” said the spokeswoman, Helen Bower. Britain’s financial sector, which represents 10 percent of gross domestic product, wants to preserve “passporting rights,” the ability to offer services throughout the rest of the bloc, including in the 19 countries that use the euro. The chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, who backed remaining in the European Union, also wants to preserve passporting rights. But French officials like Emmanuel Macron, the former economy minister and a possible  presidential candidate, are dead set against that. In an interview in London, Mr. Macron said that financial institutions based in Britain must be prevented from selling their services in the eurozone after the country leaves the European Union. Passporting is an integral part of the single market, he said, and “should not be seen as a technical issue but a matter of sovereignty. ” He continued: “We have the eurozone. Could we accept to be cleared, regulated and de facto have inflows and outflows from a country that has decided to leave the E. U.? For me, definitely not. ” In the meantime, Mrs. May and her country are getting a taste of what it will mean to be outside Europe. While the summit meeting of the other European Union leaders on Friday in Bratislava is expected to produce little of substance, its theme is “security,” including borders, migration, terrorism and further defense cooperation. These are issues in which Britain, still a full member of the European Union, has a considerable interest and stake. How much cooperation will Britain after its departure want or expect from the European Union on such matters as policing, intelligence sharing, arrest warrants, extradition? Mrs. May, Britain’s home secretary for six years, will have to make some choices there, as well.",0
10486,"Texas Puppy Recovering After Rescue from Hot Car, Owner Arrested","A Texas pup is recovering today after being left inside the sweltering heat of a car. The dog’s owner finds himself in legal trouble and may lose his rights to the dog. [Witnesses discovered Anabella, a    German   mix, locked inside a car in Manor, Texas, where temperatures reached a   109 degrees, CBSDFW reported. Manor is located just east of the state’s capital city, Austin.  After freeing the puppy, officials transported her to a local veterinarian, Dr. Katharine Lund, at the Austin Animal Center. Lund told reporters the puppy was near death when she received it. However, after receiving treatment, little Annabella is showing signs of a “miraculous recovery,” the Dallas CBS affiliate reported. She said that when a dog gets heat stroke, it is very difficult to get them back. Police arrested Annabella’s owner. Police identified the man as    Chandler Allen Bullen. KVUE reported Bullen told police he left the puppy in the car without the engine running because he didn’t “want to waste gas. ” He faces charges of cruelty to a   animal. “When we find these animals in the car, they are either on the ground or on the floor board, at the lowest point of the car because obviously heat rises,” Austin Police Animal Cruelty Officer Alan Schwettmann told the reporter. “I’m not sure what people are thinking  —  maybe they’re thinking they’re going into a location and just going to be there for a minute. ” As for Annabelle, “She’s running around the exam room, wagging her tail  —   she ate all of her food. ” Dr. Lund told the Austin ABC affiliate. “She’s very healthy. She’s very lucky. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
10487,"Face It. Nobody Cares About Wikileaks Because Trump Doesn't Have The ""Temperament"" To be President. He's Scary.","Face It. Nobody Cares About Wikileaks Because Trump Doesn't Have The ""Temperament"" To be President. He's Scary. He taunts and threatens people on twitter. He hints at enemies lists. He says Saudi Arabia should be free to develop nukes along with South Korea and Japan.no one trusts Trumps temperament with the nuclear football.He is a dangerous idiot.He is also against free speech and would probably shut down this board just like you shut down people who say things YOU don't like.That is not to even mention his racism and sexism.It's ironic that glp backs a guy who will shut down glp if elected once his surveillance state finds criticism of him here which I will make sure it does. Anonymous Coward",0
10488,Sexist Political Criticism Finds a New Target: Kellyanne Conway - The New York Times,"What powerful political woman is mocked for her clothes, is the target of pictures on Twitter depicting her as haggard and is routinely called a witch and a bitch? If you guessed Hillary Clinton, you’re right. But if you guessed Kellyanne Conway, you’re right, too. Misogyny, it seems, remains a bipartisan exercise. Whatever legitimate criticisms can be leveled at each woman, it’s striking how often that anger is expressed using the same sexist themes, from women as well as men. Mrs. Clinton “repeats her tacky outfits,” one Twitter critic sniped. The Inauguration Day outfit of Ms. Conway, a counselor to President Trump, looked like “a night terror of an android majorette. ” Mrs. Clinton’s hair has drawn relentless derision one Twitter user recently asked: “Why does Kellyanne Conway always look like she’s still drunk  wearing make up from last night’s bender?” And both women have been repeatedly compared to witches from “The Wizard of Oz,” most recently in pictures shared on Twitter tying Ms. Conway to the witch killed under Dorothy’s house. The two women are at opposite ideological poles, but they stir up the same lingering cultural discomfort with ambitious, assertive women. “These sexist memes are not the purview of one party,” said Karen Finney, a senior adviser to the Clinton campaign. “We fear strong women and women with power. These attacks are meant to delegitimize that power. ” Ms. Conway has drawn scorn, and been disinvited from some news programs, for her references to a “Bowling Green massacre” that never took place and her defense of claims about the size of the crowd at Mr. Trump’s inauguration as “alternative facts. ” Yet some of the criticisms have taken on a distinctly sexualized tone. Witness the furor over her sitting on her knees on a couch in the Oval Office during a reception for presidents of historically black colleges. While she drew fire for disrespect, some of the criticisms included digs about her spreading her legs and raunchy allusions to oral sex, Monica Lewinsky and Bill Clinton. Representative Cedric L. Richmond, Democrat of Louisiana, told a   joke that hers was a “familiar” position in the Oval Office of the 1990s, drawing a rebuke from none other than Chelsea Clinton. (Mr. Richmond apologized Sunday evening.) A “Saturday Night Live” skit riffed on Ms. Conway as a “Fatal Attraction” stalker, breaking into the CNN correspondent Jake Tapper’s house to seduce him into having her on his show. “There seems to be great resentment of both as power hungry and wanting to control men,” said Marjorie J. Spruill, the author of “Divided We Stand: The Battle Over Women’s Rights and Family Values That Polarized American Politics. ” “Whereas Hillary is called castrating or shrewish, Conway is often called a slut. The implication is that she is using femininity to control men. ” Ms. Spruill noted that Ms. Conway had leaned back to take pictures as a favor to the participants, but that some critics had cast the pose as a sexual  . Ironies abound. Ms. Conway is loathed by many Clinton aides as the architect of a presidential campaign that they felt used overtly and implicitly sexist messages. Mr. Trump repeatedly denigrated women for their appearance and, after taking office, directed his female staff members to “dress like women. ” Many conservative women, from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter, have emphasized their femininity to distance themselves from feminists, whom they accuse of hating men. In a recent interview at the Conservative Political Action Conference, Ms. Conway said she supported many feminist principles but said she would not call herself one because feminism is     and identified with the left. “I think some of the reticence that might be coming across in not a huge chorus of defense of Kellyanne Conway in the face of these sexist comments is the feeling that she doesn’t have our back,” said Gillian Thomas, a senior staff lawyer of the Women’s Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union. “It’s a shame,” Ms. Thomas continued. “If women were more united and speaking up at this behavior, including when it’s perpetrated by the left, we’d all be a lot better off. ” Ms. Conway suggested in an interview with The Daily Caller that there would have been more outrage at the comments if she had been a liberal woman, adding, “And it is not just if I were a liberal woman, but if I were a   one. ” Ms. Conway did not respond to a message left with her assistant requesting comment for this article. Still, Ms. Conway has spirited defenders on the right on social media who say she should be championed as an example of a groundbreaking woman in politics instead of mocked in sexist terms, and some liberal women in Facebook comments chided others for sexism. “Ladies  Gents, I disagree with her as much as anyone,” wrote someone identified as Melissa Mae. “It would be nice to see comments sticking to valid points instead of ALWAYS going after women on the basis of ‘looks. ’” Mirya R. Holman, an assistant professor of political science at Tulane University who studies gender and politics, said, “This does mimic what conservative women have said in the past: ‘You liberals think you’re so enlightened, but we still get people saying vile things about us. ’” Jennifer Palmieri, the director of communications for the Clinton campaign, who memorably clashed with Ms. Conway at a postelection forum at Harvard, also sees echoes of the sexism that dogged her candidate in the attacks on Ms. Conway. She said she believed Ms. Conway should be held accountable for her actions. But she noted that while Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, is portrayed as an “evil genius” who cannily promotes images of an America at risk from immigrants and foreign competitors, Ms. Conway is depicted as “crazy” for devising and promoting similar messages. “What I find really disturbing is because he’s a man, that’s really smart and strategic,” Ms. Palmieri said. “Why is there not a theory behind what Kellyanne does?” Whether the attacks come from the right or the left, they show a persistent anger toward women who step outside conventional roles. Social media has long enabled a thriving subculture of the violent disparagement of women, such as the GamerGate threats toward those who challenged the male bastion of video games. Much as latent racism surfaced during the presidency of Barack Obama, this election exposed a vitriol toward powerful women that continues to erupt, beyond the confines of Twitter or Reddit. “To me, the 2016 election was hopefully an opportunity to be reminded that we’re not in some kind of postgender society,” Professor Holman said. “There’s a smaller set of acceptable behaviors for women. ” Ms. Finney, a longtime Clinton aide, has watched those issues play out for more than 20 years in public life as Mrs. Clinton served as a   for debates about women’s roles. She said she and conservative women would sit in green rooms awaiting television appearances and trade stories about how they were attacked. “There is this sense: ‘Are you kidding me? ’” she said. “‘Are we going back to this?’ Maybe we have to go back to go forward. ”",0
10489,President Elect Trump: What Can The US And The World Expect?,"President Elect Trump is the new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th, 2016 successfully won the US presidential election. 
Via HumansAreFree 

Trump managed to defeat favorite Hillary Clinton by a relatively narrow margin. The victory came as a shock to many Americans, regardless of where they reside on the political spectrum.
For many in the alternative media, the victory of President Elect Trump comes with a great sense of relief that career criminal Hillary Clinton was not elected (or installed) as so many had expected. Clinton had already showed a propensity to collude, cheat and lie during the Democratic Primaries where she triumphed with dirty tactics over Bernie Sanders.
For many others, turned off by Trump’s racism, sexism, xenophobia, Islamophobia and generally flippant comments, the Trump victory is devastating and will challenge them psychologically and emotionally to accept the reality for the results. Hillary Clinton: What Went Wrong?
The result is especially surprising given the degree to which Hillary Clinton had ingratiated herself with the upper echelons of the NWO (New World Order). From an outside perspective, it seemed Clinton had left no stone unturned in brown-nosing and sucking up to the most powerful people and organizations in the world, including the Rothschilds, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller CFR (Council on Foreign Relations) and many many more.
Additionally, given her propensity for criminality and her powerful backers such as George Soros, coupled with the serious problems electronic voting machines possess in being able to be hacked and the vote flipped, many are left wondering how Hillary lost . What went wrong? At this stage in the game of post-election analysis, we can point to a few things. Hillary’s criminal past clearly caught up with her. It is unprecedented in the history of US presidential elections for a leading candidate to be under an on-again, off-again criminal investigation.
Clinton simply has so many scandals in her recent and distant past that it’s like trying to stop a ship with 30 holes from sinking; you can’t plug them all. She was also running up against the problem that the Democrats had been in power for 8 years, when recent history shows that power seems to change hands in around that time frame.
Clinton represented the establishment, and as the popularity of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump has shown, people are tired of the same. They intuitively know the system is rigged and corrupt, even if they can’t exactly put their fingers on it. Obama, Mr. “Hope and Change”, got in with a slick campaign of promising something different (upon which he didn’t deliver).
Trump represented anti-establishment, and whether he truly embodies that or not is an entirely different matter, because it’s all about perception. Does a Trump Victory Show that NWO Powerbrokers Are Less in Control than It Seems?
The win of President Elect Trump is truly shocking and monumental event. Many people (including myself) were predicting that it was a foregone conclusion that Clinton would win. For instance, founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange stated before the election that “Trump would not permitted to win”. The MSM (Mainstream Media) were clearly favoring Clinton at almost every turn.
Whatever you think of Trump, we can at least say the will of the majority of American voters was respected, which is a relief, given how much corruption exists in our society today. The question now is this: is a Trump victory the result the NWO powerbrokers wanted all along, for reasons we are yet to see? Or is it a genuine uprising against these forces?
What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Liberty and Freedom?
For me, Trump can be summarized in one word: unpredictable . President Elect Trump truly embodies unpredictability more than any other high-level politician around. One moment he is railing against the 9/11 official story, then he is declaring his love for Israel, then he is bringing up the vaccine-autism connection, then he is suggesting Snowden be killed.
Next he is suggesting GMO corn makes you stupid, then he suggesting Muslims be banned from the US, then he is calling global warming a hoax, then he is suggesting the Government be given the power to shut down the internet.
Then, after all of that, he makes friendly overtures to Russia while demonizing the hell out of Iran. What does he stand for? Peace or war? Freedom or tyranny? At this stage no one knows, probably not even Trump himself.
He has contradicted himself numerous times throughout his campaign, and merely once suggesting a good idea (i.e. looking at who controls the issuance of money instead of letting the international bankers via the Federal Reserve control it) doesn’t mean it will become his policy.
Unpredictability is one of Trump’s great qualities, but also one of his most dangerous. A lot will depend on with whom he surrounds himself once becoming President Trump, and what kind of advice they give him.
His VP Mike Pence is a standard conservative Republican who will be no doubt far more to the liking of the NWO conspirators, but Trump is also taking advice from retired DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) chief Michael Flynn, the man who came out and highlighted how the US created ISIS in a declassified DIA document. For now, America and the world have around two-and-a-half months to get over the incredible shock of yesterday’s result and psychologically prepare itself for a Trump presidency.
Meanwhile, it would be foolish for us to expect that one man can fix all of America’s problems. It will be the job of the independent and alternative media to hold Trump to his promises and his word, and to continue to share ideas of how we can truly create a better, freer and more just society. This necessarily involves questioning the very structures and systems of society, and will never magically improve with just the passing of the baton from one politician to another.
",0
10490,A Great Indian Novel Reaches American Shores - The New York Times,"Troubles  —   like ants  —   seldom walk alone. In GHACHAR GHOCHAR (Penguin, $15, paper) a new novella by the Indian writer Vivek Shanbhag, translated from Kannada by Srinath Perur, a family is besieged by both and develops a taste for responding with imaginative cruelty. Sudden wealth only makes them more ruthless. “It’s true what they say  —   it’s not we who control money, it’s the money that controls us,” the nameless narrator realizes, a little late in the day. “When there’s only a little, it behaves meekly when it grows, it becomes brash and has its way with us. Money had swept us up and flung us in the midst of a whirlwind. ” This spiny, scary story of moral decline, crisply plotted and no thicker than my thumb, has been heralded as the finest Indian novel in a decade, notable for a book in bhasha, one of India’s vernacular languages. The Great Indian Novel has almost always referred to a particular kind of book: big, baggy, polyphonic and, crucially, written in English  —   “Midnight’s Children,” say, or “The God of Small Things. ” Admirers of this austere little tale, who include Suketu Mehta and Katherine Boo, have compared Shanbhag to Chekhov. Folded into the compressed, densely psychological portrait of this family is a whole universe: a parable of rising India, an indictment of domestic violence, a taxonomy of ants and a sly commentary on translation itself. The title is a nonsense phrase, meaning tangled beyond repair. Our narrator (who, with his excellent intentions and total lack of initiative, recalls Nick Carraway) hears it for the first time on his honeymoon. He has pounced on his new wife, Anita, in their hotel room, but can’t untie the drawstring of her sari’s petticoat. It’s all knotted up  —   ghachar ghochar, she says, reaching for a word from her childhood, a word invented by her little brother to describe a snarled kite string. The narrator is thrilled by this intimacy, to be welcomed into her secret language. In the morning, he gestures at the disheveled bedsheets, their entwined legs: ghachar ghochar. All families are their own countries, with their own idioms, rites and taboos. Anita is not the only character who has grown up within the borders of a particular culture, yet when the narrator tries to share something of his own world, as new lovers will, Anita is understandably less charmed. To survive years of privation, his peculiar family has learned to move as one. The narrator can scarcely extricate himself in his own mind: “What can I say of myself that is only about me and not tied up with the others? Wherever I try to start, I quickly run into one of three women . ’u2008. ’u2008. each more fearsome than the other. ” Everyone has a specific role. His uncle runs the family business, a spice packaging company. His fearsome mother and sister fight the family’s battles and keep his father, a   of the business, appeased until he makes a will. The narrator’s job is to stay out of the way, mainly, “killing time with great dedication. ” Anita is repulsed by her new husband’s passivity and the family’s brutal, bullying tactics. “She would need to have lived through those earlier days with us,” the narrator laments. “When the whole family stuck together, walking like a single body across the tightrope of our circumstances. Without that reality behind her, it’s all a matter of empty principle. ” Shanbhag is excellent on the inner logic of families, and of language, how even the most innocent phrases come freighted with history. In the book’s funniest set piece, the narrator’s mother tells him she’s cooking him a special breakfast. He recognizes her announcement for what it is  —   a declaration of war  —   and flees the house. His mother has chosen to make this particular dish because the smell of it nauseates Anita. Anita takes the bait, the narrator’s sister is drawn into the quarrel, then his father. The powder keg explodes. “Ghachar Ghochar” is one of the first books written in Kannada  —   a language with around 40 million speakers  —   to be published in America. And much about its provenance and its passage into English is distinct  —   it’s the product of a true collaboration between Shanbhag and Perur, a   translator whose interest in this kind of work came not from his closeness to the language but his distance. He felt divorced from his mother tongue, he told me, and hoped translation would help him find his way back. For 18 months, author and translator worked on the   book, taking it apart in Kannada and putting it back together in English  —   lightly editing it here and there, even adding a scene or two. The actual translation wasn’t the tricky part, even though Kannada is a very different language  —   looser, more permissive about repetition. In fact, the translation brought certain elements into sharper focus. To establish the past tense in Kannada requires some elaborate grammatical framing. But English is efficient and allows the action of the book to move as a mind moves, to leap between present and past. If anything, translating the book from Kannada into Indian English (for a version published in India last year) proved less complicated than the subsequent jump from Indian to American English small turns of phrase evocative to the Indian reader  —   “washing vessels” for washing dishes, “iron box” for iron  —   had to be tweaked. Perur did retain one lovely local detail. The family is accused of using umbrellas to shelter them from moonlight. In the village, where no one can afford umbrellas or knows what they are, the nouveau riche put them to absurd uses. The real work of translation is always in carrying over the unsaid  —   never more important than in a book like “Ghachar Ghochar,” where the characters are impelled by forces within themselves, their families and their communities that feel so furtive, even unspeakable. For Perur it was a matter of establishing a voice that could be convincingly savvy and blind. He wrote and rewrote the early pages until he settled on a tone he believed could carry the novel. The book in our hands is elegant, lean, balletic  —   but how can we know if the essence of the original has been communicated? When this question has been put to Vivek Shanbhag, who has himself also worked as a translator, he has recalled one particular passage from the novel. It is, notably, one of the scenes he added specifically for the translation. The narrator’s wife has gone out of town and he is idly rifling through her closet, touching her clothes, her jewelry. He catches scent of her suddenly. He presses his face into her saris to smell more, but the closer he gets, the more the smell retreats. “Whatever fragrance the whole wardrobe had was missing in the individual clothes it held. The more keenly I sought it, the further it receded. A strange mixture of feelings I could not quite grasp  —   love, fear, entitlement, desire, frustration  —   flooded through me until it seemed like I would break. ” The essence of a novel, Shanbhag seems to imply, floats like fragrance through the book. It is the emanation of the sum of its parts and cannot be isolated. And perhaps any attempt to single it out is beside the point. Translation isn’t merely an act of transportation, after all, of carrying something over. It’s asymptotic (“the more keenly I sought it, the further it receded”) a kind of contented yearning and act of ardor every bit as mysterious as the narrator’s efforts to find his beloved among her belongings.",0
10491,Fecal Pollution Taints Water at Melbourne’s Beaches After Storm - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   The annual beach pilgrimage during the height of summer in Melbourne, Australia’s   city, is threatened by an unsettling phenomenon: shores where the tides are tainted with excrement. The Environment Protection Authority in the state of Victoria said on Monday that heavy rains had caused fecal pollution to wash into Port Phillip from rivers, creeks and drains. It advised against swimming at 21 beaches because of poor water quality. “It’s poo in all its luxurious forms that is causing the problem,” said Anthony Boxshall, the agency’s manager of applied sciences, noting that the waste was coming from people, dogs, horses, cows, birds and other animals. Fecal pollution can cause serious health problems, including gastroenteritis. Mr. Boxshall said much of the waste had been washed down the   Yarra River that runs through Melbourne into Port Phillip, affecting the city’s bayside beaches the most. The agency, which takes regular water samples, rates beaches. A “good” rating means that the water is suitable for swimming. “Fair” means that rainfall has affected the water. “Poor” means people should avoid it. Residents said that the pollution had deterred them from indulging in a favorite summer ritual. “When the temperature gets above 86 Fahrenheit, Melbournians typically pack the family in the car with food and drink and spend the day at the beach,” said Sam Riley, who lives in the city. “I was going to take my two young boys to the beach myself over the summer, but now I’m concerned about whether the water is clean. ” Mr. Boxshall said any improvement in the beaches’ water quality was uncertain as long as the rain continued. The agency says it usually takes between 24 and 48 hours for the waters to clear after the rain stops.",0
10492,DAPL Guards Who Attacked Natives with Dogs Were Not Licensed to Work Security,"An investigation conducted by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department has concluded that the Frost Kennel dog-handlers hired by the DAPL, were not properly licensed to handle security in the State of North Dakota, nor are they a registered security company in the State of Ohio. On Sept. 3, Democracy Now journalist, Amy Goodman, and film crew captured Frost Kennel workers attacking land protectors with guard dogs, sparking a national outcry.
Dakota Access Pipeline Company Attacks Native American Protesters with Dogs & Pepper Spray:
According to North Dakota’s Grand Forks Herald , Frost Kennels, who was working under a private security company called Silverton, refused to cooperate with investigators, and as a result, they were supposedly only able to identify the Frost Kennel workers exposed in social media . This includes Ashley Nicole Welch, who was the main aggressor.
Ashley Nicole Welch. Source: Facebook",0
10493,"California Today: After Lawmaker’s Silencing, More Cries of ‘She Persisted’ - The New York Times","Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) The Democrats’ power in the State Capitol is ironclad. And it was wielded in startling fashion last week when a Republican state senator defied a demand to stop speaking and was physically removed from the Senate floor by law enforcement. The senator, Janet Nguyen, had stood up to criticize Tom Hayden, the 1960s radical, over his opposition to the Vietnam War. Days earlier, Mr. Hayden had been honored in the Capitol for his service in the Legislature. He died in October. But as Ms. Nguyen, who fled Communist Vietnam as a child, was speaking, the presiding senator declared her out of order. When she refused to sit, he summoned the   . “Have her removed immediately,” said the senator, Ricardo Lara, a Democrat. If the plan was to silence Ms. Nguyen, it backfired. Captured on video, the commotion drew wide news coverage. Republicans circulated their outrage on social media, with some adopting the #shepersisted hashtag that became a rallying cry after Senator Elizabeth Warren was herself cut off during a speech. At the California Republican Party’s convention over the weekend, Ms. Nguyen was held up as a symbol of free speech. Hundreds of stickers were printed that read: “I stand with Janet. ” “It’s unknowable for us why they wouldn’t allow it,” Jean Fuller, the Senate Republican leader, said of the action against Ms. Nguyen. Some Democrats accused Ms. Nguyen of having violated parliamentary rules. Mr. Lara declined through a spokesman to offer specifics. On Monday, Kevin de León, the Senate president pro tempore, addressed the controversy on the Senate floor, saying he was “troubled” by what happened. “Thursday was not one of the finest moments in the Senate’s history,” he said. “As the leader of this body, I take full responsibility for what transpired and for making sure it never happens again. ” That may not be enough for Republicans who are calling for an investigation. “My constituents are extremely upset,” said Ms. Nguyen, who represents a part of Orange County with a large Vietnamese population. “They’re upset that their voices were shut down. ” Even so, as happened with Ms. Warren, Ms. Nguyen’s   speech got far more attention than it otherwise would have. You can read it here. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • A small plane crashed into a Riverside neighborhood. At least three people died. [The Press Enterprise] • Making sense of Measure S, the latest battle in Los Angeles’s war over development. [Los Angeles Times] • A judge affirmed a blogger’s right to publish the home addresses of California lawmakers who backed gun legislation. [The Associated Press] • Unauthorized immigrants in Sacramento are selling their furniture and cars in case they are deported. [Sacramento Bee] • California leaders demanded details from the Trump administration on immigration arrests in the state. [Reuters] • It’s science, minus the swearing. A Los Alamitos school is using a PG edition of the book “The Martian” to teach physics, astronomy and chemistry. [The New York Times] • SpaceX plans to send two tourists around the moon and back in 2018. [The New York Times] • An Uber official resigned after the company learned he was accused of sexual harassment while working at Google. [The New York Times] • How apparent human error combined with live television to   effect at the Oscars. [The New York Times] • Photos: Ten images that show the extensive damage to the Lake Oroville spillway. [KCRA] • San Diego County was deluged with its heaviest rain of the winter. [San Diego  ] It was “the worst party ever. ” That’s how Bill Schutt, author of the gripping new book “Cannibalism: A Perfectly Natural History,” titled his chapter on the Donner Party tragedy. In the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast. Led by George Donner, a businessman with no trail experience, the group took a misguided shortcut that in fact put them weeks behind schedule. Still, by late October, they stood before the final mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada, just a day or two from civilization on the other side. They rested for the night. And in a stroke of colossally bad luck, disaster hit. It snowed. They were stuck. Through the winter months, the group descended into starvation, madness and, infamously, cannibalism. The last survivor, found surrounded by half eaten corpses, wasn’t rescued until  . All told, 35 died during the winter encampment or trying to escape it. We caught up with Mr. Schutt, who is a professor of biology at Long Island University, by phone. Some excerpts from the conversation: Q. I get the sense that your book tries to normalize cannibalism. Is that right? A. That’s a fine line to walk. If you’re not careful it sounds like you’re condoning that behavior. And I’m not. What I’m doing is taking a look at it through the eyes of a zoologist, of a scientist. . .. When looking at survival cannibalism like the Donners, I’m not trying to normalize that, I’m trying to say that it’s predictable behavior. Q. What did you learn about human nature researching this story? A. Just how strong and rugged these people were.   …     They showed incredible bravery all along the way. There was individual heroism, group heroism on a scale that makes you glad that you’re human. Q. Why do you think the Donner Party attracts such fascination? A. They came so close to getting across that pass. They missed it by a night. And if you’ve ever stood in the Donner Pass and looked down and realized that they got this far  —   that blew me away. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
10494,Imam and His Assistant Killed in a Shooting Near a Mosque in Queens - The New York Times,"A gunman shot and killed an imam and his assistant on the street near their mosque in a   corner of Queens on Saturday afternoon, the police said. The police said the imam, whom they identified as Alauddin Akonjee, 55, and the assistant, Thara Miah, 64, were shot shortly before 2 p. m. near the mosque,   Jame Masjid, in the Ozone Park neighborhood. Officers found them with gunshot wounds to their heads when they arrived at the scene, at the corner Liberty Avenue and 79th Street. The police said that both men were taken to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, where they died. The crime, during a wave of   hostility across the country, unsettled many in the neighborhood, an enclave that area leaders described as a growing hub of Muslim families from Bangladesh that straddles the border between Brooklyn and Queens. The two men had just left a prayer session at the mosque, according to Misba Abdin, 47, who attends the mosque and is a leader of an area nonprofit that works with Bangladeshi residents. Mr. Abdin and other congregants said that Mr. Akonjee, originally from Bangladesh, lived in the area. The police said it appeared that Mr. Akonjee and Mr. Uddin were targeted but did not immediately release a motive for the shooting. They were wearing religious garb, and Mr. Akonjee was carrying more than $1, 000, the police said. The money was not taken. They were approached from behind by a man wearing a dark polo shirt and shorts as they were turning onto Liberty Avenue, according to witnesses and video footage from the area, the police said. Witnesses saw a man running away with a gun, the police said, and they released a sketch of the suspect on Sunday morning. The police said that they were investigating what led to the shooting, saying they did not know whether it was related to a botched robbery, a dispute or anything tied to their religion or race. “There’s nothing in the preliminary investigation that would indicate that they were targeted by their faith,” said Henry Sautner, a deputy inspector in the New York Police Department. A law enforcement official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the active investigation, said that the crime did not fit any existing pattern and cautioned that the motive was still wide open. “What it does seem is that it was planned, to some extent,” the official said. “It looks more like a targeted shooting than anything else. ” Detectives have not found video footage of the shooting itself, nor have they located an eyewitness, the official said. That video shows the gunman following the two victims. “There is no question that he was targeting them,” the official said. “But it’s hard to say why. ” One snippet of video shows the victims walking, with the suspected gunman following deliberately behind, the official said. Then, they go out of the frame of the camera. Around 15 seconds later, another video shows the same man “running back,” alone, after the shooting, the official said. “Unfortunately, because we don’t have yet good video coverage of the actual shooting, it’s hard to say what transpired,” the official said. “Witnesses said they heard several shots. They saw the guy running with the gun in his hand. ” No one has said they heard the gunman speak during the shooting. Hundreds of Ozone Park residents rallied Saturday evening at the crime scene, a nondescript block underneath elevated subway tracks, to denounce the shooting. “We want justice!” they chanted over the sounds overhead of the subway and helicopters. A few hours later, another group of residents, religious leaders and members of   groups gathered in front of the mosque several blocks away. Mohammed Abu Yusuf, 67, a travel consultant and a longtime resident, said he came out because the shooting had angered him. “Here, it is surprising,” he said. Many people said that the nature of the shooting, in the middle of the day with no obvious motive, led them to conclude that the men were targeted because of their race or religion. “It could have been me over here,” said Kobir Chowdhury, 40, the president of Masjid   a nearby mosque in Brooklyn. Zead Ramadan, the board president of the Council on   Relations in New York, connected it to the current political discourse, where   rhetoric and a rise in Islamophobia have left many feeling strained. “This is a crime against humanity,” he said. In the United States, there has been an average of 12. 6 suspected   hate crimes a month in recent years, according to an analysis of F. B. I. statistics, but that number appeared to spike late last year. “Of course we’re afraid,” said Jamil Kahn, 38, who has attended Mr. Akonjee’s mosque and who works in the neighborhood. Those who knew and worshiped with Mr. Akonjee described him as a quiet and pious man. “He doesn’t talk, unless he acts,” Mr. Abdin said. “He just comes to the mosque and comes home. ” Out of many imams, Mr. Chowdhury said, “he was a imam who you would want to hear his sermon. ”",0
10495,The Scary TRUTH About World War 3 (2017 illuminati plan & predictions – Russia Or Islam),"November 4, 2016 at 10:44 pm 
Things are going to be so far worse and terrible then any human on this Planet could ever imagine. Embrace your loved ones and cherish them while you still can and rely on the Lord Jesus, Humanity's Savior to deliver you and your Family from the Evil that is about to consume this planet like we have never seen before. If you are lost with yourself and Soul repent to Jesus and Accept him as your Savior. He is the only way, the Truth and the Light. God be with you all and God Help Us, Amen.﻿",0
10496,Guilt By Association Smear In NYT Gets Virginia Dare Wrong AGAIN,"Guilt By Association Smear In NYT Gets Virginia Dare Wrong AGAIN > November 7, 2016, 10:20 am   
The New York Times has done the usual guilt-by-association thing in blaming Trump for us here at VDARE.com, people like us, and people we don’t even know (which last would include David Duke ) For his part, Mr. Trump has not expressed support for the white nationalist groups that have rallied to his candidacy. But neither has he distanced himself from them, with the exception of David Duke , the former Klansman who is running for Senate and whom Mr. Trump disavowed after some initial wavering last winter. It’s nonsense to say he wavered on this–see Ann Coulter’s Ann Coulter: Trump Wins “Disavowal” Game, Then Super Tuesday. [White nationalists]are now beginning to grapple with how to best harness the energy that his campaign has stirred up. Mr. Spencer’s group, the National Policy Institute, which says it is “dedicated to the heritage, identity and future of people of European descent in the United States, and around the world,” is organizing a valedictory conference in the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington shortly after the election. The aim is to take stock of the presidential campaign — “when our ideas began invading the mainstream” — and figure out what’s next. In addition to Mr. Spencer, the speakers will include Peter Brimelow, the founder of Vdare.com , an anti-immigration website named for Virginia Dare, the first white baby born in the English colonies. 
Donald Trump’s Extremist Supporters Feel Like Winners Either Way, By Jonathan Mahler And Julie Turkewitz, The New York Times, November 6, 2016 
That’s better than the way they frequently get it wrong, when they say she was the first white child born in America, but the way we put it is this: “the first English child to be born in the New World. ” That, by the way, is the way a lot of historians put it. 
However, a pre-multicultural poem by Rosemary and Stephen Vincent Benet put it better: 
Peregrine White 
Were the first real Americans 
Anywhere.",0
10497,"SHOCK: After FBI Surprise Attack, is Democratic Leadership Giving up on Hillary?","10,300 10,300 likes 
Unreal! We live in fascinating, exciting times, brothers! 
Other such public actions of retribution have coincided with this(ie CNN actually firing Donna Brazile for being a despicable hack). These are remarkable turnarounds, but what could be behind this? If the democratic leadership is turning on Hillary, why would they do this? What’s their reasoning for doing so? What’s in it for them? Well, the answers would surprise many, but are logical if thought through. 
Saving Face and Saving Brand 
Hillary Clinton is a sociopathic criminal, guilty of treason, mass murder for profit, and lining the pockets of globalists at our expense. We know that folks like us, in the Alt-media, and #AltRight etc all know that…but the “blue-pilled”, “normie” public, has, up until this point…not known that! 
All these O’Keefe, Wikileaks, and whistleblower revelations about Hillary and Washington DC are news to tens of millions of people. Some still haven’t heard this news, others still shockingly don’t care…but it doesn’t matter now. 
Too many now know who she is and how the system works, and the FBI and others will find overwhelming evidence of criminal wrong-doing on Hillary now(yes, even with Podesta’s DOJ friend in charge of it). The woman would likely be impeached within months of being in office, which if this occurred, could even bring about a Constitutional crisis. The fallout of this would tarnish the brand of the Democratic party beyond recognition. 
Bill Mitchell, a pro-Trump pollster and commentator on Twitter(whom I recommend you follow @ mitchellvii ) has some thoughts on the matter which are close to my own. It is highly possible that Democrat leadership has largely decided that Trump winning would be a “lesser evil” for them, than a POTUS Hillary. If Hillary is entangled in this situation for most of her first term, the fallout from Obama, followed by a criminal like her would be the “One-two” punch that their party wouldn’t recover from. 
It could very well be that they believe Trump will be ineffective as POTUS, or could be rendered such by skillful opposition. In their minds, under a one-term, lame-duck Trump Presidency, with few promises being met to his constituency, and a worsening economy, their party would be set to counter-attack with a stronger candidate in 2020. 
Not only would this put them on better footing to blame a candidate from the GOP side, for the mess the country is in, but it could actually save their party and their brand. It is highly likely many are considering “cutting their losses”, and settling for stopping President Trump in 4 years’ time. 
Remember, VP Joe Biden himself, went from saying he’d “like to fight Trump behind the woodshed”, to actually saying he’d work with a President Trump if he wins. 
Huge change in tone, folks. These people see the writing on the wall… 
Conclusion 
Election 2016 has been absolutely incredible: the constant Assange whistle-blowing on DC corruption, the oppo dumps, the truth-telling about Hillary’s crimes, the candidates themselves, the enormous poll swings, the under-cover stings from O’Keefe, etc…. 
Nothing has ever been seen like it. 
Let’s face it brothers: if this election was a movie, no one would believe it! Too many twists and turns! 
At this point however, there are signs that much of the Democratic leadership near the top may have decided that a Hillary Presidency may tarnish their brand too badly. They wrongly believe that a Trump administration could be effectively opposed, and put them on solid footing for a 2020 White House bid. They believe they could survive a Trump Presidency better than a Hillary one, at this point. 
Democratic (and even Republican) opposition have emptied every clip at anti-fragile Donald since he announced his Presidential bid, but it now appears though, that the Democratic opposition has run out of ammo! 
Now they’re throwing their empty guns at him for the last 7 days, hoping for a miracle! 
This man, who Donald Trump has come out of nowhere, has wrecked the criminal Bush family, and is now inches away from wrecking the criminal Clintons as well. Forever. 
He’s done it while being pummeled by the MSM, and backstabbing traitors within his own party. He’s stalked and hunted them all relentlessly, and has turned the majority of the people against them, and against globalism…in just 18 short months. 
None have been able to stop him. It has been one of the most remarkable things I’ve ever witnessed, and gives me great hope that our foes, these globalist banksters, technocrats, International Zionists, and every foe of the West, is much weaker than we ever thought possible. 
Just think: 
If CANDIDATE Trump has been able to do all this in just 18 months, what kind of utter, nightmarish carnage could PRESIDENT Trump bring down upon neo-liberal globalism? 
I believe we’re all about to find that out!",0
10498,"As Canada Moves to Legalize Marijuana, Shop Owners Ask: Why Wait? - The New York Times","VANCOUVER, British Columbia  —   The Cannabis Culture Lounge has everything a pothead might need to feel right at home: $3 marijuana buds, bongs for rent, bags of Skittles and Doritos for sale, and black leather couches where customers can recline in   contemplation in a pungent haze. Never mind that it is all technically prohibited by Canadian law. Still, some enthusiasts have higher hopes for the business, which opened more than a decade ago as a kind of speakeasy for marijuana smoking  —   long tolerated by the city’s authorities. The lounge began selling marijuana after Justin Trudeau was elected prime minister in November. “This is what recreational marijuana legalization in Canada looks like,” said Jodie Emery, an activist and the   of the lounge and several medical marijuana dispensaries across Canada. Mr. Trudeau has promised to make recreational marijuana legal in Canada as soon as next year, bypassing the nation’s strict medical marijuana regulations. Under the latest rules for medical use, announced last week, patients must be registered, have a prescription and obtain their supplies only by mail from a   producer or by growing a limited amount privately. Impatient to test the shifting political boundaries, entrepreneurs have opened hundreds of illicit dispensaries across Canada, selling products like organic marijuana buds and potent cannabis concentrates, while local governments and the police have tended to look the other way. The marijuana boom they hope for has yet to materialize, though the Canadian government is now doing preliminary work on a measure to govern recreational use. Even so, the authorities in some cities have begun to crack down, raiding scores of the illegal dispensaries and arresting dozens of owners and workers. And a lobbying battle is raging between the new entrepreneurs and the licensed medical marijuana producers, who were the only ones allowed to grow and provide the plant under the old regulations. One side complains about being shut out by a politically connected cartel, while the other complains about unfair and damaging competition from those who are breaking the law. The collision of money, politics and policing has made recreational marijuana a major test for Mr. Trudeau. How he solves it will be watched closely in Canada and the United States, where federal law bans marijuana but state laws are inconsistent. “Canada is looking to hit a home run, rather than singles and doubles,” said Allen St. Pierre, the executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, based in the United States. “What Mr. Trudeau is trying to do is something we can only dream about here. ” But it will not come quickly. A task force will take a few months to gather comments from local officials and the public before the Canadian Parliament starts to draft a measure. “It’s a long process, and we’re hard at it,” said Bill Blair, a Liberal Party lawmaker and former Toronto police chief whom Mr. Trudeau has put in charge of the marijuana effort. Mr. Blair said in an interview that the government’s top priorities were to keep marijuana away from minors and the profits out of the hands of organized crime. That may point to a system similar to the way liquor is sold in some Canadian provinces and American states: strictly through   or licensed stores. Some cities in British Columbia are unwilling to wait for Ottawa, though, and are introducing their own marijuana policies in defiance of federal law. The province has been a center of marijuana growing and culture for decades, and it borders Washington State, where recreational marijuana is legal  —   and extremely profitable. In Victoria, the provincial capital, where more than 30 dispensaries have opened in recent years, city leaders proposed new regulations in late July that would allow such businesses to operate if they abide by certain restrictions. Victoria is following Vancouver, which has begun issuing licenses to some of the 120 or so marijuana shops in the city, provided they comply with rules, like being at least 1, 000 feet away from the nearest school. Two licenses were granted in the spring, and at least 11 more are in the pipeline, officials said. Dispensaries that do not obtain a license will be shut down, according to Kerry Jang, a Vancouver city councilor. Mr. Jang dismissed complaints that the regulations and fees  —   up to 30, 000 Canadian dollars, or about $23, 000, for a license, and    fines for violations  —   were too onerous. “They got used to making money hand over fist with very little oversight,” he said. Krystian Wetulani, 32, who owns three shops, said he felt he was stuck in red tape. Only one of his shops has been approved, and he is appealing a denial for another. Fines are mounting while he seeks locations that will conform to regulations. “It’s impossible,” Mr. Wetulani said. “Landlords hear the word ‘weed’ and just say no. ” In the Downtown Eastside, a gritty Vancouver neighborhood, a crowd of people were smoking crack and shooting heroin on the sidewalk outside Farm, a dispensary with a     mission. It employs only women, many of them immigrants, former prostitutes or victims of sexual assault, and its proceeds help finance neighborhood programs like needle collection and a community garden. The city tolerates open use of illegal drugs in the neighborhood and a local   site for heroin users, but Farm still fell afoul of the distance restrictions in the new marijuana regulations, and had to win an appeal to stay open. Wang Jingzhi, 83, an immigrant who lives in the nearby Chinatown neighborhood, said she frequently bought marijuana from Farm to soothe the aches and pains of old age. “Whenever I smoke it, my whole body feels better,” she said in Chinese. Like many in the local marijuana business, Cait Hurley, 28, the dispensary’s manager, said she was worried that new government regulations would favor corporate interests and exclude women and the working class. “There’s a lot of fear this will all be taken away from us,” she said. Under Mr. Trudeau’s conservative predecessor, Stephen Harper, the government stripped patients of the right to grow their own medical marijuana in 2013, and centralized production and distribution through a few licensed companies. But in February, a federal court reinstated patients’ growing rights the new rules announced on Aug. 11 put that ruling into effect. Facing greater competition, the 34   producers are calling for everyone to be held to the same rules they must follow, said Colette Rivet, the executive director of a producers’ trade association, Cannabis Canada. “We would be shut down if we tried to sell to dispensaries,” Ms. Rivet said. Some critics of Mr. Trudeau’s legalization efforts see a conflict of interest in the close ties between political insiders shaping marijuana policy and the licensed producers. The head of the task force, A. Anne McLellan, is a former cabinet minister who advises a  law firm that represents clients in the industry, and Chuck Rifici, a founder of one of the licensed producers, was the volunteer treasurer of Mr. Trudeau’s Liberal Party until June. Mr. Rifici said he had no personal or political connection to the government’s legalization process, but he acknowledged that the licensed companies “typically pull in people who know how to navigate government. ” While lawmakers design new legalization policies,   entrepreneurs like Ivan Miliovski say they feel caught in the middle. Mr. Miliovski said his company, Vodis Pharmaceuticals, had spent years and millions of dollars seeking a license to produce medical marijuana under the existing regulations. His entire business plan is now in doubt. “We don’t know what’s going to happen,” Mr. Miliovski said. “The fear is that it won’t help all the people who have struggled and advocated and pushed to make this industry legitimate. ”",0
10499,The Loosening Grip,"Stamptastic / Shutterstock.com 
Oh good. The world reaches a crossroads, or probably a road off a cliff, just when I want to relax and watch gratuitous violence on the tube. To judge by the rapid drift of events aboard our planetary asylum, the talons of Washington and New York on the world’s throat are fast being pried a-loose. The Global American Imperium is dying. Or so it sure looks anyway. 
I say talons of “New York and Washington” because America’s foreign policy, forged in those two cities, belongs entirely to them. Americans have no influence on it. Further, none of what the Empire does abroad is of any benefit to Americans. Do you care at all what happens in Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen, or the South China Sea? Do you want to pay for it? America has been hijacked. 
And the Empire prospereth not. It prospereth very not. Consider the recent record of the world’s hyperpower: 
Washington does not have control of Afghanistan, and obviously is not going to. 
Washington does not have control of Iraq, and appears unlikely to. 
Washington did not back Iran down, and isn’t going to. 
Washington did not back Russia down in Ukraine and Crimea, and isn’t going to. 
Washington did not back China down in the South China Sea and, while this is perhaps not over, the Empire seems to be losing. 
Washington has not backed North Korea down and is not going to. 
In the Philippines, President Duterte has told Obama to “go to hell” as being “the son of a whore,” which may be taken to indicate latent hostility. He is vigorously seeking rapprochement with China. While Washington may have him murdered, it seems to be losing control of the Little Vassals of ASEAN. 
Turkey seems to be cuddling up to Russia–that is, looking East like Duterte. Maybe Washington can turn this around temporarily, but there’s a whole lot of wavering going on. 
Meanwhile Washington thrashes around impotently as per usual in Syria, and, though the jury remains out on this one, looks to have poor prospects. If Washington–AKA New York–loses here, after doing so in Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Afghanistan, the Empire will beyond redemption be on the downward slope. 
The United States is not in danger. The Empire is. This is not good. Empires, the Soviet Union notwithstanding, seldom go quietly. Either Washington gambles on war of some sort against Russia, or Russia and China, in the desperate hope of reversing things, or the Empire gets slowly eaten. Or not so slowly. Once one country pries itself loose, many may rush for the door. 
New York may go for calculated war against Russia–say, cyberwar expected not to turn into shooting war, shooting war in Syria not expected to turn into global shooting war, global shooting war not expected to turn into nuclear war. This will be a crapshoot. Note that America has badly misguessed the outcomes of every war since Korea. 
This is why the American election actually matters, unusual in Presidential contests. It is Blowhard against Corruption, a swell choice, but Trump is firmly against war with Russia, and Hillary for. Her military understanding is that of a fried egg. 
The woman is both a fool and a knave but, it seems, Trump has talked trash, and therefore she will likely be President. Weirdly, the future of the world depends on how an excited electorate of political middle-schoolers responds to one candidate’s dirty talk. From a curmudgeon’s point of view, it is pretty funny. It is funnier if one lives outside of the radiation footprint. 
But back to business. The seaboard Axis of Evil needs a war because almost every tide runs against it. Proximately, the Axis has pushed China, Russia, and Iran together against the Empire. (First rule of empire: Do not let the dissidents unite.) Many signs suggest that the world, or much of it, is beginning to see China as its future. The BRICS, the SCO, the NDB, the AAIB–all exclude the US. China becomes the major trading partner of country after country. The twilight deepens. 
Not all goes wrong for the Empire–not yet, but things are getting spooky. On the European Peninsula of Asia, countries remain docile, especially England and, much more importantly, Germany. Yet even among Washington’s European harem, there seem to be faint stirrings of a forgotten independence. As I understand it, Germany’s businessmen would very much like to end Washington’s sanctions on Russia and improve trade with China, which would be greatly to the benefit of the Peninsula. Washington won’t let them. It can’t. If the Europeans did what would be good for themselves, and looked to Eurasia, then the fat lady, already warming up, would burst into full bellow. 
Which, methinks, raises the likelihood that Washington will in desperation do something phenomenally stupid. At this writing Hillary’s camp seems to be prepping the public for war with Russia. The telescreen tells us day after day that Putin is Hitler, that Russia is expanding, that the Russkies are hacking the election, that they cause indigestion and falling hair. Is this just Hillary waggling her codpiece in the expectation that Moscow will demurely back down, as God intended? Or will she again send other people’s children to fight for her in somebody else’s country? 
The larger picture, assuredly obvious to New York, is truly grim–for New York, not for Americans. China has a huge population of a billion Han Chinese, versus two hundred million Caucasian Americans–these being the scientific, technological and entrepreneurial brains of the Empire. One must not notice this, but you can bet that New York and Beijing do. Economically China is growing hugely, advancing technologically at a high rate, building rail lines that now extend from the Chinese Pacific coast to Madrid. It will increasingly dwarf the Empire no matter what happens–short of a world war. 
The curtain falls in ways unnoticed. China recently launched a communications satellite, the world’s first employing quantum cryptographic links, which cannot be intercepted. The intention of this, as well of the QC link from Beijing to Shanghai, is to keep the NSA off China’s back. A small thing, perhaps. Yet if successful and adopted en masse by other countries weary of Washington’s meddling, the result will be a loosening of the Empire’s grip on everybody’s communications. 
For the Empire it is, as Elvis sang, “now or never.” Lenin spoke of “useful idiots.” Ours aren’t even useful, but they call the shots. 
Fred can be reached at jetpossum-readers@yahoo.com. Put the letters pdq in the subject line or your email will be heartlessly autodeleted by a raging spam filter. (Reprinted from Fred on Everything by permission of author or representative)",0
10500,US Airstrike Kills Eight Civilians Near Mosul,"US Promises 'Further Investigation' Into Attack in Fadhiliya by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
On October 22, US warplanes carried out airstrikes against the village of Fadhiliya, a few kilometers away from the city of Mosul. Two of the strikes hit a civilian house within, killing eight civilians from a single family, including three children. 
It is unclear why the report of this airstrike is just coming to light now, over a week later, but it marks the first significant civilian casualties in a US airstrike related to the Mosul invasion. A previous incident the day before, initially reported as a US airstrike against a Shi’ite mosque near Kirkuk, is now being reported as likely an attack by the Iraqi Air Force, and not the US. 
Pentagon officials confirmed conducting a number of airstrikes against Fadhiliya at the time of the civilian deaths, and say they are conducting “further investigation” to determine all the facts related to the attack. Saying the take the allegations seriously. 
As the fighting around Mosul advances into more densely populated areas around the city itself, the concerns are growing that such airstrikes are going to cause a number of civilian casualties. This is doubly true because now Iraq is warning residents of Mosul against fleeing, and the US has announced its intention to carry out airstrikes to prevent “fleeing ISIS” from getting away. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
10501,Crash Near Finish Throws Tour de France Into Chaos - The New York Times,"   France  —   His bike crushed under a motorcycle’s tires, his Tour de France lead in jeopardy and his rivals pedaling away, Chris Froome did the only thing he could think to do: He ran toward the finish line. It was a stunning moment in a modern Tour de France: The holder of the race leader’s yellow jersey suddenly turning into a runner, heading up a mountain pass without his bike. It took an appeal to prevent Froome, a Briton with Team Sky, from losing the race lead. The chaotic string of events began on Thursday when spectators swarmed over the road about one kilometer from the finish of Stage 12’s truncated climb up Mont Ventoux. They forced a television motorbike to stop suddenly at the same time that Richie Porte, an Australian with the American BMC team, attacked Froome. Some reports said the motorcycle hit a spectator who was blocking the road. Porte smashed   into transmission equipment on the back of the motorbike. Bauke Mollema, who was also with Porte and Froome, cartwheeled into the air. Froome hit the ground on the other side of the motorcycle, out of its camera’s sight, with Mollema ending up on top of him. Adding to the confusion, a large police motorcycle then ran over Froome’s Pinarello bicycle, breaking it. Immediately on the scene were mechanics who provide service to riders when their team cars are not nearby. But they were traveling by motorcycle and had only spare wheels to offer. That’s when Froome changed sports. Uncertain about when a team car might arrive with his spare bike, he propped his broken machine against a photographer’s motorcycle and began running. For about 40 agonizing seconds, he chugged along at a remarkably good pace, considering he was wearing shoes with rigid carbon fiber soles and heading up a steep mountain road. Porte, after fiddling with his bike, remounted it and wobbled past Froome, who kept looking backward for salvation. Another group of neutral service mechanics appeared in their yellow station wagon and gave Froome one of the rarely used generic bicycles from its roof. It was too small for Froome. Even worse, he was unable to clip into its pedals, which were not compatible with shoe cleats. One of Froome’s team cars finally arrived, and he changed bikes again. By the time he crossed the line, Froome had lost the yellow jersey, on paper at least, to another British rider, Adam Yates, of the   team. Froome, realizing that was the case, shook his head when he crossed the line. Cycling’s rule book includes a section that prevents riders from incurring a time penalty if they crash or have a mechanical problem within the final three kilometers of a stage, provided that they eventually make it across the finish line. But that does not apply to mountain stages like the one on Thursday. Froome’s team appealed to the race referees, who represent the International Cycling Union, the sport’s governing body, not the Tour organization. They agreed that the unusual circumstance warranted a time adjustment for Froome. “What a finish Ventoux is full of surprises,” Froome told France Télévisions as he thanked the jury of referees and the race organization. “I’m very content. ” Yates, if anything, appeared relieved. “You don’t want to take the yellow jersey like that you want to take it with your legs,” he said. “He’s the rightful holder of the yellow jersey. ” The incident is likely to increase growing concern among riders about the dangers posed by the 70 motorbikes within the race and the behavior of some fans, many of them apparently less than sober. Even after the crash, a man with a handwritten sign supporting the Polish climber Rafal Majka repeatedly blocked a television motorbike as it tried to follow Froome’s run. “If you can’t control the crowds, what can you control?” Porte said. “It’s not really the motorbikes, it’s the crowd. They’re just in your face the whole time, pushing riders, and at the top there, that was just crazy. ” On most days at the Tour, at least in the final kilometer, crowd barriers line the road to the finish line and the police deal severely with fans who try to circumvent them. That was not the case on Thursday because of a decision made the previous night, paradoxically, in the interests of safety. The finish line was moved six kilometers down Mont Ventoux to avoid fearsome winds that were blowing down recreational riders at its   summit. On Thursday, the winds flipped over a tourist’s camping trailer near the top. Christian Prudhomme, the Tour’s director, said wind problems at the revised finish line, on a road in a forested area, prevented crews from putting up the normal number of barriers. He did not offer any apology to the riders when speaking to reporters. While the failure to control the crowd had an obvious cause, motorcycles are a more thorny issue. Some riders have proposed that they be replaced by scooters. But that idea has gone only as far as a single mechanical service scooter. It seems unlikely, however, that scooters could carry the equipment needed for live television transmission or provide adequate speed for the gendarmes who patrol the race route. Almost lost in all the confusion was the day’s racing. For the first time in this Tour, Nairo Quintana, a Colombian with Movistar, who is seen as a top challenger, attacked Froome on the Ventoux climb. But he was unable to cause any grief for Froome, who left Quintana behind in the closing moments of the stage. But up to the point of the crash, Froome had been unable to shake Porte, who previously rode for Sky and was Froome’s key assistant in the mountains. Ahead of the chaos and the impromptu running competition, the stage was won by Thomas De Gendt, a Belgian with Lotto Soudal, who outdistanced another Belgian, Serge Pauwels, of the Dimension Data team. Afterward, they said that they struggled to make it through the crowd that set off the chain reaction that brought down Froome, Porte and Mollema. Neither De Gendt nor Pauwels is a likely threat to win the overall title. On Friday, the riders will contest the Tour’s first time trial, in which they individually race against the clock. The event is one of Froome’s specialties.",0
10502,Liberalism Past: the Secret Murder of Postmodernism,"by Outis Philalithopoulos By Outis Philalithopoulos, who met an untimely end five years ago, and now “wears the chains he forged in life” as an economist. In the previous episode of this series , the ghost Outis was guided by the Spirit of Liberalism Past to 1996, where a younger Outis had gone to hear a popular liberal speaker. Afterward, his girlfriend Corinne was eager to catch a talk by a postmodern scholar she held in high esteem; eventually, Outis agreed to come along. The speaker was a critical theory/political science professor named Wendy Brown, and she was presenting themes from her recent book, States of Injury . I tried to keep from glancing over at where Corinne and the young Outis were sitting. But my mind kept wandering, and Brown’s style hardly aided my efforts to stay focused on her lecture. The first ten minutes of her talk were spent explaining why her book had notbeen written, the boundaries it would not respect, how not only the first description she gave of her book but also the second were “disingenuous,” with such a cascade of negations that her prefatory remarks alone contained 2 no ’s, 2 neither ’s, 9 not ’s, and 6 nor ’s. To me, it all started to seem hazy, but my ghostly companion must have been enjoying himself. A person listening to Brown might have imagined that human thought was one colossal debate between Marx, Nietzsche, and Foucault, with Max Weber and Jean Baudrillard in supporting roles. Meanwhile, the unappeased menace of Catharine McKinnon lurked on the horizon. But then, something in what Brown was saying started to sound familiar: Postmodern power is often characterized as decentered and diffuse even while it incessantly violates, transgresses, and resituates social boundaries; it […] irrigates through networks rather than consolidating in bosses and kings […] We are today very susceptible to simply getting lost […] insofar as being lost means being without (fixed) means of orientation […] Brown was describing a disorienting world without clear standards of truth. But did she mean that the world was naturally like this, as Foucault seemed to believe, or did she see this “postmodern condition” as something the system had inflicted upon everyone, upon Allan Bloom as well as upon Al Franken? In our efforts to “cope” with our “lost” condition in postmodernity, Brown explained that one strategy was fundamentalism, or “reactionary foundationalism.” Quoting Feher and Heller, Postmodern Political Condition : fundamentalists select one aspect of the dogma, one “text of foundation” with regard to which they declare all attempts at hermeneutics politically subversive. That did sound like the fundamentalists I’d seen on TV. “What’s hermeneutics?” I whispered to Foucault. “Interpretation,” he whispered back. Brown had more to say about fundamentalism. Reactionary foundationalism is not limited to the political or intellectual Right, but emerges across the political spectrum from those hostile to what they take to be postmodern politcal decay and intellectual disarray. What? Apparently others were startled as well, because she immediately followed up on her point. When these precepts “without which we cannot survive” issue from the intellectual or political Right, they are easy enough to identify as both reactionary and fundamentalist. It is fairly clear what they oppose and seek to foreclose: inter alia , democratic conversation about our collective condition and future. But when they issue from feminists or others on the “Left,” they are more slippery, especially insofar as they are posed in the name of caring about political things, caring about “ actual women” or about womens’s “ actual condition in the world” […] So: the Right is trying to stop us from thinking democratically about the future, and the Left cares about real problems and real women – so why is it a problem that we believe that we are right? I want to suggest that much North Atlantic feminism partakes deeply of […] ressentiment and that this constitutes a good deal of our nervousness about moving toward an analysis as thoroughly Nietzschean in its wariness about truth as postfoundational political theory must be. Whoa, whoa, whoa. How are we swimming in ressentiment ? Doesn’t she mean right wingers ? Why should our analysis be thoroughly Nietzschean? Why should it be “wary” about the truth? Why feminists? What [is it about] identity’s desire for recognition that seem[s] often to breed a politics of recrimination and rancor, of culturally dispersed paralysis and suffering […]? I found Brown hard to understand. And the things I did understand, I wasn’t sure I liked. She closed by saying that the Left should give up substituting Truth and Morality for politics. Are we willing to engage in struggle rather than recrimination, to develop our faculties rather than revenge our subordination with moral and epistemological gestures, to fight for a world rather than conduct process on the existing one? The audience began to applaud, who knows with how much sincerity. I was annoyed, and I knew one person who I was pretty sure had understood the talk better than I had. “Michel,” I said urgently. He turned to me. “There are two things I don’t understand. First, Brown criticizes the Left for believing in myths like “truth is always on the side of the damned and excluded,” and “truth is clean of power and always positioned to reproach power,” and advocates instead “living and working without such myths, without insisting that our truths are less partial and more moral than theirs.” “Yes,” Foucault agreed. “But isn’t she insisting precisely that her postmodern, Nietzschean ideas about politics and rhetoric are less mythical, more true than those of the less reflective people she criticizes?” “Ah,” he said. “I understand. And your other question?” “When she says we need to do all these things, give up on ressentiment , make our analysis more Nietzschean, stop talking about absolute truth – why should we? Once you and she demonstrate to everyone that morality and truth are inseparable from power, and people merely engage in ‘wars of position’ and ‘amoral contests about the just and good’ – why would anyone bother to use postmodernist rhetoric?” “Well…” he began. I cut him off, with some heat. “Why wouldn’t they just continue to talk about morality and truth the way they do now? If all that matters is winning, and morality and truth help one side to win, then according to you , why care if they are myths?” “Right,” Foucault said, his eyes sparkling. “About those two questions…” He was not alarmed by my questions in the least, and I feel sure he would have addressed my doubts. But I stopped paying attention to him as Corinne and the young Outis walked toward me. The moment I had been dreading had come. Corinne’s eyes were shining. “Did you see what she was saying? Wasn’t it brilliant? And she’s so courageous, willing to criticize even Left political movements that she identifies with…” Outis looked reluctant to disappoint her. “She’s definitely very intelligent… It’s just that…” Corinne froze. “What?” she said in a suddenly much more subdued voice. He seemed to be gathering his courage. “It’s just that I don’t see why it has to be so complicated. Why can’t she just say what we ought to do?” Corinne retorted, “But don’t you see – that’s the problem. Smart people have always been trying to tell people what is true and what to think. It’s a form of power. And she doesn’t want to fall into that trap.” “Right,” Outis said, “but it feels like she sees the whole world as ringed by traps, so that everything a person could possibly say might somehow be wrong.” “But Outis,” Corinne said, “lots of things people say really are problematic. Lots of times their wording shows habits of thought that are precisely the ones we can recognize as having underpinned horrible things like colonialism.” “Does that mean we’re all going to have to talk like her ?” Outis muttered. “What do you mean, like her ? What’s so bad about the way she talks?” “It’s like she believes we’re all under surveillance by a Great and Powerful Monster. And so she has to speak in code so that that neither the Monster nor anyone else will be able to prove that she’s opposing it.” “You’re making it sound completely childish!” Corinne said with indignation. “Well, maybe it is!” Outis said, his voice rising. I turned to the Spirit in anguish. “Leave me!” I cried. “Take me back, haunt me no longer!” He looked at me with surprising gentleness in his eyes. “There are two shadows more,” he said, “that you must see; and yet, a respite will give you space to consider the points of fixity, of immobilization, in your position, so you can begin to see them as elements in a strategy…” And with these words, he and everything else vanished, and I found myself alone in the abyssal vale. There were things then that I did not wish to remember, and I forced my mind onto other topics. “Postmodernism,” I repeated darkly to myself. Even the word sounds pretentious. What does it mean, anyway? It seemed to be in opposition to “modernism,” which in turn meant how people in the early twentieth century often believed that humanity could work toward absolute truth, and that current Western society represented the culmination of historical progress. For reasons Brown seemed to think were obvious, modernism was not good, and so it had been replaced by the “postmodernism” that had bestrode the academic world like a colossus. Postmodernist irony, cultural relativism, skepticism about objective truth – in various guises, these could be seen not only in Foucault and Brown, but also in Franken, and echoes of it were present in Bloom’s critique. So who killed it? And why was its death a secret? If the most brilliant liberals of the 1990s had been convinced that all attempts to establish absolute truth were fundamentally flawed and problematic, how had we solved the problem and successfully created a set of fixed reference points for orienting ourselves? Had we, paraphrasing Feher and Heller, chosen a dogma and “declared all attempts at interpreting it critically to be subversive”? * * * In the next episode, Outis moves closer to the present, and watches as the outlines of modern progressivism become more discernible. Sources: Wendy Brown’s book is online here . 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
10503,"Syrian Mother: Islamic State Baked Christians, ‘Kneaded’ Children in Bakery Machines","Breitbart October 26, 2016 
A Syrian Christian mother shared her story of escaping the Islamic State terrorist group in a suburb of Damascus while losing her son, George, after he refused to identify himself to the terrorists by a Muslim name. 
The woman, Alice Assaf, said that she had heard that her son, who was beaten and shot to death, was spared a much worse fate: being baked in the ovens of the local bakery or “kneaded” to death in the bakery’s industrial-sized mixer. 
Assaf told her story to Roads of Success , a human rights NGO with a focus on the rights of women and Christians in the Middle East. The group has provided testimony of the plight of Christians and Yazidis persecuted by the Islamic State to the House Foreign Relations Committee and regularly publishes video interviews with ISIS attack survivors. 
The Christian Post picked up the story and video interview, in which Assaf narrates the final days of her 18-year-old’s life. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:30 am Share this article",0
10504,Not Guilty! Prosecutors Stunned — 7 Defendants in Oregon Standoff Trial Acquitted,"Email 
An Oregon jury delivered a stunning blow to federal prosecutors Thursday, acquitting seven principal defendants in the five-week long trial of participants in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge that riveted national attention on southeastern Oregon earlier this year. 
The jury acquitted brothers Amman and Ryan Bundy, the most high-profile of the occupation participants, along with five of their co-defendants, of charges of conspiring to use “force, intimidation, and threats” to prevent federal employees from working at the refuge. They were also charged with possessing a firearm in a federal facility with the intent that it “be used in the commission of a crime.” Also acquitted were: Shawna Cox, Kenneth Medenbach, Jeff Banta, David Fry and Neil Wampler (shown). 
The 41-day occupation of the wildlife refuge was launched in protest over the prosecution (and persecution) by federal authorities of Harney County ranchers Dwight Hammond, Jr. and Steven Hammond , who were charged with arson and received harsh prison sentences for setting controlled burns on their own range that got out of control, and did minor damage to small plots of federal land. As we have reported previously, federal agencies such as the Bureau of Land Management, the U.S. Forest Service, and the National Park Service regularly burn up huge tracts of “public land” — as well as private homes, farms, ranches, and businesses — with virtually no legal consequences. The hypocrisy, injustice, and viciousness of the federal prosecution of the Hammonds, a respected ranching family, played strongly with the many supporters — both local and from across the country — who flocked to their defense. 
Although there was plenty of photographic, video, and eye-witness evidence that many, if not most, of the participants in wildlife refuge were indeed armed, the jury noted that the prosecution had failed to prove “intent.” In an e-mail to the Oregonian/Oregon Live , one of the jurors, known only as Juror 4, stated that the defense lawyers' arguments, coupled with the jury instructions on how to apply the law to the evidence, resonated with the jury. The juror also suggested that the arrogance of the federal prosecutors offended members of the jury. ""Inference, while possibly compelling, proved to be insulting or inadequate to 12 diversely situated people as a means to convict,'' Juror 4 wrote. ""The air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of us, nor was it warranted given their burden of proof.” 
A melee of sorts broke out in the courtroom after the jury verdicts were read, resulting in Ammon Bundy’s attorney, Marcus Mumford being tasered and taken down by several U.S. Marshalls. The courtroom drama began, reportedly, when Mumford protested U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown’s order that Ammon and Ryan Bundy remain in custody. Mumford approached the bench and argued that his client should be allowed to leave the courtroom a free man, along with the other acquitted defendants, unless he was presented with papers providing the authority to place Bundy in custody. As the noise and commotion escalated, Judge Brown ordered, “Everybody out of the courtroom!” Mr. Mumford was briefly detained and then joined the celebrating defendants and their supporters on the courthouse steps. He said he was ""very pleased, very gratified,” by the verdicts. “This jury was dedicated,” he said. “They listened to our case.” 
""I had a very peaceful feeling but I didn't know we'd all be found not guilty,"" said defendant Shawna Cox. ""I'm so grateful to the jury.'' 
Defendant Neil Wampler told reporters, ""It's a tremendous victory for rural America.'' 
U.S Attorney Billy Williams, who was in charge of the prosecution, was obviously disappointed. ""While we had hoped for a different outcome, we respect the verdict of the jury and thank them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial,'' Williams said. ""We strongly believed that this case needed to be brought before a Court, publicly tried and decided by a jury.'' 
Not surprisingly, Williams disappointment was shared by activists on the Left. The Oregonian/OregonLive quoted Jennifer Rokala, executive director of the Colorado-based Center for Western Priorities (CWP), one of the anti-ranching Big Green attack groups. ""We are deeply disappointed in today's verdict, which puts our park rangers and scientists at further risk just for doing their jobs. The outcome of today's trial will undoubtedly embolden extremist groups,'' Rokala said. ""It's imperative that local, state, and federal law enforcement ensure the safety of our land managers.'' 
However, Rokala and her faux environmentalist colleagues at CWP, are likely more concerned with expanding federal control over lands in the western states than with any real danger to “rangers and scientists” posed by “extremists” such as the Bundys. Rokala’s Center for Western Priorities is part of an immense network of Astroturf “environmental” organizations fronting for Big Business/Big Foundation globalists, and retailing the smears of the radical Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). 
Echoing the CWP’s Rokala, the Washington Post used the verdict to cite so-called “experts” about the rise of “rightwing extremists.” Citing the subversive and discredited SPLC the Post reported: Experts say right-wing extremists were emboldened by the outcome of that standoff. The Southern Poverty Law Center issued a report stating that the Bundy ranch standoff “invigorated an extremist movement” across the country. 
The only violence or shooting that came out of the occupation was initiated by federal and state authorities when, on January 26 of this year, they shot to death rancher LaVoy Finicum , in a highway ambush they euphemistically called a “traffic stop.” 
The Bundy brothers and their father, Cliven Bundy, are still slated to stand trial on federal charges related to the 2014 standoff with federal authorities at their Nevada ranch . 
And another seven Malheur Wildlife Refuge defendants are scheduled to go on trial in Oregon in February. However, it is difficult to see how federal prosecutors intend to get a conviction on these lesser occupation participants, some of whom were merely visiting supporters, if they couldn’t get a jury to convict the “ringleaders.” Photo of defendant Neil Wampler being greeted by supporters after acquittal: AP Images 
Related stories :",0
10505,Twitter Reverses Anti-Abuse Feature Following Complaints of More Abuse - Breitbart,"Twitter has reversed one of its new   features following complaints that it encouraged even more abuse on the platform. [After Twitter announced on Monday that a new   feature would stop notifying users when they’d been added to a list, several complaints started to immediately gain traction.  We want you to get notifications that matter. Starting today, you won’t get notified when you are added to a list. https:  .   —   Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017,  “Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter,” complained one user. @TwitterSafety Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter.  —   Anthony Quintano 🌴 (@AnthonyQuintano) February 13, 2017,  “This isn’t a good move. Please reconsider,” added another. @TwitterSafety @Support @mrdonut @peterseibel This isn’t a good move. Please reconsider.  —   EricaJoy (@EricaJoy) February 13, 2017,  “Yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform,” another user proclaimed, while one verified account simply added: “you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job. ” @SwiftOnSecurity @TwitterSafety @Support yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform cc @jack,  —   jake (@jakebeckman) February 13, 2017,  @TwitterSafety you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job.  —   Carli Velocci (@velocciraptor) February 13, 2017,  @TwitterSafety @Support Man, I was having hope y’all would make one smart move to start 2017. Come on.  —   Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) February 13, 2017,  @TwitterSafety lol you are so fucking bad at this,  —   Lev Novak (@LevNovak) February 13, 2017,  @TwitterSafety how boneheaded.  —   Stephen Toulouse (@Stepto) February 13, 2017,  Following complaints, Twitter quickly reversed their decision, announcing, “We heard your feedback  —   this was a misstep. We’re rolling back the change and we’ll keep listening,” just hours later. We heard your feedback  —   this was a misstep. We’re rolling back the change and we’ll keep listening. https:  .   —   Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017,  Twitter first announced their new wave of   features in a blog post last week. The changes reportedly include extra measures to stop suspended users from creating new accounts, “safer search results,” and the collapsing of “potentially abusive or   Tweets. ” “In the days and weeks ahead, we will continue to roll out product changes  —   some changes will be visible and some less so  —   and will update you on progress every step of the way,” declared Twitter in their post. “With every change, we’ll learn, iterate, and continue to move at this speed until we’ve made a significant impact that people can feel. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
10506,"Kiev Nazi commander admits 10,000 Ukrainians could be war criminals","November 17, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  PolitNavigator - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


Petro Poroshenko’s regime has initiated criminal proceedings in which figure around 10,000 participants of the so-called Anti-Terrorist Operation in Donbass. This was stated on the sidelines of the Verkhovna Rada by the former head of the Donbass Nationalist Battalion and PM, Semen Semenchenko. 
According to Semenchenko, “volunteers” have come under criminal proceedings insofar as they do not have the right to bear arms and use them in Donbass, since martial law has not been instituted in the country. Now all such “volunteers” could theoretically be declared war criminals. 
Semenchenko stated:  

“Those volunteers whose situation is discussed every day from the parliamentary podium are currently under threat. More than 10,000 criminal cases have been initiated for various reasons. Noncompliance with the law on defense, the fact that martial law has not been imposed and, accordingly, part of the functions carried out by servicemen are now de jure a crime. For example, in 2014, the National Guard of Ukraine added, so to say, more than 10,000 reservists to the ATO. These servicemen did not have the rights of National Guardsmen, did not have the right to bear arms, and did not have the right to participate in the war - they did not have the right to kill people and be killed. Now more than thousands of people could at any moment be charged as criminals if the government or political situation changes.”  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
10507,Masoud Barzani Pledges That Kurdish Forces Won’t Enter Mosul,"Masoud Barzani Pledges That Kurdish Forces Won’t Enter Mosul Posted on Oct 29, 2016 
By Juan Cole / Informed Comment 
Masoud Barzani, the president of the Kurdistan Regional Government (a super-province of Iraq) said Thursday that the KRG paramilitary, the Peshmerga, will not enter Mosul. 
He also remarked that last week’s Daesh attack on Kirkuk was an attempt to divert attention from the terrorist organization’s failures in Mosul. 
At a news conference in Ninewah Province with Ammar al-Hakim, leader of the National Coalition (and of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, a Shiite clerically led party), Barzani said, “Peshmerga forces will not enter the city. The counter-terrorism brigades will be the ones who go in . . .” He was referring to the Iraqi army special forces, 3 brigades under the Iraqi Counter Terrorism Service, which are crack troops who have been at the forefront of the liberation of Iraqi cities from Daesh (ISIS, ISIL). 
Barzani presumably made this announcement to assuage fears of Iraqi Arabs that the KRG would take advantage of the campaign against Daesh to annex Mosul or parts of Mosul to Iraqi Kurdistan, as they annexed Kirkuk province in 2014. It is significant that he said this in the presence of al-Hakim, an important Shiite clerical and political leader who is supporting the government of prime minister Haydar al-Abadi. Barzani is underlining that the Mosul campaign is national and not ethno-sectarian. 
Meanwhile, Central Command head, Gen. Joseph Vitel, estimated that in the week and a half of the Mosul campaign, some 900 Daesh fighters have already been killed. There were only an estimated 3500 to 5000 fighters in Mosul when the campaign began, with another 2000 in positions around the city. Presumably most of those killed belong to the latter group, meaning that the outskirts now have as few as 1100 fighters. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Vitel admitted that because the Iraqi army left the western gate of the city open and did not completely encircle Mosul, small bands of Daesh fighters were slipping out of the city in civilian clothing. Letting them escape, he suggested, was preferable to having to fight them all hand-to-hand in Mosul’s back alleys. Moreover, civilians can escape by the same route, and some 10,000 have already fled. 
Hundreds of thousands of civilians could be displaced by the campaign, in a city of about 1 million (half its size before it fell to Daesh in 2014). TAGS:",0
10508,Podesta's brother Tony is a foreign agent for Saudi Arabia,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 16:06 UTC © podesta.com Because there's no job like being an agent for a country that kills Christians, gays, critics of the government, treats women like dirt, massacres thousands of foreigners, and funds terrorists. Good job, Tony! Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest . According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the ""Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court,"" and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. For starters, the Podesta brothers' lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government , which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton's chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress ( which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia's hopelessly tarnished image ), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton's campaign. Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton's campaign. Think about that for a moment. One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta's lobbying efforts ""raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund."" ""The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for 'insulting Islam,'"" Alternet reported . ""Since then, Tony Podesta's fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia's advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution."" Comment: Think about that for a moment. Notably, the Saudis' reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. Additionally, Tony Podesta's status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks' publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: ""Hi all - we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. ""I do want to push back a bit (it's my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)... and how do we explain to people that we'll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won't. Either way, we need to make a decision soon."" To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], ""Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can't give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama."" As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign's image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, ""Where do we draw the line though?"" Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: ""If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary's time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation . In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary's past campaigns specifically. ""Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. ""As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this - we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I'm just offering this up as a middle ground."" Mook eventually decides plainly, ""Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don't really get you anything...that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So...in a complete U-turn, I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks . Are you guys ok with that?"" All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. Tony Podesta's specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year's end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine . ""Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,"" Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . ""That spans both what you'd call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying."" That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. The system isn't rigged — it's performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Comment: More from the Podesta front:",0
10510,Taking Back Presidential Power,"Email 
Every four years, Americans are treated to a tawdry, months-long spectacle pitting two typically (but not always) establishment-anointed candidates against one another for the ultimate prize: a four-year stint as the “most powerful person on Earth.” That, at least, is the establishment media’s term for the president of the United States. And it would have appalled the Founding Fathers and framers of the Constitution, who never intended to create in the office of the U.S. presidency a magistracy far more powerful than the English monarchy they had only recently shaken off. 
But the de facto reality of modern America is that the executive branch of the U.S. government has usurped an enormous portion of government powers reserved by the Constitution in its original form to other branches of the federal government or to state governments. The president, for example, now sends U.S. troops into war at his personal whim, completely ignoring the constitutional stipulation that Congress issue a declaration of war first. A huge percentage of federal laws that control virtually every activity are issued in the form of federal regulations — which are created not by the legislative but by the executive branch of government, under the direction of the president. 
The president also wields tremendous power with his authority to nominate Supreme Court justices — since the Supreme Court is regarded as a body whose decisions cannot be appealed or overturned. Presidents from FDR to the present have tried to customize the court to their preferred ideology, and the court has responded by issuing a range of unpopular decisions, from abortion on demand to the recent vindication of ObamaCare, that have left ordinary Americans frustrated and angry. By all accounts, the will of the people is systematically ignored by Washington, and there appears to be nothing that can change this state of affairs. This is the reason that every presidential race has become the ultimate high-stakes battle of partisan wills; the winner — and his party — will wield enormous de facto (if not de jure) power over the affairs of the nation and the world, and has the ability, via Supreme Court appointments, executive orders, involvement in foreign wars, regulations, and many other powers now accorded to him, to shape the destiny of the nation decades after his term in office ends. 
In recent decades, most of the power in government has migrated from Congress — the only part of the government truly elected by the people — to the two unelected branches of government, the executive branch and the Supreme Court. In particular, the power to legislate has largely been usurped by the executive branch via a noxious system of federal regulatory agencies staffed by unelected bureaucrats wielding enormous, unaccountable power, and by an unelected Supreme Court that does not hesitate to legislate from the bench. The sheer volume and scope of federal regulations promulgated every year far surpasses the number of laws passed by Congress. 
In its original form, things were far different. The Founders intended Congress to be the most powerful branch of government, with the Senate representing the interests of the states and the House of Representatives those of the people. The president was largely a caretaker. Bereft of any “bully pulpit,” “big stick,” or other tools of modern American autocracy, he largely acted under the direction of Congress, which, in turn, carried out the will of the people and of the state legislatures. The executive branch as a whole was primarily concerned with foreign affairs and with adjudicating disputes between the states. Few Americans prior to the early 20th century had any contact with the federal government other than at the post office, and many would not have recognized the president had they passed him on the street. 
Today, of course, the U.S. president is the superstar of superstars, an elected Caesar who controls the destinies of billions, thanks to his ascendency over the U.S. military and economy. Small wonder that Americans focus all their combative energies on getting “their man” elected. In the modern American game of thrones, the presidency has become the ultimate spoils. 
But there are constitutional remedies for all of this. The Constitution has not yet been repealed or amended beyond recognition — though there are many who are pushing to do just that, via a modern constitutional convention. And the Constitution provides a series of ingenious remedies, some of them all but forgotten, for the disfigurement of our original checks and balances that generations of unscrupulous political elites have created. Here are a few of them. 
Cut the Purse Strings 
No federal program can operate without funding, and on paper at least, the House of Representatives still holds the purse strings for the entire government, as the Founders intended it to. As the first clause in the Constitution, Article 1, Section 7, clearly stipulates, “All bills for raising revenue must originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.” The House of Representatives, be it remembered, was designed to represent the voice of the people directly; this is why House members are reelected more often than any other officials in the federal government (every two years), and also why House members have the smallest constituencies. To change the direction of the federal government, it is first necessary to change the House, and it just happens that it is the House where turnover is the highest and candidacy the easiest. The House being the largest elected body in government, it is impossible for all House races to be controlled by special interests (although many of them certainly are). 
All this being the case, the House is the first line of defense against an abusive and overweening executive branch. If the House refuses to authorize spending for a given bill, program, initiative, or policy, it will not be funded. 
What if the president ignores Congress, and uses unauthorized funds, as the Clinton administration did in the 1995 bailout of the Mexican government? In 1995, President Clinton, frustrated by Congress’ refusal to authorize an emergency bailout of the Mexican economy to the tune of tens of billions of dollars in loan guarantees, went ahead and did it anyway. These funds were taken from a then little-known fund controlled by the Treasury Department, the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF), which was created in 1934 as part of the Gold Reserve Act, to provide emergency funds to shore up the dollar in the event of severe foreign exchange fluctuations. The ESF was made necessary by the United States’ departure from the gold standard, along with most other countries, during the 1930s. Absent the discipline and stability imposed by a precious-metal standard, currency values are prone to wild swings as governments engage in various inflationary policies. With the passage of decades, the central banks of the world have learned to coordinate their inflationary policies in secret, but the ESF remains, and as of 2009, held more than $100 billion — enough to fund a significant amount of presidential financial and economic priorities, should Congress demur. 
Another clever way that the executive branch has discovered for circumventing congressional checks on funding is via Department of Justice lawsuits. This trick has been used to particular effect by the Obama administration, and it works like this: The Justice Department launches a lawsuit for perceived violations of federal regulations (bank regulations, for example) against a well-heeled target or targets, and as part of the settlement, directs large payments to be made to selected special interests — for example, anti-bank activist groups. Hundreds of millions of off-budget dollars have been funneled to a wide panoply of leftist activist groups in this way, in return for their support of Obama’s anti-business policies. Of particular notoriety is the Obama administration’s recent disposal of hundreds of millions in settlement monies from the likes of Citigroup, Bank of America, and JP Morgan, of which an appreciable amount was permitted, under Justice’s terms of settlement, to be “donated” to various activist groups that serve the Democratic Party’s interests. This money all belongs, in theory, to the Treasury, and therefore cannot be disposed of without Congress’ say-so. In fact, Article 1, Section 9 of the Constitution anticipated the potential for executive monkeyshines with Treasury funds, stipulating that “no money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.” But that hasn’t stopped the Obama administration from using vast sums of extortion payments originating in legal settlements to finance many left-wing NGO (non-governmental organization) allies. 
The executive branch has devised and continues to devise methods to circumvent constitutional prohibitions on executive authority to raise money. For as one congressman closely allied with President Grover Cleveland is alleged to have told a fellow congressman who criticized one of his initiatives as unconstitutional, “What’s the Constitution between friends?” 
But can Congress do anything about it? All executive expenditures, from the constitutionally dubious ESF to DOJ settlement monies, must originate with the Treasury — but, as the Constitution makes crystal clear, although the Treasury pertains to the executive branch, its funds cannot be disbursed without congression­al authorization. It is this stipulation, even more than the “origination” clause in Article 1, Section 7, that assigns the purse strings ultimately and unavoidably to Congress. 
All Congress needs to do in cases of executive innovation, such as the creative use of DOJ settlement monies, is to pass a law clarifying constitutional limits on Treasury spending. In the case of the Exchange Stabilization Fund, it could simply legislate the unneeded entity out of existence, for example. In the case of the DOJ settlement slush fund, legislation outlawing such practices is already working its way through Congress. 
The framers of the Constitution anticipated that the executive branch would seek to raise funds by going around Congress. This is why the Constitution makes plain that measures for raising revenue must originate in the House, and that no money may be spent from the Treasury except by congressional authorization. 
This congressional authorization applies not only to money raised by taxes, but to all other ways the government has to raise money. In the latter category the most traditional way, of course, is borrowing money. Since the beginning of the Republic, this has been accomplished by the issuance of various “Treasuries,” financial instruments such as Treasury bonds that can be purchased by anyone wishing to loan money to the U.S. government in the hope of achieving a modest return upon maturation. The Constitution delegates the authority to “borrow money on the credit of the United States” to Congress in Article 1, Section 8. Yet this power was quickly delegated to the secretary of the treasury upon ratification of the Constitution, in 1789, and has been carried out by the Treasury, ostensibly under congression­al oversight, ever since. Today, all decisions made regarding the issuance of debt emanate from the Office of Debt Management (ODM) within the Treasury. Congress takes little notice of the day-to-day operations of this office, which has broad discretionary power to issue as much or as little debt as it sees fit, constrained only by the congressionally mandated debt limit — which Congress raises as frequently as political pressure, mostly orchestrated by the executive branch, demands. In other words, even though the Constitution assigns responsibility for the issuance of debt — as with all other fiscal powers — to Congress, the legislative body has delegated almost all of its authority over the creation of debt to the executive, reassuring itself that its authority remains supreme as long as the constantly rising debt ceiling limits are respected. Added to this is the fact that a large part of U.S. Treasury debt ends up being monetized by the Federal Reserve, an entity under neither presidential nor congressional control, whose financial activities are completely opaque to Congress and the president alike. In practice, though, the Fed is an ally of the executive branch, inasmuch as its “open market operations” (the purchase and sale of Treasury-issued debt on the secondary markets) has created a vast and constant demand for government debt that would not exist were private investors and foreign governments the Treasury Department’s only customers. 
Thus the executive branch may have little de facto authority to raise revenue directly, but it has come to enjoy — thanks to two centuries of congressional neglect — enormous and almost unchallenged de facto power over the issuance of debt, buttressed by the modern Federal Reserve System, and restrained only by occasional feeble congressional blandishments regarding the debt ceiling. 
This is a much knottier problem than reining in executive abuse of Treasury funds. It will require nothing less than the repeal of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 and the re-assertion of congressional responsibility for the issuance of debt. The transfer of the ODM and its operations to full and constant congressional oversight via the congressional Ways and Means Committee would be a good start in this regard, as would the instatement of a robust, long-term debt ceiling. But the best measure of all would be to begin shrinking the size and cost of government to within constitutionally mandated limits, and to pay down the massive debt that is now used as a political weapon to hold the entire country hostage — usually by ambitious, big-spending presidents and their allies in Congress. 
Other Remedies 
But what if the president starts another war? War is a powerful political distractor and disincentive for dissent. The laws, as Cicero once observed, have a tendency to fall silent in times of war. In our time, the very waging of war has become a lawless act, since no U.S. president since FDR, at the onset of World War II, has gone to war authorized by a congressional declaration. The Korean, Vietnam, Persian Gulf, Iraq, and Afghanistan wars have all been waged by presidential edict, as have countless smaller military actions from the former Yugoslavia to Haiti to Panama to Libya, among many others. The constitutional authority to declare war, delegated to Congress in Article 1, Section 8, has become all but a dead letter, not by direct repeal but by decades of congressional spinelessness and public apathy. For 15 years, the United States has been engaged in a series of international wars under the banner of a “War on Terror,” costing trillions of dollars and thousands of lives, without a constitutionally mandated declaration against any hostile power — and with no end in sight. Quite aside from the horrific human toll, the vaguely defined, open-ended War on Terror has created a constant rationale for more and more debt, mostly urged on a reluctant Congress and ever-more-hard-beset American people by an executive branch energized by the prospect of war without end. 
The solution to the executive war card is simple, but will require considerable political will: restore the congressional declaration of war as a check on the war-making ambitions of the executive branch. This would include determining whether America’s seemingly endless involvement in Middle Eastern broils is worthy of a declaration of war, and winding down our commitments in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and Afghanistan once and for all if it isn’t. Such would not lead to instant relief from our gargantuan war debts, but it would be a huge step in the right direction, reducing the likelihood of future foreign wars for our descendants to die in and pay for. 
How can we stop the growth of federal regulations by unelected bureaucrats? The easiest way would be for Congress to legislatively shut down and defund the departments and agencies that produce them. For decades, conservatives have vowed to close various executive branch departments, with the Department of Education a perennial favorite. But because of public apathy, such promises have not been kept. 
What about the Supreme Court? Another area in which the executive branch, bolstered by a sympathetic majority in Congress, might seem unstoppable is in the matter of Supreme Court appointees. One of the major self-justifications of the Trump campaign has been that a President Hillary Clinton will stack the Court with ultra-liberal justices who will roll back the gains of the Scalia/Roberts court, ensuring that abortion on demand continues and possibly overturning the recent ruling in favor of an expansive interpretation of the Second Amendment under the District of Columbia v. Heller. But the actions of the Republican-controlled Senate have already shown how such concerns can be exaggerated. The Senate notified President Obama after the untimely death of Justice Antonin Scalia that it would not consider any of his nominations so close to a presidential election. Despite withering pressure from Democrats and the kept media, Senate Republicans have been as good as their word — so far. Left out of the discussion, however, is that there is no constitutional stipulation on the number of Supreme Court justices, nor even that the number be odd to ensure a tiebreaker vote. The original Supreme Court had six justices, requiring that a tiebreaker be by a two-thirds majority (four out of six). Such a configuration was itself a powerful limit on the ability of the Supreme Court to impose its will. But there is nothing save perhaps an act of legislation that prevents the Supreme Court from returning to such an arrangement — or to any other number of judges Congress might deem appropriate. 
But aside from the number of justices, Congress possesses an even more powerful check against the Supreme Court. One of official Washington’s best-kept secrets is the fact that the Constitution provides, in Article 3, Section 2, for Congress to limit the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. The precise wording of this oft-overlooked provision is: In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction . In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction , both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make. [Emphasis added.] 
In other words, Congress may pass legislation instructing the Supreme Court that it has no jurisdiction over cases involving, for example, gun rights or abortion. In this way, a court deemed a threat to the body politic could be hamstrung. In practice, this option has seldom been used, and is almost never discussed in “respectable” Washington circles, because it poses a mortal threat to the legal hegemony the supremes have enjoyed for so long — usually to the advantage of Big Government and their cultural Marxist allies. Indeed, Congress might easily have gotten rid of ObamaCare by now if it had chosen this option instead of relying on the Supreme Court — which, of course, refused to find yet another Big Government program unconstitutional. 
If All Else Fails? 
From time to time, presidents (and Supreme Court justices) simply refuse to acknowledge limits on their power, and persist in defying the will of the people and the authority of Congress. In such cases, there is one final recourse: impeachment and removal from office. Congress has been reluctant to exercise this option, but were it used more freely, presidents and Supreme Court justices would be much more leery of abusing their powers. 
In short, there is an array of options available to keep the executive and judicial branches from running roughshod over Congress and the American people. The only thing required is better understanding of the Constitution’s intricate checks and balances and the political will to put them into effect. 

This article is an example of the exclusive content that's available by subscribing to our print magazine. Twice a month get in-depth features covering the political gamut: education, candidate profiles, immigration, healthcare, foreign policy, guns, etc. Digital as well as print options are available! Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
10511,NRA’s Chris Cox: Trump’s First 100 Days Have Bolstered Second Amendment,"On April 28,  ’s Chris Cox lauded President Trump’s first 100 days for bolstering the Second Amendment and the exercise of the rights it protects. [Writing in USA Today, Cox pointed to the nomination and confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Jeff Sessions to attorney general, and Ryan Zinke to secretary of the Interior.  The confirmation of Gorsuch means that “we are now back to having a     majority on the U. S. Supreme Court” and upholding the crucial decision in District of Columbia v Heller (2008). Sessions’ confirmation means “the Department of Justice will return to focusing on prosecuting violent criminals instead of targeting   gun owners. ” And the confirmation of Zinke as secretary of the Interior means “hunting and shooting” opportunities on our public lands will be protected. In addition to these nominations and confirmations, Cox points out that Trump has repealed Obama’s Social Security gun ban, a ban which would have allowed the Social Security Administration to strip elderly beneficiaries of their Second Amendment rights without due process. Cox pointed out that more must be done. For example, the gun ban for military veterans needs to be repealed, national reciprocity for concealed carry needs to become law, and firearm suppressors need to be deregulated via the Hearing Protection Act. Yet the   successes of Trump’s first 100 days suggest the remaining   Amendment proposals will also succeed. Cox wrote, “After eight long years, we once again have a president who respects and cherishes individual freedom. For America’s   gun owners, the Trump administration is proving to be among the best in history. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
10513,U.S. NAVY: PERSONAL DATA OF SAILORS HACKED,"Главная » News » U.S. Navy: Personal data of sailors hacked U.S. Navy: Personal data of sailors hacked Thursday, 24 November, 2016 - 11:45 
US Navy reports about the unauthorized access to confidential information, including social security numbers of 134386 current and former sailors. Despite the fact that there is no information about the using of this data, but this event is an extremely serious danger. 
Vice Admiral Robert P. Burke said: «The Navy takes this incident extremely seriously - this is a matter of trust for our sailors». 
The leakage has happened because of hacking the laptop of one of the employees of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Services, working under contract with the US Navy. Related links",0
10514,Donald Trump Ridicules ‘Horrible’ Susan Rice Interview with Andrea Mitchell,"President Donald Trump ridiculed former National Security Adviser Susan Rice after a televised interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell. [“Take a look at what’s happening,” Trump told the New York Times. “I mean, first of all her performance was horrible yesterday on television even though she was interviewed by Hillary Clinton’s P. R. person, Andrea Mitchell. ”  Trump said he thought that the media was not covering the story enough, pointing to some Democratic friends of his who were disturbed by the civil liberties aspects of Rice’s behavior. The president did not share any new details, but encouraged the press to keep digging. “I don’t want to comment on anything about  —   other than to say I think it’s a  —   I think it’s truly one of the big stories of our time,” he said. The president also dismissed the media’s obsession with the Russia story. “The Russia story is a total hoax,” he said. “There has been absolutely nothing coming out of that. But what, you know, what various things led into it was the story that we’re talking about, the Susan Rice. What’s happened is terrible. ”",0
10515,See Dems accept foreign cash to disrupt Trump rallies,"See Dems accept foreign cash to disrupt Trump rallies Undercover footage catches Hillary operative red-handed Published: 7 mins ago Bob Unruh About | | Archive Bob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially. Print 
A Hillary Clinton-supporting advocacy organization had no trouble accepting a $20,000 donation funneled through a Belize bank to use in this year’s presidential election campaign – until its decision was about to be made public in a series of undercover videos by James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas Action. 
Suddenly, the head of the organization expressed suspicion about the donation’s overseas origin and decided to return it. 
That’s one of the significant revelations in the latest in a series of videos released by O’Keefe called “Rigging the Election.” 
O’Keefe explained he had a fictitious donor meet with Bob Creamer, who was a staffer at Americans United for Change, a group supporting Clinton for president, until the videos started appearing last week. 
He said Creamer, who boasted of working directly for the Clinton campaign, directed that the $20,000 donation go to AUFC “to disrupt rallies and fund bracketing ops.” 
O’Keefe said he and his colleagues were very careful not to violate the law themselves. 
Creamer was clear about his ties to Clinton, stating, “Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters.” 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump’s call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
Project Veritas’ first video explained how the Clinton campaign uses “hidden connections” to incite violence at Donald Trump rallies. Its second video showed plans for step-by-step voter fraud and the third exposed “prohibited communications” between Hillary Clinton’s campaign, “the DNC and the nonprofit Americans United for Change.” 
The fourth video “breaks down the process of the long-term investigation.” It comes after Creamer’s announcement that he was stepping down from campaign responsibilities. 
O’Keefe and Project Veritas Action have filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission. 
Among the revelations in the latest video was Creamer was boasting of his close links to President Obama. 
“Oh, Barack Obama’s was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good, too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect,” he said. “He’s a pro, I’ve known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago.” 
When asked whether a potential donor could meet Obama, Creamer said: “OK, you may have a lot more opportunity once he is done in 98 days, 97. I was just at an event with him in Chicago, Friday of last week, he is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issued campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the … the health care bill, trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
Explained Project Veritas: “The more that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get. Project Veritas Action’s $20,000 investment paid off. The story was solid. Robert Creamer, Scott Foval, Jenna Price from the DNC, Brad Woodhouse from AUFC, Cesar Vargas and others opened the door to their smoke filled rooms of illegal and dirty campaign dealings, as seen in the three previous PVA videos.” 
In the first video, Foval, a Democratic operative, boasted of what he called “conflict engagement,” or sending protesters to disrupt Trump events. 
“We’re starting anarchy here,” he said. “And he needs to understand that we’re starting anarchy.” 
In the second video, Creamer explained Clinton’s direct control over those disruption operations. 
“In the end it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future President of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground, so by god we would get ducks on the ground,” Creamer said. 
Creamer, the husband of Democratic Rep. Jan Schakowsky of Illinois, has starred in several of the undercover videos. 
Here’s the third: 
That video also revealed a direct conflict between what Creamer was confirming – Clinton’s active involvement in such decisions and campaigns – and the claim of her campaign manager, Robby Mook. 
Mook told CNN over the weekend that there was no pathway between the activists staging violence and Clinton. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump’s call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
“These individuals no longer have a relationship with the DNC,” he said. “They’ve never had a relationship with the Clinton campaign and my understanding is that the events that are referenced happened I think in February of last year. 
“They did not have a contract with the DNC until June. But putting all that aside, this was again a video that was leaked out with the purpose of damaging the campaign, it is edited so we don’t know what the full context is. And there’s no evidence whatsoever … that anyone ever did anything like this when they were working for the DNC.” 
His comments: 
After confirming it was Clinton or “wanted ducks on the ground,” Creamer warned undercover Project Veritas journalists, “Don’t repeat that to anybody.” 
Creamer ran Democracy Partners, a consulting company with ties to Clinton. 
He has been to the White House 342 times while Obama has been president, including 47 meetings directly with Obama. 
O’Keefe’s organization reported that the coordination between the campaign, the DNC and the Americans United for Change “smacks of illegal coordinated campaign expenditures.” 
Last week , Project Veritas filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission asking for an investigation into the Clinton campaign’s “criminal conspiracy.” 
The filing of the complaint with the federal agency follows the release of two videos in which Democrats explain how they can attempt to change the outcome of the election through apparently fraudulent means, such as having people travel across state lines to vote illegally. 
The video have resulted already in two Democratic operatives losing their jobs. 
Editor’s Note: Be aware of offensive language throughout videos and in quotes from videos. 
One is Scott Foval, who had worked for People for the American Way, a George Soros-funded group, and more recently with Americans United for Change. 
In the video, he said: “You know what? We’ve been busing people in to deal with you f—ing a—–es for 50 years, and we’re not going to stop now.” 
Also, he said he and his agents are “starting anarchy” by creating “conflict engagement … in the lines at Trump rallies.” 
Also out of work is Creamer. 
See the second video: 
Talk-radio icon Rush Limbaugh said the evidence is worrisome. 
“Every Trump rally would feature none of this [violence] unless the Democrats were paying for it. I think it’s a big deal, folks. The media is complicit. They know who these people are. … They’re in on it. They’re part of the game. … None of it’s organic. None of it’s natural. None of it’s real. Every bit of it is bought and paid for. 
“[Democrats] can’t leave elections to chance because they know that, despite the way it may look, the majority of Americans would not support them if they knew who they are.” 
The first video:",0
10516,Did a Dakota Access Pipeline Guard Carry an AR-15 Into Peaceful Protests?,"Did a Dakota Access Pipeline Guard Carry an AR-15 Into Peaceful Protests?   
Last week, a series of peaceful protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline ended in the arrests of over 140 demonstrators . North Dakota law enforcement used rubber bullets, pepper spray, sound cannons and rubber bullets on the self-named “water protectors,” causing Amnesty International to send in a delegation of “human rights observers” to keep an eye on the tense situation. 
Evidence of the mistreatment of the peaceful demonstrators continues to emerge in the days since Thursday’s intense confrontation. Shocking new video footage shows what appears to be a private security contractor wielding an AR-15 rifle, and members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe have since stated that the man attempted to enter one of the main encampments. 
Amy Goodman from Democracy Now! spoke with Dallas Goldtooth , an organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network , to discuss the video footage and the escalating aggression by North Dakota law enforcement. 
“It was a very terrifying moment for a lot of us watching, I mean, to see this man pulling an assault rifle at our water protectors,” Gooldtooth explains. “I think that he’s a security contractor that has been hired by Dakota Access to guard its equipment, from what I believe, or at least to protect, you know, the workers or whatever it may be.” 
Goodman asks Goldtooth about the security contractor’s intentions. “There’s a variety of accounts, but it was—from what I understood, that was told to me, that he was tasked with also identifying and being within the crowd, watching internally with the crowd, and that there was some suggestion that he might—he might have been tasked with instigating some sort of violence from within the crowd and to garner a reaction from law enforcement,” Goldtooth says. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Watch the full discussion below: 
In addition to the possible infiltration by a private security guard, a brush fire began on Saturday night near the main encampment. The water protectors allege that the fire was intentionally set by Dakota Access Pipeline forces. Goodman asked Goldtooth about the mysterious fire and the broader forces of repression working against the peaceful demonstrators. 
“[I]t was very, very clear that that brush fire that happened was an act of arson by unknown individuals,” Goldtooth says. “But given the recent events with the Dakota Access worker, given the escalation of law enforcement, that, you know, a lot of fingers are pointing towards Dakota Access that—as being a culprit behind this late fire.” 
Watch the interview below:",0
10517,9 Deaths Are Linked to Rare Cancer From Breast Implants - The New York Times,"A rare cancer first linked to breast implants in 2011 has now been associated with nine deaths, the Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday. As of Feb. 1, the agency had received a total of 359 reports of the cancer associated with the implants. The deaths were not caused by breast cancer, the agency said, but by a rare malignancy in the immune system, anaplastic   lymphoma. In cases linked to implants, this rare form of cancer grows in the breast, usually in the capsule of scar tissue that forms around an implant. It is usually treatable and not often fatal. The problem is more likely to occur with textured implants, which have a pebbly surface, than with smooth implants, the agency said. Of the 359 reported cases, 231 included information about the implant surface: 203 were textured, and 28 smooth. The contents of the implants appeared much less important: Of 312 cases where the contents were known, 186 were filled with silicone gel, and 126 with saline. Cases generally come to light when symptoms develop, like lumps, pain, fluid buildup and swelling. The agency said it was impossible to say how many cases exist, because of limited reporting of problems and a lack of worldwide sales data on implants. About 290, 000 women in the United States had implants for breast enlargement in 2016, and 109, 000 received them for reconstruction after breast cancer, according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. In many cases when the lymphoma occurs, just removing the implant and the tissue around it eliminates the disease. But some women may need chemotherapy and radiation. Why there is a difference in risk related to the surfaces is not known, but the body’s reaction to textured implants is different from its reaction to smooth ones, according to Dr. Alex K. Wong, a plastic surgeon and researcher at the University of Southern California’s Keck School of Medicine. Tissue grows into microscopic grooves in the textured implants. “When we take these out, you can hear a peeling sound,” Dr. Wong said. “Whereas with a smooth implant, it’s like  . You can spin it around. It moves really easily. ” Studies in rats in his laboratory show different levels of genetic activity in the animals’ tissues in response to smooth versus textured implants. “We’re still trying to find out why the surface matters,” he said, adding that in some cases the cancer seems also to be associated with a certain bacterial infection. Surgeons use textured implants if they want the implant to stick in place and not move, which is important for newer, anatomically shaped implants that would look bad if they were to shift or turn upside down. The F. D. A. says doctors should consider the possibility of lymphoma in women who start having breast problems a long time after implant surgery. If a woman with implants has no problems, there is no reason to remove them, the F. D. A. says, emphasizing that the lymphoma seems to be very rare. But women receiving implants should be aware of the potential problem and the increased risk with textured implants, the agency says. A spokeswoman for the F. D. A. Stephanie Caccomo, said Tuesday’s announcement was made because “in 2016, there were several advances in the description of the disease and treatment recommendations, including recognition of the disease by the World Health Organization and publication of diagnosis and treatment guidelines by the Plastic Surgery Foundation and National Comprehensive Cancer Network. ”",0
10518,WaPo: “Don’t Like Trump’s Piggish Prejudice? Blame the World of Golf.”,"X Dear Reader! VDARE.com isn’t just a website. We are the voice of the Historic American Nation . Our goal is nothing less than to develop a full spectrum media network to speak up for our people during this difficult time for our country. Part of that means building institutions which are offline and in the real world. There’s something about a paper journal that suggests permanence, which inclines people to take it more seriously. And because the news cycle is so fast, some of the most important, substantial, and potentially influential writings fall through the cracks and don’t get the attention they deserve. For that reason, we’re proud to announce the creation of VDARE QUARTERLY, a print journal featuring the best material from our webzine. This will replace our yearly anthologies and ensure that the information and analysis you really don't want to miss will get in front of you as quickly as possible. However, we need your help. For us to unveil this exciting new product we need 600 magazines ordered to cover the print expenses. Fill out the form below to instantly receive a digital copy of VDARE QUARTERLY, and when we have the number of necessary subscribers it will go to print and your exclusive paper copy will ship directly to you! Depending on the package you choose, you will receive multiple paper copies (provided enough readers support the community effort). We encourage you to pass these around – they serve as an excellent gift for friends and family, while at the same time helping to build our community. VDARE QUARTERLY is aesthetically pleasing as well as ideologically powerful. But this isn’t just a service we are providing. VDARE QUARTERLY is a tangible manifestation of your investment in us, and in our country. A subscription is one of the most effective ways you can help us build our media network, expand our influence, and build the kind of movement we will need to take back our country and ensure our children have a recognizable America. 
We count on your support! Yours sincerely, Peter Brimelow, Editor of VDARE.com VDARE QUARTERLY countdown: 258 already ordered, 342 still to go",0
10519,Hillary’s Warped Notion,"Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture October 28, 2016 
Perhaps one of the most used and abused political expressions in recent years has been that of “American exceptionalism.” Politicians and commentators routinely invoke it as a high principle and accuse their opponents of insufficient devotion to it, or contrariwise blame it for all the ills of the world. 
For example, in 2013, Russian President Vladimir Putin ruffled many Americans’ feathers: 
“It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. . . . We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord’s blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.” 
Hillary Clinton weighed in on exceptionalism in an August speech before the American Legion, in which she also took a swipe at Donald Trump : 
The United States is an exceptional nation. . . . But, in fact, my opponent in this race has said very clearly that he thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world. In fact, when Vladimir Putin, of all people, criticized American exceptionalism, my opponent agreed with him, saying, and I quote, ‘if you’re in Russia, you don’t want to hear that America is exceptional.’ Well maybe you don’t want to hear it, but that doesn’t mean it’s not true. 
It needs to be asked, though: when people praise or criticize “American exceptionalism,” are they always talking about the same thing? 
America, like any country, has its own distinctive history, culture, and traditions. America’s unique founding principles—consent of the governed, due process, a constitutionally limited division of powers, representative government—justly have been an inspiration to the world for over two centuries. Thomas Jefferson wrote of the “palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately, by the grace of God.” 
This “exceptional” idea was new in human history. Any American worthy of the name justly takes pride in it. This is the genuine American exceptionalism of Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, lately championed by Reagan. The fact that we have strayed so far from it, both domestically and internationally, is shameful. 
The unique moral revolution to which the Founding Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor has little connection to the bastard term (usually capitalized as “American Exceptionalism”) that describes post-Cold War U.S. global behavior, by which policymakers in Washington assert both an exclusive “leadership” privilege and unsupportable obligation to undertake open-ended international missions in the name of the “Free World” and the “international community.” This is the counterfeit “Exceptionalism” of a tiny clique of bipartisan apparatchiki —GOP “neoconservatives” and Democrat “liberal interventionists” and their mainstream media mouthpieces —who have little regard for our country’s oldest traditions or the security and welfare of the American people. Tags: Edward Lozansky is president of the American University in Moscow.",0
10520,Hollywood Welcomes Saudi Arabian Filmmakers,"Saudi Film Days, a two-day showcase designed to celebrate filmmakers from Saudi Arabia, will be held in Los Angeles, on Nov. 3-4, 2016. Paramount Studios and the Ace Hotel will hold screenings of the short films for free, on November 4.
This is the first showcase for Saudi Arabian films and the creators. Seven talented and dynamic filmmakers will present their fresh perspectives on the silver screen. The event will include the complete Hollywood experience: the red carpet, Gala dinner, presenters and an MC.
The Saudi Film Days showcase is hosted by The King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture. This institution strives to offer multiple avenues for people to experience other ways of life.
Short Films and Interviews “I Can’t Kiss Myself”: follows a man who is surrounded by fame and attention, until someone causes him to question what these accolades truly mean for him. Directed by Ali Alsumayin.
Alsumayin began his career in advertising before becoming a broadcast designer for The Middle East Broadcasting Corporation Group. He directed television programs and a web series before making his debut as an independent film director. He strove for this new career because it allows him to present an idea in a different form and give it emotion. He said the concept is taken from the human mind and given breath on the screen, touching the audience.
He believes, as a director, it is important to relate to the topic of the film. “I Can’t Kiss Myself,” was created to reach the people of his generation. The goal was to show people that being popular on social media is only an illusion. Nevertheless, it still changes how people view themselves and how they behave.
The Saudi filmmaker is currently working on a new television series and is hoping to begin filming when he returns after the showcase. He is reviewing two other scripts for a possible mini-series. Television commercials are a major part of his career, and there are many for him to finish when he arrives in Saudi Arabia.
He would like to direct more dialogue-based movies. He is writing an outline for a film about a troubled married couple talking over dinner. When asked where he wanted his career to be in the future, Alsumayin said, “I just want to do more films and read more scripts that would blow my mind.”
“Is Sumyati Going to Hell?”: Sumyati is the family maid. This film is shown through the eyes of the family’s youngest child, Layan, as he watches her navigate her way around racist employers.
Meshal Aljaser enjoys sharing his different opinions with an audience through social media and creative film. At a young age, he began his career as a producer and director and has continued to build on these skills to attain his goal of becoming a well-known Saudi Arabian director.
He uses his YouTube show, “Folaim,” to share his viewpoints and unique perspective. The show recently earned him an award from Qomra, the Ramadan Program competition. He won the award through audience voting.
Since Aljaser was a small child, movies have fascinated him. Watching the characters live the story was a time-traveling experience for him. Now, he is expanding his career to include acting.
In the future, the filmmaker wants to establish a Saudi HBO. When asked about his future, he responded:
To where my career is heading exactly doesn’t matter, what matters that it is within the amazing and fascinating world of filmmaking and i am enjoying every minute of it.
Spokesman for the King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture Albara Auhaly talked about the opportunities Saudi Film Days could bring. “By offering [these young Saudi filmmakers] this showcase to come together and show their talents, we hope to lead them down the path to transition from digital to successful film and television careers.” The filmmakers have expressed how excited they are to be part of such a groundbreaking Hollywood endeavor. These young directors are hoping to affect society and culture outside Saudi Arabia.
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Interview: Ali Alsumayin
Interview: Meshal Aljaser
Press Release: Saudi Film Days
Images Courtesy of Saudi Film Days – Used With Permission filmmakers , hollywood , King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture , saudi , spot",0
10521,"Saudi Deputy Crown Prince, Pentagon Chief Mattis Discuss ’Confronting Iran’","Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman met with Secretary of Defense James Mattis on Thursday following what the Saudi government proclaimed to be a successful meeting with President Donald Trump. The two reportedly discussed tensions in the Middle East with a focus on “confronting Iran’s destabilizing regional activities. ”[According to Gulf news network   Salman and Mattis held a   discussion for “over three hours” and created an “atmosphere of consensus” regarding the Islamist threats facing both countries in the region. The Pentagon statement confirmed that containing the influence of Iran  —   whose terror proxies are playing major roles in conflicts in Syria, Iraq, and Yemen  —   took up much of their conversation.  The prince, who also serves as Saudi Arabia’s defense minister, told reporters, “Saudi Arabia is ready to send its troops to Syria as the country would do all it takes to eradicate terrorism,” according to  . The network adds that Mattis and Salman were joined by “Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford, the National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster, the President’s senior counselor for economic initiatives Dina Powel, the White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, and senior defense and foreign ministry officials. ” The conversation followed a meeting with President Trump Wednesday, after which a spokesman for the prince issued a glowing statement of the U. S. president. “Prince Mohammed considers his Excellency [Trump] as a true friend of Muslims who will serve the Muslim World in an unimaginable manner,” the statement read in part, “opposite to the negative portrait of his Excellency [Trump] that some have tried to promote. ” The prince also appeared to support President Trump’s plans to build a wall on the American southern border: “Both sides discussed the Saudi successful experience in building a fence on the   border, which led to preventing illegal entrance of individuals, as well as preventing smuggling operations. ” The prince also appeared to support President Trump’s plans to build a wall on the American southern border: “Both sides discussed the Saudi successful experience in building a fence on the   border, which led to preventing illegal entrance of individuals, as well as preventing smuggling operations. ” Mohammed bin Salman’s meeting with President Trump occurred as King Salman attended scheduled meetings with senior Communist Party officials in China, seeking further investment into the Saudi economy. The emphasis on containing Iran highlights Saudi tensions with the largest Shiite Muslim country in the world, which it regularly accuses of playing a key role in exporting terrorism worldwide. Saudi Arabia itself has a checked history of exporting Wahhabism, an extremist strain of jihadist Islam, and Saudi government officials have been implicated in some of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the world. Saudi Arabia is currently seeking to overturn a law that allows the victims of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks to sue the kingdom for damages, citing  ’s communications with Saudi government officials. Iran’s Foreign Ministry has taken the opportunity of the meeting between Mattis and the prince to condemn Saudi Arabia once again, calling his visit to Washington “deluded and fallacious” and accusing Saudi Arabia of war crimes. Mohammed bin Salman, Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi said, was “one of the main directors of the Saudi war on the innocent and defenseless Yemeni nation, and the manifestation of terror and horror in Syria, Bahrain and other regional and world countries. ” “The history of the Middle East will teach all, especially   states who have through the fantasy and illusion [of being able] to buy security moved to offer a green light to the intervention of foreign players, that they are making a huge mistake because previous interventions by   powers have only led to insecurity in countries and the states that have summoned the foreign powers,” Qassemi warned.",0
10522,Was She a Feminist? The Complicated Legacy of Helen Gurley Brown. - The New York Times,"ENTER HELENThe Invention of Helen Gurley Brown and the Rise of the Modern Single WomanBy Brooke HauserIllustrated. 462 pp.   Publishers. $28. 99. NOT PRETTY ENOUGHThe Unlikely Triumph of Helen Gurley BrownBy Gerri HirsheyIllustrated. 500 pp. Sarah Crichton   Straus  Giroux. $27. Provocation does not age well. Those who succeed make it difficult to appreciate how radical they were. When Helen Gurley Brown published “Sex and the Single Girl” in 1962, her frankness about the fact that unmarried women had sex  —   and liked it  —   shocked reviewers and sold millions of copies. When she took over Cosmopolitan in 1965, staff members grumbled. But over the 32 years she served as editor in chief, her message  became mainstream. “There is a catch to achieving single bliss,” Brown told her “Single Girl” readers. “You have to work like a son of a bitch. ” Cosmo reiterated that any girl could diet, exercise, groom, shop, flirt and sleep her way into having it all  —   another phrase that Brown helped make ubiquitous. The trick was indefatigability. Today, when career advisers exhort us to “do what you love, and love what you do” and pop songs tell us to “work it,” to be sexy at work and to work at being sexy not only isn’t shocking it’s expected. This may be why, four years after her death at the age of 90, Helen Gurley Brown is experiencing something of a revival. Matthew Weiner, the creator of “Mad Men,” frequently cited “Sex and the Single Girl” as a source of inspiration and urged writers for the show to read it. In the introduction to her 2014 memoir “Not That Kind of Girl,” Lena Dunham identified Brown as a key influence. The   pilot that Dunham is currently developing for HBO revolves around a writer for women’s magazines during the early years of   feminism. A play based on Brown’s life is also in the works. Now, two new biographies of Helen Gurley Brown have arrived within months of each other: “Enter Helen,” by Brooke Hauser, a contributing writer at Allure and “Not Pretty Enough,” by the longtime culture journalist Gerri Hirshey. (The feature film rights for “Enter Helen” were  optioned before the book was even finished.) Both books draw heavily on the personal papers that Brown bequeathed to Smith College, as well as published works by Brown and her husband, the film producer David Brown. Both authors interviewed colleagues, friends and the few relatives who survived Helen. And both highlight the exhausting feedback loop between her anxieties and her ambition. Hauser and Hirshey are not the first. In her 2009 biography “Bad Girls Go Everywhere,” the gender and women’s studies professor Jennifer Scanlon presented a rigorous assessment of the relationship between   “Gurley girl feminism” and the more privileged precincts of the women’s movement. “Enter Helen” and “Not Pretty Enough” offer engaging takes on Brown’s life for a popular audience. “Enter Helen” focuses on the 1960s and 1970s, the decades when Hauser’s heroine took off. Hauser lifted the title from a repeated stage direction in a musical that Brown tried to write about her own life, and the book has the   footed and slightly manic quality of a revue. Most chapters run only a few pages. All are signposted with dates and epigraphs. We enter in medias res, shortly before Helen married David, and follow her rise for 165 pages before flashing back to her childhood in Arkansas. “Genteel poor” was a phrase Helen used to describe it. She felt a keen need to compensate for her “mouseburger” origins for the rest of her life. “Her insecurity was cellular,” Hauser writes. It was also her great selling point. The improbability of her success proved that her   methods worked. Throughout, Hauser weaves in  passages connecting Brown to her contemporaries and the cultural landscape of the 1960s. These side glances not only help situate her life in the context of its times. They remind us of how many of her stances were truly progressive  —   her vocal support of access to contraception and legal abortion, for instance. They also offer amusing glimpses into friendships and catty contretemps. We learn that Hugh Hefner was an early ally and that Gloria Steinem was often dismissive. Joan Didion was agnostic. A 1965 profile by Didion, published in The Saturday Evening Post, observed that Brown seemed mostly “very tired. ” Gerri Hirshey’s “Not Pretty Enough” presents a narrower, but deeper, perspective. As Hirshey states in her introduction, her book is concerned more with the character and psychology of its protagonist than with her cultural surroundings. Where Hauser’s method is montage, Hirshey suggests her own approach is  “pointillist. ” “Not Pretty Enough” begins with contemporary reminiscences before it dissolves, like a classic Hollywood flashback, to 1893, when Brown’s mother, Cleo Sisco, was born in the Ozarks. Brown’s father died in a freak elevator accident in June 1932, when Helen was only 10 and her sister, Mary, was 14. Their childhood was impoverished and itinerant. Cleo moved her daughters across state lines several times before settling in Los Angeles and remarrying. Mary was afflicted by polio, while Helen suffered from disfiguring acne. Hirshey makes a strong case that the “intimate rituals of utter frustration and despair” that Brown shared with her hapless mother, along with her idealization of her dead father, shaped her forever. Indeed, they may have shaped the entire Cosmopolitan empire: “Cleo’s basic   message was a dour version of the one Helen would banner with   cheer in her own best sellers and in her magazine: Honey, do the best with what you have. ” Hirshey’s psychological insights into Brown’s childhood, as well as the book’s treatment of Brown’s long partnership with her husband, deepen and complicate the plucky image that Brown projected in public. Given how fixated she was on the connections between sex appeal and success, it’s unsurprising she struggled as she got older. After her death, Brown was treated with the special cruelty that our culture reserves for women who do not know when to desist from trying to be desirable. Even her obituary in The Times included a snide remark: “She was 90, though parts of her were considerably younger. ” Hauser speeds over Brown’s twilight, when she turned into a grim caricature of herself, the emaciated octogenarian in fishnets doling out oral sex tips and saying reprehensibly ignorant things about H. I. V. and sexual harassment. “For all her confessions,” Hauser concludes, “Helen remained unknowable, even to those who knew her best. ” Hirshey lingers over the denouement, taking several chapters to chronicle Helen’s later years as the editor of Cosmopolitan’s international editions, her declining health, her    weight gain and her stunned grief after the death of David. When people asked how she was dealing with it, she offered a pantomime of nonchalance that sounds like a kind of despair: “Well, I come to work every day. ” “Write the way you speak,” Brown admonished, and for better or worse, both Hauser and Hirshey use prose strongly inflected  —   you might even say infected  —   with Brown’s own idioms and idiosyncrasies. “Was he riding on his wife’s coattails?” Hauser writes of David Brown. “Absolutely! And why not? She had ridden on his. ” The new Cosmo that he and Helen cooked up would consist of “frank discussions about sex, money, careers, apartments, fashion and beauty  —   oh, and men, men, men. ” The prose of “Not Pretty Enough” is less cartoonish, but Hirshey’s attempts to ventriloquize sometimes verge on pastiche. She describes one early lover as “a Wow” and a title Brown wrote as “a   grabber. ” From time to time, Hirshey adopts the kind of   innuendo Cosmo favored. Helen’s speaking voice was “well suited to the dark, whispery in tone, pleasant and   with a musky minor note of boudoir. ” These biographies convey the sense of desperation that attended someone whose success depended so fundamentally on  . “Enter Helen” shows Brown trying to become everything anyone else wanted. She insisted that she loved sex even when she did not orgasm: “It was the most marvelous feeling because, my goodness, he was looking at me, at me. ” “Relax chin, stay at 105 pounds . ’u2008. ’u2008. torture!” was her New Year’s resolution for years. “Not Pretty Enough” announces this central problem in the title. Yet neither book quite answers the deepest questions it poses. Why does Helen Gurley Brown matter now? Why does her story feel so timely? Hauser, despite her vivid treatment of Steinem and Betty Friedan, simply neglects to discuss contemporary feminism. Hirshey, from the outset, dismisses questions about Brown’s legacy the way she imagines Brown herself would: “Aw, pippy poo. ” “I do find much of the revisionist analysis and H. G. B.   to be tedious, solipsistic and drearily beside the point,” Hirshey sighs. It’s a standard kind of complaint for popular writers to lob at academics. But refusing to situate Brown in the current context seems like a missed opportunity. The past few years have seen a powerful revival of feminism in the United States, along with its commercial acceptance  —   or, depending on your perspective, its appropriation. In “Bad Girls Go Everywhere,” Scanlon presented Brown as a complicated feminist figure: Cosmopolitan may have been crass, but it also disseminated feminist messages to a   audience whom the canonical front of the women’s movement didn’t reach. These two biographies matter precisely because Brown’s life and career anticipated the tensions that countless women are talking about now. She offered a blueprint for success in a sexist world, telling readers how to game a system that was set up to exploit them. Was this the right approach? Whatever your answer, this is the same debate we are still having about the most powerful women in America, from Hillary Clinton to Beyoncé. Paradoxically, the most prominent heir to Brown’s     feminism may be Sheryl Sandberg. In a 1982 interview with Gloria Steinem, Brown conceded that women faced obstacles specific to their gender, but, she insisted: “You can do pretty well anyway. You can rise above it. ” Sandberg hardly shares Brown’s mouseburger origins, but in “Lean In” she delivers a message Brown would have recognized. “We can reignite the revolution by internalizing the revolution,” Sandberg promises. A girl can hope, and as Brown knew, hope sells eternal.",0
10523,"Comment on Aborted Human Fetal Cells in Your Food, Vaccines & Cosmetics by DCG","| August 23, 2015 at 9:39 pm | Reply 
To Pancho, I’m researching this material at about the same time you are and also have questions about the products talked about here that surround us every day that we had no idea came about this evil way. The information is devastating to our hearts. 
Just want you to know that man looks at the outer appearances but God looks at the heart. (1 Samuel 16:7) So He sees your grief producing a repentant heart that will lead you turn away from sin and instead go the opposite way in your life. The Bible says it this way, “godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death.” In other words, worldly grief doesn’t change us, but godly grief does. Further, Scripture says, “If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.” (1 John 1:9) I don’t know your situation, but I wonder if you have you personally accepted the Lord. We personally need to receive God’s gracious gift of salvation knowing that Christ died in our place for our sins. The Bible says “if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart one believes and is justified, and with the mouth one confesses and is saved. For the Scripture says: ‘Everyone who believes in him will not be put to shame.’” And a few verses later it says, “For everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.” (Romans 10:9-11, 13) 
The Bible tells us that it is not by our works that we are saved but by grace through faith. It’s not what we do, but what God has done through his son. In Ephesians 2, Paul says, “4 But God, being rich in mercy, because of the great love with which he loved us, 5 even when we were dead in our trespasses, made us alive together with Christ — by grace you have been saved — 6 and raised us up with him and seated us with him in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus, 7 so that in the coming ages he might show the immeasurable riches of his grace in kindness toward us in Christ Jesus. 8 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, 9 not of works, so that no one may boast.” And here’s one more passage from Titus 3: “4 But when the goodness and loving kindness of God our Savior appeared, 5 He saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit, 6 whom he poured out on us richly through Jesus Christ our Savior, 7 so that being justified by his grace we might become heirs according to the hope of eternal life.” 
I hope you get to see this and that it helps. Please reply if you have any more questions.",0
10524,Poland Steps Back From Stricter Anti-Abortion Law - The New York Times,"WARSAW  —   After growing protests from Polish women and an embarrassing debate in the European Parliament, Poland’s governing party retreated Thursday from a proposed law that would have made virtually all abortions illegal. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of the party, the   Law and Justice Party, said that while the government agreed with the intent of such a law, it opposed the version proposed by an   group. “Observing the social developments, we have come to a conclusion that this legislation will have an opposite effect to the one that was intended,” he said. “This is not the right way to proceed. ” The   Polish government has clashed often with European Union officials, particularly over moves that effectively hobbled the country’s constitutional tribunal, the main check on the governing party. So the clash over abortion, a delicate social issue, was scrutinized throughout Europe for signs of how far Law and Justice could go in enacting its conservative agenda at a time of rising nationalism across the Continent. Poland already has among the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe, providing exceptions only in cases of incest, rape, severely damaged fetuses and threats to the mother’s life. Three days after thousands of women dressed in black protested nationwide, 352 of the 428 lawmakers present in Poland’s lower house of Parliament voted against the proposal, which would have eliminated all of the exceptions but one: threat to the mother’s life. Tightening abortion laws has been a priority for the Catholic Church, which plays a powerful role in the country and is closely allied with Mr. Kaczynski’s party, which has a solid parliamentary majority. The vote came a day after a   parliamentary body, the Justice and Human Rights Commission, surprised government opponents by voting not to support the legislation in Thursday’s second round of voting, presaging the measure’s defeat. The commission’s ruling was followed by 90 minutes of heated discussions that did not end until early Thursday. Stanislaw Tyszka, deputy marshal of the lower house of Parliament, ended the debate by scolding members. “You are behaving like mad monkeys,” he said. Law and Justice members had voted overwhelmingly to move the bill forward in the first round of voting last month, but party leaders had a change of heart. Party officials said they now objected to the bill in part because it would have punished women who received abortions, including potential prison terms. The bill also called for imprisoning doctors who performed abortions. Before Wednesday’s commission vote, the Conference of the Polish Episcopate posted a statement on its website saying that the church also does not support any legislation that calls for punishing women for having abortions. Krystyna Pawlowicz, a commission member and one of the governing party’s most outspoken politicians, posted on her Facebook page that the Episcopate’s position had effectively “authorized” the vote against the measure. Also on Wednesday, the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, held an emotional debate over the bill, a debate that Law and Justice had tried to avert as an intrusion into Poland’s sovereignty. Malin Björk, from Sweden’s Left Party, called the proposed law “a huge blow against women’s rights. ” Gianni Pittella, president of the European Parliament’s Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, said the legislation undercut European Union values “and threatens the right to health of women. ” Speakers for the Polish government said the debate should never have happened. “You are talking about something on which you don’t have the right to legislate,” said Jadwiga Wisniewska, a European Parliament member from Law and Justice. The government had insisted throughout the debate that the legislation had not been its project, but a proposal from   citizen groups. Leaders of those groups reacted with outrage to what they saw as a betrayal. Joanna Banasiuk, a leader of Ordo Iuris, the group that had written the legislation, said that despite the anger, the organization would accept changing the measure to remove punishments for women. Another Ordo Iuris official, Mariusz Dzierzawski, took on the governing party’s leader directly. “Jaroslaw Kaczynski just honestly thinks that sick children should be aborted,” he said. Opposition politicians and leaders of the protests against the legislation were triumphant. “Kaczynski caved from the wrath of thousands of women,” said Marcelina Zawisza, from the   Together Party that coordinated the street protests, on her Facebook page. “This is the first victorious battle in our fight for our dignity and rights. But the war is not over yet. ” Law and Justice officials said that the government intended to stick with the current law, for the time being, but was considering possible future changes. Prime Minister Beata Szydlo told Parliament just before Thursday’s vote that her government continued to believe that its main job was to protect human life from the moment of conception. She added that by the end of the year, the government would prepare a national program to support families with disabled children and women who give birth even after their fetuses have been found to have genetic disorders. Rafal Chwedoruk, a political scientist at the University of Warsaw, said the government was scrambling to do “damage control” over its miscalculation in pushing the issue. “This vote is obviously an attempt to put an end to this issue as soon and as painlessly as possible,” he said.",0
10525,"Abducted at Birth and Found 18 Years Later, Woman Tries On New Identity - The New York Times","MIAMI  —   Alexis K. Manigo closes her eyes to sleep and sees images of her mother. She recalls the doting mom who took her to zoos, aquariums and SeaWorld, and marvels at how fortunate she was to have a parent who loved her unconditionally. But those memories are now complicated by an extraordinary drama that has played out over the week since Ms. Manigo, 18, found out that she had been spirited away as a newborn from a hospital in Jacksonville, Fla. that her real name is Kamiyah Mobley, and that the woman she still thinks of as her mother has been charged with her abduction. She is still trying to make sense of it all. She met with her birth parents, Craig Aiken and Shanara Mobley, last weekend. But in her first newspaper interview since the case made headlines on Friday, she said she did not have a cross word for Gloria Williams, the woman who now stands accused of lurking for more than a dozen hours around a Jacksonville hospital on the July 1998 day Ms. Manigo was born, looking for a newborn to snatch. “I feel like I was blessed,” Ms. Manigo said in a telephone interview. “I never had a reason to question a blessing like that, someone loving you so much. ” Ms. Manigo said she never had cause to doubt her mother in the rural South Carolina community where she grew up. But the police say someone else clearly did. At least two tips were called in late last year to the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office, some 200 miles away, where the police still had an open   case. “A woman posing as a health care worker approached a young mother, then 16, with a newborn, and walked out of what was then University Medical Center with a baby and disappeared,” Sheriff Mike Williams recounted at a news conference on Friday. The woman wore flowered hospital scrubs and carried a purse, which seemed odd. “What’s she doing with a pocketbook?” the baby’s grandmother, Velma Aiken, recalled thinking in a report on the 10th anniversary of the case. “That lady could be stealing your baby. ” She thought, “I’m picking up a bad spirit. ” The woman spent hours with the family and then left with the baby, saying the girl had a fever and needed some tests. They never came back. “In the 18 years since that child’s abduction, we have received and followed up on more than 2, 500 investigative leads,” Sheriff Williams said, recalling an “intense, lengthy, detailed, multiagency investigation. ” The family reached a legal settlement with the hospital two years later. And every year, the baby’s mother would wrap a slice of birthday cake in tinfoil and freeze it. The case also went cold. Late last year, two fresh tips came in, and they led   detectives to Walterboro, S. C. a town of just 5, 000 people an hour west of Charleston. There, the investigators found a young woman who had been born on July 10, 1998, just like Kamiyah, but with a different name. Her documents were fraudulent, Sheriff Williams said, and “interviews with people” supported the idea that the two women were one and the same. The detectives asked Ms. Manigo for a DNA sample. “And of course, like someone who understands their rights, she said: ‘What is this about? Do you have a warrant? ’” said her lawyer, Justin Bamberg. The investigators returned with one. Ms. Manigo gave her DNA and in short order found out the truth: She was someone else’s child. Conscious of the fact that the woman she knew as her mother will now face trial for kidnapping, Ms. Manigo is unwilling to discuss a lot about the case, including how her family life finally unraveled. She does not want to say which name she plans to use in the future, and she insisted that she was never suspicious  —   although the police said otherwise at a news conference on Friday. “I never had any ID or a driver’s license, but other than that, everything was totally normal,” she said. She did acknowledge being stymied a few months ago when she applied for work at Shoney’s but lacked the Social Security card she needed to get the job. “She took care of everything I ever needed,” Ms. Manigo said. “I never wanted for anything. I always trusted her with it. ” She said that Ms. Williams was not mentally ill and that she had not been overprotective. Ms. Williams worked at a Navy yard handling medical records and was set to receive her master’s degree this year. “She was a very smart woman,” Ms. Manigo said. Ms. Manigo met her biological parents on Saturday, at a teary reunion followed by a   trip to the mall. She called them Mom and Dad, because she figured those were words they had been waiting a long time to hear. “You can tell she has a lot of love for me as well,” Ms. Manigo said about her biological mother, who could not be reached for comment. “They don’t feel like  . They feel like distant family. ” She said she felt an innate trust toward them. Her father, Craig Aiken, told   in Jacksonville the meeting was “beautiful. ” “It’s a feeling that you can’t explain,” he said. Mr. Bamberg, Ms. Manigo’s lawyer, said there were now practical matters to attend to. She needs identification and a Social Security card. A large financial settlement was won on her behalf, and now that she is 18, it has to be determined whether any money was set aside for her. “You have incidents where people’s lives were turned upside down, and then you have this: a life that was essentially erased,” he said. Among the few people who can really relate to what Ms. Mobley is experiencing is Sarah Cecilie Finkelstein Waters. When she was a preschooler living with her mother, her father took her, and it was not until she was a teenager and saw her picture on a milk carton that she realized that she had been abducted. Ms. Waters eventually reconnected with her mother, distanced herself from her father and, as an adult, befriended other survivors of abduction. “It turns reality upside down and forces you to question every core thing you ever believed to be true,” said Ms. Waters, now 46, married and a mother herself, living on Long Island. “You have to really struggle to come to terms with all these shades of gray, make sense of them, and hopefully some sort of peace with them: What is reality? Who is wrong and who’s right? Who really loves me? Who is telling the truth?” Since Ms. Mobley seems devoted to the woman she believed was her mother, Ms. Waters said, “She needs to feel like she can embrace her new family without giving up on her old one. ” Geoffrey Greif, a professor at the University of Maryland School of Social Work who has studied abduction cases, said some psychological effects were common. “As you connect the dots over a period of time, it’s a pretty normal reaction to become upset with the abductor, and a child who was abducted may have trouble developing intimacy and trust with other people,” he said. “We often see a degree of anger at the parents who were left behind, even if that’s not really justified, like ‘Why didn’t you look harder for me? ’” But cases like Ms. Mobley’s are quite rare. Thousands of children are abducted each year, but usually the abductor is a family member, most often a parent. And abduction by a stranger often has a tragic end  —   sexual abuse, death or both. A spokesman for the hospital, which is now called UF Health Jacksonville, said the medical center was thrilled that the young woman had been found. “We share in the joy of this discovery with her family, the northeast Florida community, and law enforcement as they celebrate this news,” the spokesman, Dan Leveton, said in a statement. “Like most hospitals, we currently have specialized,     security measures in place, both   and electronic, to protect newborns and their mothers. ” Ms. Manigo, somehow, has taken it all in stride so far. And for her, Mom still means Ms. Williams, who is being held at the Jacksonville jail without bond. “When I close my eyes, I see my mother,” she said. “I like that. I love that. ”",0
10526,VW’s U.S. Diesel Settlement Clears Just One Financial Hurdle - The New York Times,"Volkswagen solved one big problem stemming from its diesel emissions deception,  agreeing on Tuesday to pay up to $14. 7 billion to settle claims in the United States. But the final financial toll  —   once the company deals with a long list of fines, lawsuits and criminal investigations around the world  —   may well be far higher. The continuing fallout could leave Volkswagen vulnerable to billions of dollars more in expenses at a time when profit is already under pressure. So far, Volkswagen has set aside 16. 2 billion euros, or about $17. 9 billion, for costs related to its public admission last September that its supposed “clean diesel” cars had been deliberately designed to cheat on   tests. Matthias Müller, Volkswagen’s chief executive, said less than two weeks ago that the amount was adequate. But the American settlement with the government and car owners will consume a big chunk of that money. And Volkswagen faces even more scrutiny in the United States and around the world, most notably as authorities pursue criminal investigations. The Volkswagen scandal is “one of the most flagrant violations of environmental and consumer laws,” Sally Q. Yates, deputy attorney general of the United States, said at a news conference in Washington on Tuesday. “We can’t suck the nitrous oxide out of the air,” Ms. Yates said. But the settlement, she said, would help repair some of the damage. The deal, in which Volkswagen did not admit to wrongdoing, includes $10. 03 billion to buy back affected cars at their prescandal values and pay additional cash compensation to owners. Additionally, the company has agreed to put $2. 7 billion into a government fund to compensate for the environmental impact of the cars and to spend $2 billion on   projects. “This is by no means the last step,” Ms. Yates cautioned. “The settlements do not address any potential criminal liability. ” She said the United States was aggressively pursuing a criminal investigation of the company and individuals. Volkswagen said the settlement was covered by the money already set aside, though it did not rule out the possibility of allocating more. “Today’s announcement is within the scope of our provisions,” Frank Witter, Volkswagen’s chief financial officer, said in a statement. “We are in a position to manage the consequences. ” One big risk to the carmaker is in Europe. The American deal focuses on nearly 500, 000 Volkswagen vehicles. But the carmaker admitted to installing the cheating device on more than 11 million cars worldwide, with 8. 5 million in Europe. European legal systems do not favor consumers as much as those in the United States do. And the emissions rules in the region are more lenient than in the United States, which will make it harder for European owners to pursue claims. Still, Volkswagen may have to pay up. There is an increasing outcry from European owners and politicians for compensation. “Now that this is done, attention should turn to Europe,” said Michael Hausfeld, a lawyer whose firm represents aggrieved owners and shareholders on both sides of the Atlantic. The settlement “is a strong foundation for what Volkswagen needs to do for European owners as well as for the environment. ” In addition, it may not be clear for many months how much Volkswagen will ultimately have to pay to American car owners. A maximum of around $10 billion has been allocated in the settlement. The actual cost to Volkswagen will depend on how many owners exercise their option to sell their cars back to the company at the prescandal value, which will vary according to the age and mileage of the cars. The Federal Trade Commission said consumers could expect to get from roughly $12, 500 for an   Jetta to as much as $44, 000 for a 2014 Audi. The settlement works out to about $21, 000 a car. If Volkswagen is lucky, the total paid to car owners could turn out to be less than $10 billion. Analysts at Kelley Blue Book estimate that the cost of buying back all the offending diesels would be $7. 3 billion. Volkswagen also owes owners additional compensation of $5, 100 to $10, 000, or at least another $2. 4 billion. Another big uncertainty is Volkswagen’s fix for the problem. VW owners can have the company retool the emissions systems. But the company has not yet come up with solutions that pass regulatory muster  —   and it is unclear what they will cost Volkswagen. While they would improve emissions, any fixes might not also make the cars fully compliant with American rules and could create more challenges for already frustrated car owners. George Farquar, a plaintiff named in the consumers’ suit, said he was interested in getting his 2010 Volkswagen Jetta TDI fixed. Mr. Farquar said he had reluctantly continued to drive his Jetta, even though he thinks he “gets nasty looks from every Prius car that passes. ” But he said he worried that the eventual fix would require him to drive to the dealer more frequently for maintenance, defeating the purpose of a cleaner car. Even now, he said, “many things aren’t clear. ” Then there is the issue of what Volkswagen will do with all the cars it buys back from owners in the United States. The settlement bars Volkswagen from simply exporting the cars, without fixes, to countries with   emissions standards. “We are not shipping the air pollution elsewhere,” Gina McCarthy, the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, said on Tuesday, noting that Volkswagen was required to fix the cars that it bought back or scrap them. Volkswagen representatives portrayed the settlement as a good deal for the company under the circumstances. “It would have been counterproductive for Volkswagen to engage in a multiyear,    litigation with the U. S. government, 50 states and private plaintiffs,” said Robert J. Giuffra Jr. a lawyer with the firm Sullivan  Cromwell who represented Volkswagen. But the swell of scrutiny worldwide will only add to the financial pressure.  German prosecutors are looking into whether Volkswagen and top executives, including the former chief executive Martin Winterkorn, waited too long to inform shareholders about the looming scandal. Investors are also suing Volkswagen over similar disclosure issues. Volkswagen faces an inquiry by attorneys general in 42 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Eric T. Schneiderman, the attorney general of New York, one of the states leading the investigation, announced on Tuesday the states’ own settlement with Volkswagen for $500 million in penalties for defrauding consumers. A separate investigation by the state attorneys general into possible environmental misconduct by Volkswagen is continuing. In addition, the criminal investigation of Volkswagen in the United States looms large. Senators Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, both Democrats and members of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, pressed authorities for further action. “We continue to call on the Department of Justice to vigorously pursue its criminal investigation,” they said in a joint statement. “All the facts point to criminal culpability, and officials should be held accountable as appropriate. ” Volkswagen’s credibility with investors, already strained, could deteriorate further if the company is forced to increase the money it has set aside for   costs. Shares of Volkswagen are down more than 20 percent since the scandal erupted late last year. And the deception itself has been a major drag on sales. Never fabulously profitable, the company reported a record loss in 2015, while earnings and sales declined in the first quarter of 2016. Volkswagen is also trying to quell a potential backlash by dealers in the United States. The carmaker is facing a lawsuit filed by the owner of three dealerships, seeking compensation for lost sales suffered by the more than 600 dealers in the United States. Separately, a group of dealers has been trying to work with Volkswagen to win financial support. “As dealers, we are very anxious to get a settlement,” said Wade Walker, owner of a Volkswagen dealership in Montpelier, Vt. “We’re customers, too  —   of Volkswagen  —   and we’ve been hurt in this process, tremendously. ”",0
10527,"Candid Hitler Photos Sell for $41,000 to Unidentified Bidder - The New York Times","A black and white photograph shows Adolf Hitler reading on a deck chair on the veranda of his Bavarian Alps headquarters. In another image, he pauses during a stroll, an easy grin on his face. He looks into the camera, and smiling onlookers look at him. The photographs, chilling in their casual depiction of the murderous dictator, were among dozens of images of Nazi officials in an album that was discovered among the belongings of his companion, Eva Braun, in Hitler’s bunker in Berlin in 1945, according to CT Auctioneers of Britain. The album was found in a drawer in her bedroom. The album was sold at an auction on Wednesday in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Britain, to an unidentified bidder for 34, 000 pounds, or about $41, 000, the auctioneers said. The images could not be republished without permission, but they remained visible on the auction site and in a Reuters video. “Very few significant artifacts liberated from the Fuhrer Bunker in 1945 exist today in the open market, especially with such concrete provenance dating all the way back to the time of liberation,” the auction house said in a statement. Matthew Tredwen, an owner of the auction house, said in a telephone interview that it was not clear who took the photographs, but that the proximity to Hitler, and to other   officials in the Nazi Party including Joseph Goebbels, Hermann Göring and Heinrich Himmler, suggested the person or people behind the camera had trusted access. Braun, a photographer, is credited with other surviving pictures and films of Hitler. “The photographs had to be taken by someone who was very close,” Mr. Tredwen said. “All photographs of Adolf Hitler were very much controlled because obviously they did not want photographs coming out that made him look bad. They would not have been made for the general public. ” There were no signatures in the book to suggest ownership, or the identity of the photographer, he said. He described the bidding as “very competitive,” with telephone bidders from Britain and the United States, as well as interest online from Germany, China, South Africa and other countries. Mr. Tredwen, a specialist of more than a dozen years in military history items, said buyers of Nazi memorabilia were generally historians. “I have never in my life met anyone who shared the political views of the Third Reich,” he said. “They are literally only there to collect. World War II was one of the biggest events to affect the world. ” “People are fascinated by how evil the Third Reich were,” he added. The description of the item online traced its journey from April 1945, when a British Fleet Street photographer, Edward Dean, “obtained” it from a Russian soldier whom he had watched find the album in a drawer in Braun’s bunker bedroom, shortly after the couple committed suicide. The item changed hands several times after Mr. Dean auctioned it. In one photograph, Hitler salutes as he walks toward the camera down a path at his Berghof headquarters in the Bavarian Alps. His guards are also depicted on duty and in relaxed poses in the images, which date mostly from the early to  . Ownership of items related to Nazi history poses ethical questions. Some art collectors have stepped forward to try to find out whether their art was looted from Jews. A replica of a gate that was believed to have been stolen from the Dachau concentration camp in Germany was recovered last year. And an attraction in Berlin that recreates the interior of Hitler’s bunker and opened last year suggests an uncomfortable phenomenon  —   that Hitler sells. Memorials dedicated to preserving the historical context of the Holocaust, in which six million Jews were killed, have often called on collectors or people with personal items from survivors to donate the artifacts. In January, in commemorating the 72nd anniversary of the liberation of the Nazi concentration and death camps at   in Poland, the memorial director, Dr. Piotr M. A. Cywinski, issued a statement calling for donations. “We kindly ask the public to hand over any documents, photos, personal letters, diaries, or other materials that are in private hands,” he said. “I am absolutely convinced that only mutual effort can lead to a fuller understanding of the mechanisms of hatred, and analyses from the perspective of the victims, given the course of events, cannot fully serve the purpose,” he added. “Today, we need new sources for a comprehensive picture of the history of Auschwitz and the Holocaust. ”",0
10528,Flurry of Settlements Over Toxic Mortgages May Save Banks Billions - The New York Times,"European banks have rushed to cut deals with prosecutors over longstanding claims that they pushed toxic mortgage securities in the years before the financial crisis. The payouts are steep: Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse said that they would disgorge nearly $13 billion combined to settle with the United States Justice Department. But with the clock ticking before   Donald J. Trump takes over, there appears to be an eagerness in Washington to conclude cases before a new, potentially more sympathetic, administration begins. As a result, these banks may have benefited from paying billions less than once proposed. The $7. 2 billion settlement with Deutsche Bank was a relief on Friday to its investors, who were rattled when it emerged in September that prosecutors were seeking a penalty of as much as $14 billion. Shares of Deutsche Bank rose as much as 5 percent in Frankfurt, before settling up 0. 8 percent. A smaller player in the   securities market, the British bank Barclays, appears to be willing to take its chances under the administration of Mr. Trump. Barclays said on Thursday that it would “vigorously defend” itself in court against a complaint brought by the Justice Department after settlement talks collapsed. Its shares fell 0. 9 percent in London trading as investors weighed the legal risk. The government says that Barclays, which like Deutsche Bank has significant operations in New York, sold more than $31 billion in mortgage securities that turned out to be “catastrophic failures. ” A decade ago, bundling and structuring mortgages on American homes into securities to be sold to investors around the world was a hugely profitable business for Wall Street banks, American and European. But as risky mortgages began tumbling into default, the securities turned toxic, and the resulting panic led to a global financial crisis in 2008. Holding the banks accountable for that meltdown continues to be debated in political campaigns, books,   articles and movies like “The Big Short. ” The crackdown on banks for those tainted securities was the Obama Justice Department’s biggest and most prominent   legal effort by far. Banks, most of them American, have paid more $100 billion in settlements with the government. Yet the Obama administration has been criticized for allowing banks to write big checks to settle claims and for not prosecuting Wall Street executives. Now, as the end of the administration nears, recent legal setbacks may have emboldened Barclays. (The Swiss bank UBS and the Royal Bank of Scotland remain in settlement talks with the Justice Department.) In May, a federal appeals court overturned a $1. 27 billion penalty against Bank of America over the sale of troubled mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The appeals panel found that prosecutors did not provide sufficient evidence that either the bank’s Countrywide unit or a former Countrywide executive had committed fraud in a loan program known as “the hustle. ” For its fight with the Justice Department, Barclays is bringing in a team of lawyers from Williams  Connolly who represented Bank of America in that case. Barclays will also rely on its usual counsel at Sullivan  Cromwell. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse have been eager to move past their troubled legal legacies and overhaul their respective banks. Credit Suisse said on Friday that it would pay $5. 3 billion over its role in mortgage securities. For Deutsche Bank, a settlement lifts a cloud that had been hanging over the bank, and making it all the more difficult for its leader to break with its past. In recent years, its legal woes have surpassed mortgage securities to include manipulating benchmark interest rates and allegations of Russian money laundering. Since taking over in   John Cryan, Deutsche Bank’s chief executive, has been trying to undo this legacy. But the settlement does not dispel doubts about whether Mr. Cryan can retain membership among the world’s top investment banks. Especially in the United States, Deutsche Bank’s ability to compete with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase is likely to be hampered by the costly settlement. And no institution can call itself a global investment bank without a strong presence on Wall Street. “It’s the most important market for investment banking,” said Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt. “If they want to offer investment banking services globally, they can’t get around the U. S. ” One American tie of Deutsche Bank has drawn attention lately. In a financial disclosure form filed in 2015, Mr. Trump said that the wealth management division of the bank was among the firms that managed his stock investments. His transition team has since said it had sold the  ’s stock holdings. In that same filing, Mr. Trump said that his businesses have loans or mortgages from Deutsche worth as much as $125 million. Some critics have suggested that Mr. Trump’s business and personal dealings with Deutsche Bank could pose a conflict of interest. As for Mr. Cryan, he is trying to pull off several transformations. He has been hacking away at a catalog of charges of wrongdoing and litigation that, in the bank’s most recent quarterly report, required more than eight pages to explain. Other charges include violating international embargoes against countries like Iran and manipulating currency markets. In addition, Mr. Cryan has been trying to infuse the bank with a stronger sense of ethics to avoid future scandals. He also has been shrinking the bank’s assets  —   the sum of its outstanding loans, derivatives and other holdings  —   to reduce its need for capital and meet stricter regulatory requirements. And he has been trying to cut costs and improve efficiency, including laying off thousands of workers and bringing order to the bank’s Balkanized information technology systems. As Deutsche Bank made acquisitions over the years to expand its services, it acquired a variety of computer systems that were never properly integrated. American regulators have criticized Deutsche for not being able to provide information because of antiquated technology. Most important, Mr. Cryan has been trying to convince investors and demoralized employees that Deutsche Bank can find new sources of profit and growth despite its setbacks. Only then can it avoid the fate of European rivals that have slashed their investment banks, like Credit Suisse. Deutsche Bank’s supporters say it still has many strengths. It ranks among the top currency traders. With its operations in Frankfurt and London, the bank could benefit as clients shift financial operations to the Continent because of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. The bank may also be well positioned to take advantage of growth in Europe’s corporate bond markets. Companies in Europe tend to rely on traditional bank loans, but increasingly are turning to debt markets, as is already the case in the United States. Deutsche Bank is a leading issuer of corporate debt. And some clients are wary of the dominance of the big American investment banks and are eager to do business with a European bank instead. But efforts to capitalize on those opportunities are likely to be hampered for years by past errors. “The question is how many risks are still in the pipeline,” Mr. Speich of Union Investment said. “It’s too early to say the worst is over. ”",0
10529,"The Rocky Relationship of Donald Trump and Paul Ryan, a History - The New York Times","Speaker Paul D. Ryan treads a fine line between disavowing some of the Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump’s more inflammatory remarks and disavowing Mr. Trump himself. We mapped out Mr. Ryan’s rhetorical footwork: A statement from Donald Trump’s campaign on barring Muslim immigrants: “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on. ” He added, “Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. ” Mr. Ryan: “This is not conservatism. What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for and, more importantly, it’s not what this country stands for. ” _____ Mr. Ryan, on endorsing Mr. Trump: “I’m just not ready to do that at this point. I’m not there right now. And I hope to, though, and I want to. ” _____ Mr. Ryan, on a   meeting with Mr. Trump: “It was important that we discussed our differences that we have. But it was also important that we discuss the core principles that tie us together. ” _____ Mr. Ryan on when he might give his endorsement:  “I don’t have a timeline in my mind, and I have not made a decision. Nothing has changed from that perspective, and we’re still having productive conversations. ” _____ Mr. Ryan endorses Mr. Trump: “Through these conversations, I feel confident he would help us turn the ideas in this agenda into laws to help improve people’s lives. That’s why I’ll be voting for him this fall. ” _____ Mr. Trump, on a judge of “Mexican heritage” presiding over Trump University cases:  “I’m building a wall. It’s an inherent conflict of interest. ” Mr. Ryan:  “I disavow these comments  —   I regret those comments that he made. Claiming a person can’t do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment. ” But not retracting his endorsement: “I believe that we have more common ground on the policy issues of the day and we have more likelihood of getting our policies enacted with him than with her. ” _____ Mr. Ryan, addressing the Republican National Convention: “Only with Donald Trump and Mike Pence do we have a chance at a better way. ” _____ Mr. Trump, on Khizr Khan’s remarks that he has not sacrificed:  “I think I’ve made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. ” Mr. Trump, on Ghazala Khan: “If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably  —   maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me. ” Mr. Ryan’s spokeswoman, AshLee Strong, after Mr. Khan called on Mr. Ryan to repudiate Mr. Trump:  “The speaker has made clear many times that he rejects this idea, and himself has talked about how Muslim Americans have made the ultimate sacrifice for this country. ” _____ Mr. Ryan, in a statement, on honoring military sacrifice:  “America’s greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it. As I have said on numerous occasions, a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values. I reject it. Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military, and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example. His sacrifice  —   and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan  —   should always be honored. Period. ”",0
10530,Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT&ampT and Time Warner - The New York Times,"A cable and internet provider decides to buy an entertainment conglomerate. The merger is met with skepticism by industry analysts and outrage by consumer groups, who complain that it would thwart competition, create unfair pricing and incite more media consolidation. That was 2009, when the cable giant Comcast announced it would acquire NBC Universal. When the next administration in Washington takes up the $85. 4 billion deal between ATT and Time Warner that was announced on Saturday evening, the Comcast acquisition will be used as the lens to examine the changing media landscape. In the end, the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission approved the acquisition of NBCUniversal, requiring some small management concessions but few divestitures. But ATT and Time Warner will probably face a much sterner test. With a huge wireless business, too, the combination would be a new kind of media juggernaut. Donald J. Trump has already condemned the deal. Campaigning in Gettysburg, Pa. on Saturday, Mr. Trump said he would block it if he were president, “because it’s too much concentration of power in the hands of too few. ” Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, has promised to be tough on corporate megapowers and consolidation. Regardless of who wins next month, the ATT acquisition of Time Warner will be among the biggest and most important regulatory cases to await the next administration. “By standard antitrust metrics, this deal should be O. K. in Washington,” said Paul Gallant, a technology, media and telecommunications policy analyst with Cowen  Company. “But the Democratic Party is moving left, and if Clinton wins, this could become an early test for her ‘tougher on business’ rhetoric. ” ATT will be viewed with particular scrutiny because of the company’s acquisition of DirecTV in July 2015. The deal made ATT the largest   provider in the nation, with more subscribers than Comcast. After a string of telecommunications mergers during the Obama administration, including Charter Communications’ acquisition of Time Warner Cable, which was approved this year, consumer interest groups have complained that there are fewer options for customers to choose from. Those deals were known as “horizontal integration” because similar businesses merged. ATT’s proposed acquisition of Time Warner, however, is considered “vertical” because the two companies largely do not compete against each other but operate on the same supply chain. Still, regulators may look at other ways ATT could affect the media ecosystem if the deal is completed. ATT could make it more expensive for its competitors to gain access to Time Warner’s content or give preferential treatment to its own programming, said John Bergmayer, senior counsel at Public Knowledge, a digital rights advocacy group. The merger would make ATT unmatched in its size and reach to consumers through smartphones, home broadband, satellite television and a broad portfolio of cable channels and movies. For that reason, it may raise more cautionary flags than Comcast’s merger with NBCUniversal, which did not involve a wireless carrier. Many experts in Washington still look unfavorably at the outcome from Comcast and NBCUniversal because the terms of their settlement were too difficult to enforce. “It was an unsuccessful merger from a regulatory point of view,” said Andrew Schwartzman of the Georgetown University Law Center’s Institute for Public Representation. In the case of Comcast, some smaller competitors, particularly programmers that compete with NBC, complained that the company did not fulfill promises it made with the approval by the Justice Department and the F. C. C. The financial information company Bloomberg L. P. complained that Comcast had put its business news channel, which competes with CNBC, in the equivalent of the channel menu hinterlands. Comcast had promised not to discriminate against competing programmers by putting only its own channels in prime locations on the dial next to similar and popular programming. Bloomberg sued Comcast, saying that its channel was put on odd channels, far away from other business news, and that consumers had a hard time reaching it. Consumer advocates said Comcast’s merger with NBCUniversal had not decreased prices or created greater options for consumers. “It’s a massive deal concentrating a huge amount of media power under one corporate umbrella,” said Craig Aaron, president of the consumer advocacy group Free Press. “Consumers benefit when companies have to negotiate and fight with each other. ” In their favor, ATT and Time Warner may avoid a review by the Federal Communications Commission because the deal may not involve the acquisition of television stations. Time Warner owns a station in Atlanta, but could sell the station to avoid a F. C. C. review, which is much broader than the mandatory antitrust review of large mergers by the Justice Department or the Federal Trade Commission. In a blog post on Saturday, Richard Greenfield, an analyst with BTIG, noted that Time Warner recently acquired a 10 percent stake in the streaming television service Hulu, which “is one of the lightning rods that regulators have focused on as an example of Comcast’s bad behavior with NBC. ” “In our view, regulators will fear that ATT will use its distribution footprint to favor Time Warner content vs. third parties,” Mr. Greenfield wrote. Still, any concerns that ATT would treat Time Warner programs like HBO’s “Game of Thrones” or cable networks like CNN favorably, or that it would withhold them from competitors, could be addressed in conditions attached to an approval. Regulators may seek commitments from ATT and Time Warner to make content from HBO available through streaming or through apps, according to Amy Ray, an antitrust partner at Cadwalader, Wickersham  Taft. “I don’t think they would have inked a deal this big if there wasn’t a good possibility of it going through,” Ms. Ray said. “The real question is, will it go through without any sort of remedy or commitment? I’d put that chance very low. ”",0
10531,NSA contractor accused of spying stole real names of US undercover officers,"NSA contractor accused of spying stole real names of US undercover officers   Intel News 
Classified information stolen by a United States federal contractor, who was charged with espionage last month, includes the true identities of American intelligence officers posted in undercover assignments abroad, according to court documents. In August of this year, Harold Thomas Martin III, was arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on charges of stealing government property and illegally removing classified material. Martin, 51, served as a US Navy officer for over a decade, where he acquired a top secret clearance and specialized in cyber security. At the time of his arrest earlier this year, he was working for Booz Allen Hamilton, one of the largest federal contractors in the US. Some media reports said Martin was a member of the National Security Agency’s Office of Tailored Access Operations, described by observers as an elite “hacker army” tasked with conducting offensive cyber espionage against foreign targets. 
Last week, after prosecutors alleged that the information Martin removed from the NSA was the equivalent of 500 million pages, a judge in the US state of Maryland ruled that the accused might flee if he is released on bail. Soon afterwards, Martin’s legal team filed a motion asking the judge to reconsider his decision to deny him bail. That prompted a new filing by the prosecution, which was delivered to the court on Thursday. The document alleges that the information found in Martin’s home and car includes “numerous names” of American intelligence officers who currently “operate under cover outside the US”. The court filing adds that Martin’s removal of the documents from secure government facilities constitutes “a security breach that risks exposure of American intelligence operations” and “could endanger the lives” of undercover intelligence officers and their agents abroad. 
It is alleged that Martin told the FBI he never shared classified information with anyone, and that he removed it from his office at the NSA in order to deepen his expertise on his subject. His legal team argues that Martin suffers from a mental condition that compels him to be a hoarder. But prosecutors for the government argue in court documents that Martin appears to have communicated via the Internet with Russian speakers, and that he was learning Russian at the time of his arrest. The case is expected to be tried later this year.",0
10532,Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton 2016 In Their Own Words,"Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton 2016 In Their Own Words 2016 Election Through the Eyes of Prophecy 
By Dave Robbins 

As we approach the presidential election on November 8, 2016 I don’t think the candidates could be more divided. 

One is pro-life, the other is pro-choice. One is pro-gun, while the other is anti-gun. One believes global warming is a hoax, and the other claims the science is settled. One wants to build a wall, while the other is essentially for opening the borders. One believes in a traditional marriage between one man and one woman, while the other supports same-sex marriage. And the list goes on and on. 

Each of these issues is certainly important and should be considered before making a final decision on who to vote for in November. 

However, for those who follow prophecy, this upcoming election goes beyond that. Knowing that a world government is prophesied for the near future, one area that we are following closely is the ongoing process of globalization. (moving toward a global governing system) 

It is possible that this upcoming election will set the course of the United States of America on a path toward either full involvement or total dissention from this prophesied world government. If everyone understood the prophecies concerning the future global political authority, the entire election would be determined on that issue alone. That is why we chose to devote an entire article to that subject in this magazine. 

And yes, one candidate is vehemently opposed to globalization, while the other supports it in every way. 

Since the next President of the United States will serve at least a four-year term, and quite possibly eight, we thought it would be important to let you see where each candidate stands on the important issues. 

Why? With all the prophecies converging at the same time, it is likely that the next president will be in office during some of the most significant prophetic fulfillments concerning the end time. 

Although there are more technical issues at hand (i.e. taxes, infrastructure, job creation, etc.), these do not necessarily show the character of an individual. That is why we have chosen the more defining topics which let us see the person behind the persona. In our opinion, these are the most critical. 

Therefore, instead of giving you my opinion, I will let the candidates speak for themselves… Abortion 
Trump: Pro-Life 

Are you pro-life? Mr. Trump, “Yes…It’s an issue. I mean it’s an issue, and it’s a strong issue…What I am saying is this: With caveats – life of the mother, incest, rape. That’s where I stand. So, I’m pro-life, but with the caveats. You have to have it with the caveats.” Pregnancy outside of those caveats? Mr. Trump stated, “It depends why?” “I’m, pro-life…very simple, pro-life.” [i] 

“…friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasn’t aborted. And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances. And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.” [ii] 

Clinton: Pro-Choice 

“Politicians have no business interfering with women’s personal health decisions. I will oppose efforts to roll back women’s access to reproductive health care, including Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. As president, I’ll stand up for Planned Parenthood and women’s access to critical health services, including safe, legal abortion,” [iii] 

“The unborn person doesn’t have constitutional rights.” [iv] 

“I believe we need to protect access to safe and legal abortion, not just in principle, but in practice.” [v] Climate Change 
Trump: “It’s a Hoax…” 

On December 30, 2015, Trump told the crowd at a rally in Hilton Head, S.C., “Obama’s talking about all of this with the global warming and…a lot of it’s a hoax. It’s a hoax. I mean, it’s a money-making industry, okay? It’s a hoax, a lot of it.” [vi] 

In an “Energy Policy” speech in North Dakota on May 26, 2016 Trump stated, “…rescind all the job-destroying Obama executive actions including the Climate Action Plan…We’re going to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and stop all payments of U.S. tax dollars to U.N. global warming programs.” [vii] 

“There has been a big push to develop alternative forms of energy–so-called green energy–from renewable sources. That’s a big mistake. To begin with, the whole push for renewable energy is being driven by the wrong motivation, the mistaken belief that global climate change is being caused by carbon emissions. If you don’t buy that–and I don’t–then what we have is really just an expensive way of making the tree-huggers feel good about themselves.” [viii] 

Clinton: The Science is Settled. 

“It’s hard to believe that people running for president refuse to believe the settled science of climate change.” [ix] 

“I believe in science. I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs.” [x] 

“Go talk to a scientist!” she said. “I really am tired of the debate, which is a phony debate. Climate change is real. It is here. It has to be dealt with.” [xi] Gun Control 
Trump: Pro-Gun 

“The Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period…The Second Amendment guarantees a fundamental right that belongs to all law-abiding Americans. The Constitution doesn’t create that right – it ensures that the government can’t take it away. Our Founding Fathers knew, and our Supreme Court has upheld, that the Second Amendment’s purpose is to guarantee our right to defend ourselves and our families. This is about self-defense, plain and simple…It’s been said that the Second Amendment is America’s first freedom. That’s because the Right to Keep and Bear Arms protects all our other rights. We are the only country in the world that has a Second Amendment.” [xii] 

Clinton: Anti-Gun 

George Stephanopoulos asked, “Do you believe that an individual’s right to bear arms is a constitutional right; that it’s not linked to service in a militia?” Mrs. Clinton replied, “I think that for most of our history there was a nuanced reading of the Second Amendment until the decision by the late Justice (Antonin) Scalia. And there was no argument until then that localities and states and the federal government had a right – as we do with every amendment – to impose reasonable regulations. So I believe we can have common-sense gun safety measures consistent with the Second Amendment…But I’m going to continue to speak out for comprehensive background checks; closing the gun show loophole; closing the online loophole; closing the so-called Charleston loophole; reversing the bill that Sen. (Bernie) Sanders voted for and I voted against, giving immunity from liability to gun makers and sellers. I think all of that can and should be done, and it is, in my view, consistent with the Constitution.” [xiii] 

“When it comes to guns, we have just too many guns,” Clinton said. “On the streets, in our homes, in our neighborhoods.” [xiv] 

“I am not here to make promises I can’t keep. I am here to tell you I will use every single minute of every day, if I am so fortunate enough to be your president, looking for ways that we can save lives, that we can change the gun culture…It is just too easy for people to reach for a gun to settle their problems. It makes no sense.” [xv] 

“I was proud when my husband took [the National Rifle Association] on, and we were able to ban assault weapons, but he had to put a sunset on so, 10 years later, of course [President George W.] Bush wouldn’t agree to reinstate them…We’ve got to go after this…And here again, the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I get.” [xvi] 

“I don’t know enough details to tell you how we would do it or how it would work, but certainly the Australia example is worth looking at,” Clinton said at a New Hampshire town hall…The Australian program reduced the number of firearms in circulation by implementing a gun buy-back plan for citizens. [xvii] Immigration 
Trump: “I will Build a Great, Great Wall…” 

“You cannot have…illegal immigration. You don’t have a country if you have that…As has been stated continuously in the press, people are pouring across our borders unabated. Public reports routinely state great amounts of crime are being committed by illegal immigrants. This must be stopped and it must be stopped now.” [xviii] 

“I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.” [xix] 

Mr. Trump responded to a question on mass deportation: “No, I would not call it mass deportations…We’re going to do it (deport illegals) in a very humane fashion. Believe me. I have a bigger heart than you do. We’re going to do it in a very humane fashion…I want terrorists out. I want people that have bad thoughts out. I would limit specific terrorist countries, and we know who those terrorist countries are.” [xx] 

Clinton: “We will not Build a Wall.” 

“We will not build a wall. Instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good paying job can get one. And we’ll build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy…I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out.” [xxi] 

“In 2003, I sponsored the DREAMER (sic) Act. I sponsored I think in every Congress after that. I have been consistent and committed to comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.” [xxii] 

Mrs. Clinton made this statement concerning Syrian refugees: “We’re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more…I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 (incoming refugees) and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.” [xxiii] 

“I would stop (deportations) of the undocumented (illegal) people living in our country,” Clinton responded. “I do not want to see them deported…I want to see them on a path to citizenship. That’s exactly what I will do.” [xxiv] 

“You can count on me to defend President Obama’s executive actions on DACA and DAPA when I am president,” Clinton said, referring to Obama’s 2012 (DACA) and 2014 (DAPA) executive amnesties, which gave work permits and access to federal benefits to millions of illegal immigrants. [xxv] Obamacare 
Trump: “…Repeal and Replace Obamacare…” 

Speaking at the Iowa Freedom Summit in January 2015, Mr. Trump stated, “Someone has to repeal and replace Obamacare… (Obamacare is) a total catastrophe. It kicks in in 2016 and it will be a disaster. People are closing shops. Doctors are quitting the business. I have a friend who was a doctor and he says he has more accountants than patients. He needs that because it is complicated and terrible.” [xxvi] 

“We are going to repeal Obamacare. We are going to replace Obamacare with something so much better.” [xxvii] 

Clinton: “I will Defend the Affordable Care Act…” 

“I will defend the Affordable Care Act, but as president I want to go further…I want to strengthen the Affordable Care Act.” [xxviii] 

“You know, before it was called Obamacare it was called Hillarycare…”I am a staunch supporter of President Obama’s principal accomplishment, namely the Affordable Care Act.” [xxix] 

Concerning Obamacare for illegal immigrants: “There are two steps here. If someone can afford to pay for an insurance policy off the exchanges that were set up under the Affordable Care Act, I support that. If they can afford it, they should be able to go into the marketplace and buy it. However, it is not going to apply to people who are in need of subsidies in order to afford that…What I do want to see is that we have more options for undocumented (illegal) people to be able to get the health care they need…It’s not only the right and moral thing to do for them. It’s also important that we keep ourselves healthy, and public health requires that. So I see this as a two-step process.” [xxx] Warrantless Surveillance/Database 
Trump: Bulk Data Collection is Fine 

Mr. Trump said that he would be “fine” with restoring provisions of the Patriot Act to allow for the bulk data collection. “As far as I’m concerned, that would be fine,” Trump said. [xxxi] 

Mr. Trump also told the Daily Signal , “I support legislation which allows the NSA to hold the bulk metadata. For oversight, I propose that a court, which is available any time on any day, is created to issue individual rulings on when this metadata can be accessed.” [xxxii] 

Clinton: Does not Regret Her Vote on Patriot Act 

Concerning plans for expanded online surveillance of potential extremist attackers: “We already know we need more resources for this fight. The professionals who keep us safe would be the first to say we need better intelligence to discover and disrupt terrorist plots before they can be carried out…That’s why I’ve proposed an ‘intelligence surge’ to bolster our capabilities across the board, with appropriate safeguards here at home.” [xxxiii] 

During the Democratic Presidential debate on October 13, 2015 Anderson Cooper asked: “Governor Chafee, you and Hillary Clinton both voted for the Patriot Act which created the NSA surveillance program. You’ve emphasized civil liberties, privacy during your campaign…Secretary Clinton, do you regret your vote on the Patriot Act?” 

Clinton replied, “No, I don’t. I think that it was necessary to make sure that we were able after 9/11 to put in place the security that we needed. And it is true that it did require that there be a process. What happened, however, is that the Bush administration began to chip away at that process. And I began to speak out about their use of warrantless surveillance and the other behavior that they engaged in. We always have to keep the balance of civil liberties, privacy and security. It’s not easy in a democracy, but we have to keep it in mind.” [xxxiv] 

“Well, the NSA has to act lawfully. And we as a country have to decide what the rules are. And then we have to make it absolutely clear that we’re going to hold them accountable. What we had because of post-9/11 legislation was a lot more flexibility than I think people really understood, and was not explained to them.” [xxxv] Real ID/National ID",0
10533,Democracy Now Standing Rock Special,"Democracy Now Standing Rock Special Share on Facebook Tweet Part 1 - Unlicensed #DAPL Guards Attacked Water Protectors with Dogs & Pepper Spray Many across the United States are celebrating this Thanksgiving holiday. But many for Native Americans observe it as a National Day of Mourning, marking the genocide against their communities and the theft of their land. We spend the hour looking at the standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota—the struggle... read more 
Part 1 - Unlicensed #DAPL Guards Attacked Water Protectors with Dogs & Pepper Spray 
Many across the United States are celebrating this Thanksgiving holiday. But many for Native Americans observe it as a National Day of Mourning, marking the genocide against their communities and the theft of their land. We spend the hour looking at the standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota—the struggle against the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline that has galvanized the largest resistance movement of Native Americans in decades. The movement has largely been ignored on this year’s presidential campaign trail and by the national corporate media. But Democracy Now! has been covering the standoff closely. We begin with our report from North Dakota Labor Day weekend. It was Saturday, September 3, when unlicensed Dakota Access security guards attacked water protectors trying to defend a sacred tribal burial site from destruction. - 13mins 
Part 2 - Standing Rock Special: Historian Says Dakota Access Co. Attack Came on Anniv. of Whitestone Massacre 
While reporting from the standoff at Standing Rock in September, Democracy Now! sat down with Standing Rock Sioux tribal historian LaDonna Brave Bull Allard to speak about another attack against her tribe—this one on the same day 153 years before. On September 3, 1863, the U.S. Army massacred more than 300 members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in what became known as the Whitestone massacre. LaDonna Brave Bull Allard is not only the tribal historian, she’s also one of the founders of the Sacred Stone Camp, launched on her land April 1, 2016, to resist the Dakota Access pipeline. - 7mins 
Part 3 - Dakota Excess Pipeline? Media & Water Protectors Face Strip Searches, Jail 
Today we’re revisiting Democracy Now! reports on the ongoing standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota, where thousands of Native American water defenders are resisting the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline, over concerns a pipeline leak could contaminate the Missouri River, which provides water for millions of people. Their resistance has been met by increasing repression by hundreds of police officers from North Dakota and surrounding states, as well as by unlicensed pipeline security guards, who unleashed dogs and pepper spray against Native American protectors on September 3. Five days after the Democracy Now! report on the attack went viral, Morton County issued an arrest warrant for Amy Goodman. The original charge against her was criminal trespass. Yet, on Friday, October 14, after Democracy Now! returned to North Dakota to challenge the charges and to continue covering the resistance to the Dakota Access pipeline, we learned that the state’s attorney, Ladd Erickson, had dropped the criminal trespass charge for lack of evidence, but had filed a new charge: riot. We feature part of our live broadcast from outside the Morton County Courthouse on the morning of October 17 as we waited to see whether Judge John Grinsteiner would approve the new riot charge, and speak with Tara Houska, national campaigns director for Honor the Earth, and with Anishinaabe activist Winona LaDuke, co-founder of Honor the Earth. - 21mins 
Part 4 - Dallas Goldtooth on Police Violence & Repression of Movement Against DAPL 
We continue our look back at Democracy Now!'s coverage of the ongoing standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota, where thousands of Native American water defenders are resisting the construction of the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline. In recent months, the repression against the water protectors—and journalists covering the movement—has continued to intensify. The state of North Dakota has approved $10 million to police the ongoing protest, and Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier has called in hundreds of deputies from neighboring states. North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple has also activated the National Guard. Riot police with military-grade equipment have attacked the Native American protectors with pepper spray, tear gas, bean bag rounds, rubber bullets and sound cannons called LRADs—that's a long-range acoustic device. Water protectors also report near-constant surveillance from police planes and helicopters. Over 400 people have been arrested during the ongoing protests, and many report being subjected to strip searches while in the Morton County jail in North Dakota. On October 31, we spoke with Dakota and Dine activist Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Network about a violent police raid on a frontline camp established at the site of the same sacred tribal burial ground where unlicensed Dakota Access security guards attacked Native Americans with dogs and pepper spray on September 3. - 14mins [watch video below]",0
10535,Physical Gold Demand and Fear,"Physical Gold Demand and Fear Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Physical Gold Demand and Fear 
These two factors are clearly in play today as the metals move higher in a surge we’ve been expecting since late last week. However, these gains might just as quickly be reversed so there are a few indicators you’d better be watching… 

From Craig Hemke, TFMetals : As mentioned in the title of this post, both physical demand and fear seem to be driving price today. How can we measure physical demand? Sometimes it shows up as a lack of overnight “London Monkey” trading. As prices were firming last week, we noticed this phenomena occurring again: http://www.tfmetalsreport.com/blog/7941/some-possible-encouragement And now look at the action overnight (earlier today) in London: Don’t ask me to quantify this because I can’t. This is pure conjecture based upon learned experience. As I’ve followed this stuff daily for nearly seven years now, I’ve noticed a clear correlation between London demand and the London Monkey daily price smash. And this clearly correlates with price trend. So, when The London Monkeys stand down…as they have more than half the time the past two weeks…this tells me that demand for physical is strong on London and, consequently, you can expect price to rise in New York, too. Also affecting things today is fear. This is the fear that Donald Trump is going to be the next president of The United States…I guess. Why this is such a “fear”, I don’t know. Perhaps, instead, a better word is “uncertainty”. The gold price is anticipating the uncertainty that a Trump victory would bring. Either way, when you get a 14-point turnaround in a major national poll just one week before the election, the effect is rather startling. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/01/post-abc-tracking-poll-clinton-falls-behind-trump-in-enthusiasm-but-has-edge-in-early-voting/ And it’s not just the metals. We’ve been tracking the impending breakout and surge in Bitcoin, too, and it’s up 3% today and back through $700. Since the previous breakouts on this weekly chart added 40% or so to the Bitcoin price, I’d say your next target is likely near $1000. Turning to the metals…Just yesterday, we discussed the likelihood of a surge higher. Prices had found support at/near the respective 200-day MAs and, with copper surging higher, we thought that a move like we’re seeing today was coming. And while this is all very nice, well and good, we really haven’t accomplished anything significant until prices move back above the 50-day moving averages. Yes, silver never closed below its 200-day and gold is now more than 1% back above its own 200-day…BUT…if you want to reverse the recent downtrend and get the hot, momo-chasing Spec HFT algo money to come charging back into the synthetic paper gold derivative, then you need this move to extend up, to and through the 50-day. For the sake of clarity, the charts below show nothing but the location of the 50-day MA for both the Dec16 gold and Dec16 silver. THESE ARE THE KEY LEVELS TO WATCH. A move through and close above these levels should excite the algos and drive price even higher. So, watch them both very closely and be sure to note the sharp down angle of both, too. This makes the pressure to jump to and through even greater. Two other key indicators we’re going to be sure to keep watching are copper and the HUI. Copper is up another 1% as I type. This is the 7th consecutive up day and I have a last of $2.222. The HUI is also higher but not as much as you might hope/expect. I’ve got it at 218 and up about 5.5 points. What should you be watching? Let’s get copper to continue higher and move up and out of this pennant AND let’s get the HUI back above 220. Both of these would help spur the metals even higher, too. There’s a lot more going on but I think I’ll stop here so that we can get this posted for everyone. TF",0
10536,Watch: Jack Sparrow Returns in ’Pirates of the Caribbean 5’ Trailer - Breitbart,"Johnny Depp is back as the swashbuckling Jack Sparrow in the first full trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, the fifth installment in the Pirates franchise due out this May. [The film’s synopsis, courtesy of Disney:  Thrust into an   adventure, a     Captain Jack Sparrow finds the winds of   blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost pirates led by his old nemesis, the terrifying Captain Salazar, escape from the Devil’s Triangle, determined to kill every pirate at sea  …     including him. Captain Jack’s only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, a powerful artifact that bestows upon its possessor total control over the seas. In addition to Depp, Pirates 5 stars Javier Bardem as the villainous Captain Salazar, Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa, Brenton Thwaites, Stephen Graham and Orlando Bloom returning as Will Turner in his first appearance in the franchise since 2007’s At World’s End. Dead Men Tell No Tales is directed by Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg (  Bandidas) off of a script from Jeff Nathanson (Tower Heist, The Terminal). The film hits theaters May 26. Watch the first full trailer above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
10537,Russia’s Most Potent Weapon: Rapidly “Hoarding Gold” As Global Currency War Is Upon Us,"
This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
Editor’s Comment: He who holds the gold makes the rules? Fresh attempts at containing Russia and continuing the empire have been met with countermoves. Russia appears to be building strength in every way. Putin and his country have no intention of being under the American thumb, and are developing rapid resistance as the U.S. petrodollar loses its grip and China, Russia and the East shift into new currencies and shifting world order. 
What lies ahead? It will be a strong hand for the countries that have the most significant backing in gold and hard assets; and China and Russia have positioned themselves very well. Prepare for a changing economic landscape, and one in which self-reliance might be all we have. 
Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies 
by Jay Syrmopoulos
With all eyes on Russia’s unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the “SATAN” missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow’s most potent “weapon” may be something drastically different.
The rapidly evolving geopolitical “weapon” brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia’s native currency, the ruble.
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think.
image: http://thefreethoughtproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/bankofrussia-e1475520013798.png 

The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia’s national currency.
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally.
After the failed “reset” in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance.
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn’t solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank).
According to the Corbett Report :
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led “resistance bloc” breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led “Washington Consensus.”
For those who don’t know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system’s near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network.
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns.
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book “Currency Wars,” wrote that “Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.” Rickards believes a “strong turnaround” is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble.
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation’s central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website:
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run.
In layman’s terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are “an integral part of the state policy” in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia’s military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade.
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015:

Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia’s state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia’s state holdings of gold tripled.
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings
According to the Business Insider :
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold’s Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada.
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick’s massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada.
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It’s clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country’s gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States.
Rickards, in his 2011 book “Currency Wars,” theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it’s likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold.
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider.
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF’s gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes.
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it’s weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm.
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it’s printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a “weapon.”
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
It’s not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the “rights” of corporations over that of people .
This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project . ",0
10538,Comment on Mass Fish Deaths: Millions Have Been Found Dead All Over The World In The Past Month by Whackamole,"Mass Fish Deaths: Millions Have Been Found Dead All Over The World In The Past Month   May 20th, 2014 
Millions of fish are suddenly dying all over the planet. In fact, there have been dozens of mass fish death events reported in the past month alone. So why is this happening? Why are fish dying in unprecedented numbers all over the world? When more than six tons of fish died in Marina Del Ray over the weekend, it made headlines all over the United States. But the truth is that what just happened off the southern California coast is just the tip of the iceberg. In 2014, mass fish die-offs have pretty much become a daily event globally. Individually, each event could perhaps be dismissed as an anomaly, but as you will see below when they are all put together into one list it truly is rather stunning. So is there a reason why so many fish are dying? Is there something that connects these mass fish death events? Has something about our environment changed? The following are just a few examples of the mass fish death reports that have been coming in day after day from all over the globe… 
*Over the weekend, thousands upon thousands of fish died just off the southern California coastline … 
California Fish and Wildlife workers are still scooping dead sea life from the surface of the harbor Monday after thousands of dead anchovies, stingrays and even an octopus died and floated up over the weekend. 
So far officials have cleaned up 6 tons of dead fish , and they still have a long way to go. 
*The death of approximately 35,000 fish up in Minnesota is being blamed on a “ lack of oxygen “. 
*The recent die off of thousands of fish in the Shark River near Belmar, New Jersey is also being blamed on “ oxygen depletion “. 
*Officials in Menifee, California are still trying to figure out what caused the death of thousands of fish in Menifee Lake a few weeks ago… 
Authorities continued testing the water in Menifee Lake Friday after thousands of dead fish have been seen floating since last weekend. 
Menifee city officials first heard reports Saturday of floating fish at the lake, which is located on private property about a half-mile east of the 215 Freeway. 
*In the Gulf of Mexico, dolphins and sea turtles are dying “ in record numbers “. 
*Maryland officials are still puzzled by the death of 7,000 Atlantic menhaden last month… 
State environmental scientists are investigating the cause of a fish kill that left about 7,000 dead Atlantic menhaden in waters that include the Inner Harbor and Fells Point. 
Jay Apperson, spokesman for the Maryland Department of the Environment, said that biologists went by boat on Tuesday to the area of Monday’s fish kill. He says the area extended from the mouth of the Patapsco River, up the Baltimore Harbor to Fells Point and Fort McHenry. 
*Mass fish die-offs in Lake Champlain up in Vermont are being called “ the new normal ” by government officials. 
*Along the coast of northern California, seals and young sea lions are dying “ in record numbers “. 
*Three months ago, farmers in Singapore lost 160 tons of fish to a mass die-off event. 
*Back in September, approximately 40 kilometers of the Fuhe River in China “ was covered with dead fish “. 
*Also during last September, close to ten tons of dead fish were found floating on a lake near the town of Komotini, Greece . 
The following are some more examples of mass fish death events from just the past several weeks that come from a list compiled on another website … 

17th May 2014 – Masses of fish turn up dead in a marina in Pultneyville, New York, America . Link 
16th May 2014 – Mass die off of fish in a river in Aragatsotn, Armenia . Link 
15th May 2014 – Hundreds of fish dying off ‘due to pollution’ in the wetlands of Rewalsar, India . Link 
14th May 2014 – Thousands of dead fish washing ashore in Cootes Paradise, Hamilton, Canada . Link 
13th May 2014 – Tens of thousands of dead fish wash up along coast of Tasmania, Australia . Link 
12th May 2014 – Mass death of fish in the river Eden ‘is a mystery’ in Cumbria, England . Link 
11th May 2014 – Thousands of dead Puffer Fish, also dead turtles washing up on various beaches in Colombia and Costa Rica . Link and here 
11th May 2014 – Hundreds of dead fish found in a pond is ‘a mystery’ in Southborough, England . Link 
10th May 2014 – Thousands of fish dead due to pollution in spring in Sikkim, India . Link 
9th May 2014 – Die off of Fish ’causes panic’ in the Luda Yana River in Bulgaria . Link 
8th May 2014 – Thousands of dead fish appear in a lake ‘shock residents’ in Mangalore, India . Link 
8th May 2014 – 12 TONS of dead fish removed from lakes in Chisago County, Minnesota, America . Link 
7th May 2014 – Massive die off of fish in reservoirs in Quanzhou, China . Link 
7th May 2014 – Thousands of fish found dead on the shores of Roatan, Honduras . Link 
5th May 2014 – Hundreds of dead fish wash up on a beach ‘a mystery’ in San Antonio Oeste, Argentina . Link 
5th May 2014 – Mass death of fish found in lakes in Almindingen, Denmark . Link 
4th May 2014 – Mass die off of fish in a river in Fujian, China . Link 
3rd May 2014 – 1,000+ dead fish wash ashore along a lake in Ontario, Canada . Link 
2nd May 2014 – 40,000 fish die suddenly in a dam in Piaui, Brazil . Link 
30th April 2014 – Mass fish kill ‘worst I’ve seen in 26 years of working here’ in Iowa, America . Link 
30th April 2014 – Large amount of dead fish found floating along a river in Xiasha District, China . Link 
29th April 2014 – Dozens of sea turtles are washing up dead in South Mississippi, America . Link 
29th April 2014 – Thousands of dead fish washing up along the shores of Lakes in Wisconsin, America . Link 
28th April 2014 – Turtles and other marine life continue to wash up dead in Bari, Italy . Link 
28th April 2014 – Large fish kill found in the Mogi River in Brazil . Link 
25th April 2014 – Large fish kill found in a reservoir in Nanchong, China . Link 
24th April 2014 – Large amount of fish wash up dead along a river in La Chorrera, Panama . Link 
23rd April 2014 – 2 Million fish found dead in a dam in Tehran, Iran . Link 
23rd April 2014 – Mass die off of fish in Island lake in Ontario, Canada . Link 
23rd April 2014 – Thousands of dead fish appear in a lake in Mudanjiang, China . Link 
22nd April 2014 – 1,000 fish found dead in Oona River, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland . Link 
21st April 2014 – Large amounts of fish washing up dead along the Panchganga River in India . Link 
19th April 2014 – MILLIONS of dead fish found floating in Thondamanaru Lagoon, Sri Lanka . Link 

And remember, this list represents events that have happened in just a little over the past month. 
So what is causing all of these mass fish death events? 
Please feel free to share your opinion by posting a comment below… krinks 
Rev 6: The Fourth Seal: Death 7When the Lamb broke the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth living creature saying, “Come.” 8I looked, and behold, an ashen horse; and he who sat on it had the name Death; and Hades was following with him. Authority was given to them over a fourth of the earth, to kill with sword and with famine and with pestilence and by the wild beasts of the earth. MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
Interesting parallel. Obviously we are not at that point yet, but without a doubt lots of death is coming in the future. 
Michael Baby Monster 
Any baby born in the future during the great tribulation, you should kill it. It will bring A curss it you look at it’s face. Thoes are going to be very evil children born then. People Monster 
I hope the human race goes next. People are just to rude and evil. Gay Veteran 
yes, you are a monster highpriestess 
it’s already here The Fisherman 
The Gates of hell might be coming up out of the center of the earth. That might be killing all the fish.Gases are coming up out of hell and killing all the fish. Satan you stay the F in hell where you belong K 
Just remember oxygen deprivation is what they always claim. When they either don’t know, or do not want you to know. Harry Paranockus 
How do turtles and dolphins fit into that scenario? K 
That is in the Gulf of Mexico. Still plenty of chemicals from the oil and corexit there. If the various small oil leaks were ever stopped. The gulf would still need a decade, before I would eat anything out of it. Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
Exactly! I have sworn off anything from the Gulf and because they’re such a large shrimp region, I stopped eating shrimp for the next 15 years. That BP oil spill and the Corexit chemicals they dumped, only destroyed sea life. There is sea life washing up on the shores with all kinds of tumors, never before seen. I’ll pass; growing my own food. K2 
If they say pollution…will you agree with them? K 
Yes, as long as they explain how broad a term pollution can be. Chemical, viral, radioactive. K2 
All those are already considered different kinds of……pollution. K2 
And what makes you think it might not be oxygen deprivation? Joshua Manevitz 
It says in the Talmud that before the Messiah comes that fish will be sought for the sick and none will be found ! The torah’s profound accuracy ! guesto3 
Fish has been and still is the symbol for Christians….they too are being slaughtered all over the world….or threatened in places like the EU, Canada, and U.S.; places in general un-thought of for such in the past. M Gjerdrum 
Really? Could you sound any more stupid! Gay Veteran 
sorry, I only speak English jack nichols 
Death is fleeting let us reframe from sinning. Gay Vet is too gay to understand Virginia Lee 
You’re a complete idiot! Rodster 
The answer is under everyone nose. Does anyone recall all the floating debris floating in the ocean when they went looking for the missing plane? 
It turns out that debris was garbage. Gerald Celente has mentioned this for quite some time now that governments are using the ocean as their underwater garbage dumps. You have all kinds of garbage, probably tens of millions of tons of trash which no doubt includes toxins and chemicals dumped in the ocean floors. Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
Yes you are right, not to mention all the missing oil after the Gulf Oil spill. It didn’t just evaporate like some people want to suggest, which is of course impossible. 
How about fracking in the USA. That’s one reason. Off the coast of Somalia, developed countries have dumped chemical wastes off their coast, creating dead-zones. They’ve been begging us for years but they were considered throw away people. They couldn’t feed their families so they captures ships which entered the region; held them for ransom. Developed countries does this around the world. There was an investigation of the electronic wastes that are collected in the USA for recyclying. 
They’re then dumped in regions in China and off various African coasts. Now that it’s come home to affect us from our own fracking and nuclear wastes, we’re recognizing the problem. DJohn1 
Oxygen deprived fish? Most of the world’s oxygen comes from plants in the oceans. If they are suddenly dying off, we are in big trouble. The entire supply for the planet is in jeopardy. The key here is balance between carbon dioxide and oxygen. If that goes south then all the life on this planet could go with it. Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
How about fracking in the USA. That’s one reason. Off the coast of Somalia, developed countries have dumped chemical wastes off their coast, creating dead-zones. They’ve been begging us for years but they were considered throw away people. They couldn’t feed their families so they captures ships which entered the region; held them for ransom. Developed countries does this around the world. There was an investigation of the electronic wastes that are collected in the USA for recyclying. 
They’re then dumped in regions in China and off various African coasts. Now that it’s come home to affect us from our own fracking and nuclear wastes, we’re recognizing the problem. We can’t blame anyone but corporations. FirstGarden 
The balance of the world’s ecosystems is very delicate. Altho I don’t always agree with the environmentalists, this is one area where I believe they’re correct. 
I have a hard time believing any official reports regarding this underwater holocaust. In fact, there have been many similar reports of birds falling out of the sky, en masse. Probably not at the magnitude of fish, and other water-dwelling creatures. But this problem seems to have no serious precedence in history. Maybe some isolated cases, but nothing like this. (?) 
Oxygen depletion?? Ok, even if that were possible, what causes global oxygen depletion in our waters??? I don’t know about you, but things like nuclear radiation, or heavy chemical dumping comes to mind. Maybe even some secret spent rod-cooling down deep. Who knows. Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
How about fracking in the USA. That’s one reason. Off the coast of Somalia, developed countries have dumped chemical wastes off their coast, creating dead-zones. They’ve been begging us for years but they were considered throw away people. They couldn’t feed their families so they captures ships which entered the region; held them for ransom. Developed countries does this around the world. There was an investigation of the electronic wastes that are collected in the USA for recyclying. 
They’re then dumped in regions in China and off various African coasts. Now that it’s come home to affect us from our own fracking and nuclear wastes, we’re recognizing the problem. 
Oxygen depletion has been happening for awhile. It’s called dead zones when nothing lives in those certain areas; as a result of pollution. Fish die and so do marine plants. marty 
The world will shake us off like a bad case of fleas . Oldphartbsa 
Lessee…we’ve got Fukushima radiation washing through the Pacific, cycling around South America and the Horn. In the Gulf we’ve got hundreds of thousands of tons of corexit and a billion or so gallons of oil sludge and that’s cycling into the Atlantic. Pollution in India and China are so off the scale that we, here in America, would have to personally remember the 60’s to fathom (I was a kid in the 60’s and California Smog was what you see in China today). I don’t know why river systems would be affected other than the water flowing to the oceans is constantly picking up contaminants along the way. (In California it is unsafe to drink from any natural source of water.) Between Fukushima, Corexit and Oil sludge…I think we’ve hit the lotto for the spreading die off. K2 
In many areas sewage from cities and industrial refuse is dumped into rivers. Not just in the states but in many countries. jaxon64 
I believe I can explain some of the river and bay die-offs from “lack of oxygen” Here in the Chesapeake region we are now seeing “dead zones” in the glorious Chesapeake Bay. The cause?.. ETHANOL… Increased demand for ethanol has caused many local farmers to turn away from traditional crops and convert to farming massive amounts of corn. The corn requires large amounts of nitrate additives to the soil. Nitrate run-offs into the rivers, creeks and tributaries have caused large amounts of algae bloom on the surface of the water–underneath, the natural, oxygen producing sea grasses that grow from the floor of the rivers and bay are dying for lack of sunlight. When the O2 producing seagrasses die off-EVERYTHING in the “dead zone” dies off–sort of like a permanent red tide zone. Crabs, fish, skates, oysters, mussles clams…all die in the dead area….these keep growing in the bay as more nitrates from corn growerss get run off into the tributaries. So there is the cause of the biggest problem in the Chesapeake Bay—our government regulations to increase ethanol levels is killing our Bay–one of the most beautiful and unique estuaries of abundant life on the planet.. chris 
It could be bacterial and spread by the wind. It could be many things but the question is what are the government officials with their well equipped microbiological and chemical labs saying it is? Are they not doing any research? Is it really just a case of scooping up the dead fish and not investigating why? jaxon64 
The govt, of course, will blame it on man–then increase his taxes and increase their control and regulation. ( but never actually address the problem) ….OR– option #2–they will place a media ban on mentioning the die-offs and call anyone who is concerned a “conspiracy nut” right wing extremist” or “climate change denier” Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
The government and the EPA has been warning against this for decades. The greedy oil companies and the chemical fertilizer companies have been pushing back. Of course they have their chosen Republican politicians who they pay to block legislation; which would tighten up on the fracking chemicals forced into the ground in their tar sands quest. Reason 
How about radiation from Japan’s disaster. I think that alone could contaminate all the waters of the world. Let’s pressure our govs. to get rid of nuclear energy and learn to do without so many plug in gadgets!!! Adrian Johnson 
Too late ! Nothing done now can undo contamination of the seas from Fukushima’s radiation. Cynical Guy 42 
I find it interesting how in the csmonitor article, one die-off is blamed on a heat wave, while the other is blamed on excessive snow. Question: Heat waves and heavy snow have happened for a very long time. Why are they suddenly causing die-offs? Jørn Andreassen 
  plastic – manmade waste – is to blame. The plastic breaks down to microparticles and enter the gills of every fish in the ocean. Everyone who have thrown plastic in nature is to blame. (The same thing is happening to birds as well. Every bird you find dead will get plastic in their bellies.) RapidRay01 . 
Just more signs of the end times. Come quickly Lord Jesus! U-Betcha 
Minnesota? This is normal, especially in shallow lakes. They all recover quickly, and most often better. The die off of rough fish is beneficial to any lake. Don’t fall for this hype. jaxon64 
Wow, you can refute 1 of the above items on a list of hundreds ( if you go to the full linked website)..and have the deep thought to correlate it as all just “hype”.. Unbelievable…and if you lived in a flood zone you’d probably have water up to your chin saying, ” this is the Mississippi shoreline, we’ve had floods like this before and the water always goes down–telling me to evacuate is a bunch of hype” People like you end up locked in the Superdome when a Hurrican Katrina hits … noname 
U-Betcha should go eat some Japanese sushi. bmr22 
Well all of the other people here sure seem to get it. I get so tired of hearing about some die off or outbreak of disease or other man made disaster and the officials are all left scratching their heads. We dont know what may have caused this we are clueless. We have to study this for another five years before we have an explanation. Well unless you have been living under a rock for the past couple of decades or maybe a brainwashed tv addicted sheeple with no clue as to how nature works and what we have been doing to the earth and our ecosystem the answers is slapping everyone right upside their heads. We have polluted and raped the land we are killing off the bees, butterflies, birds, fish, frogs, and everything else. All of these things work and feed off of each other hence the ecoSYSTEM. You can’t just go around spraying weed killer and insecticide by the millions of tons and not have unexpected results. You can’t raise 100,000 pigs chickens or cows in filth and feed them all gmo corn and antibiotics and expect a good result and a healthy product. Best advice is for all of us who are awake is to grow whatever you can not just so that you can survive the shtf crisis but so that you can eat a healthy diet full of vitamins and natural minerals. The meat you eat can be raised well and healthy and have a good life before it feeds you. We have become way to detached from our food and nature in general turn off the tv go outside grow a garden raise some animals stop supporting the system that is killing us all. B.M. 
Do you think it may have anything to do with the Chemtrails the DOD has been spraying over the air for 40+ years? Gay Veteran 
wow, you mean that dumping millions of tons of pollution into the air, water and land actually leads to disaster? noname 
Don’t be silly. They don’t know why the fish are dying, but it certainly has no connection to any pollutants or possible radiation in the water. “Not even a smidgen” of a connection. Gay Veteran 
r ght M Gjerdrum 
Keep your head in the sand as long as possible. Hide from the truth, that helps a lot. brads 
I know this conversation is 9 months old but I would tend to agree. If we have been polluting for the last 60 years then wouldn’t you have records of mass die offs over the last 50 or so years?? why are ALL of these within the last year or so?? Pollution does not make sense! well, maybe the radiation in the water from Japan.. but if it was the pollution we would have evidence spanning decades and not just the last two years! Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
How about fracking in the USA. That’s one reason. Off the coast of Somalia, developed countries have dumped chemical wastes off their coast, creating dead-zones. They’ve been begging us for years but they were considered throw away people. They couldn’t feed their families so they captures ships which entered the region; held them for ransom. Developed countries does this around the world. There was an investigation of the electronic wastes that are collected in the USA for recyclying. 
They’re then dumped in regions in China and off various African coasts. Now that it’s come home to affect us from our own fracking and nuclear wastes, we’re recognizing the problem. Teri 
You nailed it! Crowline 
Geologists said the earth ‘went bonkers’ in April this year with some very large earthquakes all over starting with Peru’s huge quake. Up until that point there was just the usual although in ‘diverse places’. Perhaps the fish have been shocked to death due to underground tremors, cracks etc being amplified through water. Jason7189 
God said this would happen and it’s commonly believed by many Christians, this is a very end time Prophetic event. 
Hosea 4:3 “Therefore the land will mourn; And everyone who dwells there will waste away With the beasts of the field. And the birds of the air; Even the fish of the sea will be taken away.” 
Zephaniah 1:3 “I will consume man and beast; I will consume the birds of the heavens, The fish of the sea, And the stumbling blocks along with the wicked. I will cut off man from the face of the land,” Says the Lord.” 
Ezekiel 38:20 “So that the fish of the sea, the birds of the heavens, the beasts of the field, all creeping things that creep on the earth, and all men who are on the face of the earth shall shake at My presence. The mountains shall be thrown down, the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.” Dan grizz 
I like what many of you said. Especially what Jaxson64 has said about ethanol. Our corn crops for food is all being denied by that giant food company, I forgot the name…someone think of it…..oh, something Santo! liberals and their ethanol and yet the stupid republicans do nothing. I also wonder if this santo corp. is working with HARRP, and maybe sending electromagnetic pulses beaming off from space to hit parts of the ocean? They talk about how HARRP, controls weather. someone could be doing this but I believe what many of you said. mankind is out of control and is polluting oceans on all 4 corners. I think if the public really knew what was going on…where is greenpeace and other radical lib organizations crying about all the toxins we are dumping into the greatest creation of all time, our oceans? Where are they? you never hear any news network talk about this that goes on behind our noses. It’s terrible Sharon Equality-Now Johnson Mi 
Monsanto has been making deadly chemicals for decades. in your mention of party politics, why do Republicans continue to block bills that reign in Monsanto? TheLulzWarrior 
Test. Bergie 
Yes, oxygen deprived fish. Lakes in Minnesota freeze. Grand Lake MN is very shallow, and we had extremely thick ice this last winter. It does happen! Marco Saba 
Fukushima fall out. Brandon Bowers 
Rev 16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a deadman: and every living soul died in the sea. Faith 
Prophecy,why cant humans stop sinning? stingray 
how old earth? maybe earth time Ashley Law 
Methane – yes I also think methane clusters have been and are continuing to be disturbed. Reason – the massive energy release in March 2011. If you understand what happened and in what order it fits together. It is the reason Germany shut down all of it’s nuclear plants. If interested there is a video in Finnish (English subtitles) that explains much. Claudia 
What is with HAARP and the Chemtrails? May be a answer … Mike Lutterschmidt 
For the last 10 years, there has been numerous signs of drastic changes to our planet. The wide spread of die off occurrences correlates to the short period of time and shines a light on the dark secrets of our corporations and governing bodies. If you really want to know how bad it is, look up “Peek Oil” and see how close we are to serious global changing disasters. There is an evil that has literally consumed our planet. Our government knows that effects of there actions. They pay billions of dollars for the research, however, if it effects the goal of profit, that research is swept under the rug by corrupt politics. Remember the last oil spill? There are regulations to put shut off valves on the pipes for each segment of specified distance to avoid these problems. Just like the code states for residential plumbing. But it would have cost too much and took too much time. So evil took over and we raped our planet. Other significant signs would be the number of natural disasters tripled compared to the previous 10 years. There are 12 times more tornadoes occurring now compared to the last decade. UV rays from the sun have become 25% stronger and there is 20% more acidity in our rainfall. 25 years ago we had over 500 major meat suppliers for distribution. Today, we have three which means we are at the mercy of the governing body to fight off corruption and evil. Yet the number of autistic children has tripled. McDonald’s meat has 40% meat and the rest filler. You think you are buying better meat at the grocery store, but it’s still coming from the same distributor with the same practices. Is it odd that in the last 5th. years the northeast has experienced a dramatic and alarming increase of allergens. This is due to changes in our climate that are just not natural. The world has fallen to gluttony and greed. Think about it, you would like to do something to help stop the destruction and leave our children with a righteous coarse, but you can’t do anything because you have to go to work. You need to make that ridiculous car payment because its just too important for you not to have a nicer car than the neighbors. Oh yea, and you don’t have time because you have fantasy football leagues, and Country Clubs to attend. So you turn your back and worry about you and your life. And our government knows it. You think debt is a choice? It is a control tactic to keep you in line like a sheep because gluttony has been ingrained in our souls and no one is willing to sacrifice their time to take control of our world. If just 50 % of our population protested and did not buy gas until the price was lowered to 2.00, we would let serious results. But you can’t do that, you have to drive the fancy car to the vacation house. It’s time we stood up and said enough. It’s time we form a mob with like purpose and use the power to stop this corrupt destruction of our world. If we organize and pull together as a force, we could stop the dumping in our water, we could stop the additives that are put in our children’s food, we can clean the pharmaceuticals out of our drinking water, and we could perhaps salvage our planet for human kind. Enough is enough, it hasto start now. ThomasW 
This has been happening as long as there have been fish in water… causes are localised and cannot possibly be connected. This artical is silly, its like saying “there were 100 car accidents world wide today, they were all connected but I don’t know why” Dan 
They are a criminal assault on the living. Alive4Jesus 
For fish to die in rivers, lakes, and oceans all over the world in such massive quantities over such a brief time, I suspect it has something to do with new technology—perhaps some type of radio frequency transmission to/from a satellite(s), EMF waves, or a new/different type of chemtrail ingredient. joanr 
New global threat- a third of the fish will die! Gardeners have long been aware that if you water a pot plant with a small amount of green washing up liquid, then the molecules in the washing up liquid bind together to form a seal which excludes the air and keeps the plant hydrated for a longer period, used by those going on holiday. People have been using green washing up liquid for decades, it has been washing down drains and rivers into the ocean. I wrote to the chairman of one of the leading manufacturers of cleaning products with this information some time ago. Are these sudden deaths among the fish stocks anything to do with this I ask? Rauh 
Our solar system has moved below the galactic equator after 2012, things are beginning to happen that we don’t know about. Fukushima is spewing radiation into the Pacific Ocean too, nothing can be done about it. Weather changes all over the world like we’ve never experienced before. It’s a matter of time. M Gjerdrum",0
10539,Rapper Bow Wow Caught Flying Coach after Posting ’Private Jet’ Photo,"American rapper Bow Wow posted images of a private jet on his Instagram account, claiming to be taking a glamorous trip to NYC, but was soon caught out when one fan spotted him flying coach on a commercial flight. [Variety reports that Bow Wow  —   real name Shad Gregory Moss  —   has been ridiculed across social media after he posted a photo of a private car and plane on Instagram, bragging about a glamorous promo trip to New York City. But the    rapper and actor appeared to have not used that plane he instead took a flight on a commercial airline to the city and was noticed by a fan.  Lmfaooooo who’s mans is this @smoss?! pic. twitter.   —   Osama Bin Drinkin’ (@Al_Khee) May 9, 2017,  “Travel day,” Bow Wow captioned the photo posted on Monday. “NYC press run for Growing Up Hip Hop. Lets gooo. I promise to bring yall the hottest show EVER. May 25th on @wetv. ” A reverse image search of the photo the rapper posted shows that the image was taken from the MIA VIP Transportation website, an executive group transportation company from Florida. The rapper’s social media faux pas has led to a new meme called “#bowwowchallenge” in which users post two photos, one displaying s supposed lavish lifestyle and another showing how the user faked the image. One user posted a closeup photo of hotel   liquor bottles with the caption “BBB: Big Bottle Boyz,” then posted a wide angle photo displaying the tiny bottles sitting on a table. BBB: Big Bottle Boyz 💯💯💯#bowwowchallenge pic. twitter.   —   Dub (@DubOnDaBeatz) May 10, 2017,  Another user posted a photo of a sunset on a beach titled “Another day in paradise,” only to zoom out showing that the beach was in fact a photo on a computer screen. Another day in paradise  …    . #bowwowchallenge pic. twitter.   —   Max Sorensen (@MAXinOUT7) May 10, 2017,  Bow Wow has yet to respond to the controversy and is laying low on social media for the time being.   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
10540,Chris Bertish Becomes First to Cross Atlantic by Paddleboard - The New York Times,"As dawn broke over the Caribbean on Thursday, Chris Bertish, bearded and shirtless, paddled toward Antigua’s English Harbour more than three months after leaving Africa, successfully finishing the first crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in a   paddleboard. Bertish, a South African sailor and   surfer, had paddled through the night and was now approaching the island under stormy skies, listening to “Impi” by Johnny Clegg and Juluka. “The sky was really fierce and ominous,” Bertish, 42, said in his first interview after arriving. “But then the sun peeked its way through with this incredible gold and black beaming through the clouds. It was just beautiful, and it was just me in the middle of it. ” He pushed hard over the last three days, covering 125 nautical miles. “The last few days were super intense,” he said, his voice weak and croaky. “It’s just so nice to be on dry land and not to have to worry about all the billions of things that could wrong. ” Bertish left the Agadir Marina in Morocco on  Dec. 6. and planned to make the     passage unsupported and unassisted on a     paddleboard to Florida in four months. He changed course south to Antigua because of low pressure systems and volatile weather, completing the   crossing in 93 days, arriving at 8:32 a. m. local time. Bertish averaged 44 miles a day  —   mostly at night to avoid exposure to the sun  —   and alternated between resting and paddling every two or three hours. He made an estimated two million paddle strokes during the journey. “You can feel very inconsequential at sea,” said Bertish, who won the renowned Mavericks surf contest in Northern California in 2010. “When that happens, you have to tune in and get in sync with what’s around you and go with the flow. “It’s the only thing that’s going to help you survive out there for that amount of time. That said, there were definitely times when I was hanging on by a thread, just trying to keep it together. ” One of those times involved being caught in a storm for days near rocks off the Canary Islands. “The hatch was leaking, and I was running out of water, Bertish said. “I thought I was going to sink. ” During the first five days of the journey, he fought to avoid being blown back to land. And over the final 72 hours, the weather and the difficult angles for the final approach were scary, he said. Then there were the sharks. One charged at his craft, another bumped him in the middle of the night. Neither bit his vessel. Bertish used a $120, 000   watertight craft, which was designed for the crossing by the naval architect Phil Morrison. Bertish could seek shelter from rough weather, sleep and have access to navigational and communications instruments. He could stabilize the vessel when necessary, using anchors and drogues. The craft was also capable of righting itself after capsizing and submerging. In a telephone interview in February from the middle of the Atlantic, he said there had been a string of failures with the craft. “Everything that could possibly have gone wrong, went wrong,” he said last month. “It’s been constant stress. ” But the craft did not sink. He had   12 items that had broken on the craft, and tended to leaks constantly. When he ran out of lubricant for the craft’s moving parts, he improvised with sunscreen. Bertish also endured some medical problems, including a torn rotator cuff. Now back on land, he plans to have surgery. Last year, Nicolas Jarossay of France attempted an Atlantic crossing by paddleboard. He was rescued one night into the journey by a crew that pulled him from the water after his craft capsized.",0
10541,Trump's New Ad Portraying 'Every Mother's Worse Nightmare' is Nothing Short of Chilling,"Share on Twitter The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In a campaign ad for Donald Trump, Laura Wilkerson talks about her horrific experience of her son being doused with gasoline and set on fire by an illegal alien. In the ad called “Laura,” she explains why Hillary Clinton's policies are harmful for America. ",0
10543,Fake News: DHS Secretary Calls WaPo ’John Kelly-Steve Bannon Feud’ a ‘Fantasy Story’ - Breitbart,"There’s still a story buried somewhere in the Washington Post’s February 4 article “Inside the White   Battle Over Trump’s Immigration Order,” but you have to wade through a deep moat of corrections and retractions to reach it. [The Post tried a   hit on White House strategist (and former Breitbart News executive) Steve Bannon, describing a hostile meeting between him and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly that didn’t actually happen.   As the Washington Post’s editors eventually admitted, reporter Josh Rogin went with the same sort of anonymous sourcing that has produced so many Fake News debacles since the election, without contacting the White House to verify the account.  According to the original story, Secretary Kelly wanted to “issue a waiver for lawful permanent residents, a. k. a.   holders, from the seven   countries whose citizens had been banned from entering the United States,” but Bannon “wanted to stop Kelly in his tracks and told him not to issue the order. ” A battle royale supposedly ensued: The disagreement between Bannon and Kelly pitted a political operator against a military disciplinarian. Two administration officials gave the following account of their exchange: Respectfully but firmly, the retired general told Bannon that despite his high position in the White House and close relationship with President Trump, the former Breitbart chief was not in Kelly’s chain of command. If the president wanted Kelly to back off from issuing the waiver, Kelly would have to hear it from the president directly, he told Bannon. It was only a matter of hours before an editorial correction was appended to that paragraph, and acknowledged at the top of the article: White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Kelly and Bannon spoke on Jan. 27 and 29, but denied they had a confrontation over the green card waiver. In an email sent late Saturday, Bannon also denied a confrontation with Kelly and said he had not told him to withhold the waiver. Spicer didn’t merely deny the confrontation he told the Huffington Post it was a “patently false,   story,” and said the Washington Post’s failure to seek White House comment before publishing the article was “unbelievably unprofessional. ” “Prior to publication of this column, The Post sought comment from the Department of Homeland Security but not from the White House. We should have done both. The article has been updated,” editor Fred Hiatt conceded, in a notice that now appears at the top of the piece. “I think we got things wrong in this column. That’s why we published an editor’s note and a correction. I regret getting things wrong. We try really hard not to, but we do make mistakes. And when we make mistakes, we try to correct them and be transparent to the readers what we got wrong,” Hiatt told the Huffington Post. On February 7th, Mediaite quoted Secretary Kelly dismissing the Washington Post piece as a “fantasy story,” and throwing in some harsh words for reporter Josh Rogin. “Every paragraph, every sentence, every word, every space, every comma, every period is wrong. It was a fantasy story,” Kelly told Rep. Kathleen Rice ( ) when she asked if he was worried about pressure from White House political operatives. “This reporter, whoever he is, got it so wrong that’s assuming he’s not making it up,” Kelly added. The Secretary of Homeland Security proceeded to emphasize that “I work for one man. His name is Donald Trump. He has told me one thing: Secure the border. ” The Washington Post article was a lengthy discourse on debates that really are occurring within the Trump administration, over a policy that has generated much debate among the public. It would have worked just fine without the disputed anecdote, but then it would have lacked the “White House political operators bullying Cabinet officials” angle.  (Especially this particular White House political operative, Bannon, having assumed totemic stature among adversarial media, and adversarial media having returned from an   hiatus on the morning of November 9th, 2016.) The Post’s failure to consult the people actually involved in the alleged showdown between Bannon and Kelly is cast in an especially poor light by the speed of the administration’s response to their post. How can reporters and editors justify not even trying to solicit a comment from the White House on an explosive story from anonymous sources? Contrary to Hiatt’s statement to the Huffington Post, his team didn’t “try really hard” not to get this one wrong. Also, as the Huffington Post observed, that little story about the row between Bannon and Kelly zoomed around cyberspace many times before the corrections were made. In the Internet era, it’s more critical than ever to get the story right the first time. Fake News gets thousands of Retweets, while the corrections get hundreds at best.  Isn’t that precisely the point mainstream media apologists made, when they launched their crusade against Fake News from alternative outlets? Didn’t they boast of their superior reporting and editorial standards as vital tools for successfully pursuing the truth in a time of   disinformation? Perhaps the road to recovery could begin with more healthy skepticism toward stories pushed by anonymous sources who might be nursing grudges against the new administration. ",0
10544,"Republicans, Facing Pressure, Delay Hearings for 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Senate Republicans, under increasing pressure to ensure that   Donald J. Trump’s nominees are fully vetted by federal authorities, have delayed the hearings of four potential cabinet members, three of whom have not been cleared by the agency charged with unraveling potential conflicts of interest. As frustrations over confirmations grow, a group that supports Republicans accused the ethics office and its leader  —   in a highly unusual attack on the nonpartisan agency  —   of politicizing a process long viewed by both parties as arduous but essential for anyone serving in government. Hearings for Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s choice to lead the Department of Education Andrew Puzder, his labor secretary nominee and Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, Mr. Trump’s pick to lead the Central Intelligence Agency, have all been pushed back as Democrats clamor for more time to collect and review the standard background checks that nominees traditionally undergo before their hearings commence. Wilbur Ross, Mr. Trump’s pick for secretary of commerce, will also be delayed several days because his ethics agreement is not complete, according to the chairman and ranking Democrat of the commerce committee. The delays represent a stumble for the incoming Trump administration, which has vowed to run government with a businesslike efficiency, and highlights how in several respects its preparation to take office is behind that of predecessors. In the case of Ms. DeVos, a billionaire, a complex web of financial holdings may be slowing down the Office of Government Ethics, which helps federal officials address conflict of interest matters, while Mr. Puzder’s background documents are also not in order. Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office, said in a letter to Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, that he did not know when Ms. DeVos would be cleared by his agency as this was “dependent on the nominee to provide needed information, respond to questions and accept the terms of an ethics agreement. ” Republicans have vowed hearings for as many nominees as possible before Mr. Trump’s inauguration, so that they can be cleared to served immediately, particularly those posts associated with national security. “We will be in a position to confirm a significant number of the president’s nominees on day one,” said the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said Tuesday on the Senate floor, “This new hearing schedule is a very good first step, but we still have a ways to go. ” Mr. Trump’s aides have been pressuring the ethics office to expedite its processes, even though it did not get the necessary paperwork from most of his nominees until recently, putting Republicans in a difficult position of either pushing forward with hearings without proper vetting  —   something most of the chairmen are loath to do  —   or delaying them in some cases indefinitely. “Trump is the latest   to begin the process in contemporary history,” said Paul C. Light, a professor of Public Service at New York University who worked on Capitol Hill as an adviser on transitions. “This puts the Republicans under pressure and sets up possible problems down the road. Mr. Trump is asking the Senate to make up for his own failures here. ” The conservative organization America Rising PAC took aim at Mr. Shaub on Monday, highlighting his “history as a Democrat and the double standard he employed as head” of the agency, highlighting his political donations to President Obama as well as his office’s “utter incompetence” in policing financial matters related to Hillary and Bill Clinton. The PAC chided Mr. Shaub for wading into the politics of the transitions, saying his public comments and criticisms had become fodder for “Congressional Democrats to try and score points. ” The PAC noted an informal  —   and    —   series of postings on Twitter from the office’s official account congratulating Mr. Trump on divesting from his real estate business  —   a move he had not made. “The head of President Obama’s ethics department has absolutely zero credibility to criticize others,” Scott Sloofman, a spokesman for America Rising PAC, said in an email, adding that Mr. Shaub’s “outburst over the weekend reeks of partisan politics from an embittered Democrat still reeling from November’s election result. ” In messages posted to Twitter on Tuesday, the office wrote that it is “Moving quickly!”  —   noting that it had   54 percent of the nominees it has received from the Trump transition team, compared with 29 percent at the same point in 2009. “OGE is expediting reviews of the financial disclosure reports of the  ’s nominees, without sacrificing quality,” the agency said on Twitter. An employment lawyer by trade, Mr. Shaub joined the Office of Government Ethics in 2006, during the administration of George W. Bush, working as a supervisory lawyer. In 2008, he became a deputy general counsel, and then President Obama in 2013 nominated Mr. Shaub as director of the office. Ethics experts who have worked closely with the office and Mr. Shaub said the criticisms of him seemed unfair. “For simply doing his job, director Shaub is now being unfairly attacked,” Norman L. Eisen, a former special counsel for ethics and government reform under Mr. Obama, and Richard W. Painter, the chief White House ethics lawyer to Mr. Bush, said in a joint statement. “It seems that it is open season on ethics in Washington, D. C. Last week the nonpartisan, independent Office of Congressional Ethics was attacked, and now the nonpartisan, independent Office of Government Ethics and its director are being targeted. ” They added, “This attempt to bully and intimidate a hardworking, understaffed agency like O. G. E. must not go unchecked. ” The compliance office work on the transition got off to a cordial and even enthusiastic start during the final months of the campaign, and continued after the election, according to a series of emails between ethics officials and Mr. Trump’s representatives obtained through public records requests by MSNBC and the James Madison Project. “Congratulations on the campaign’s victory,” Mr. Shaub wrote members of Mr. Trump’s transition team on the morning after Election Day, just hours after his victory, adding, “We’re really looking forward to getting down to work on this presidential transition  —   which we’re going to make one of the best in history!”",0
10545,Trump White House Flies POW/MIA Flag on Flag Day - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump honored prisoners of war and soldiers missing in action, flying the   flag above the White House on Wednesday. [The black flag with the silhouette of a soldier by a guard tower and barbed wire honors those soldiers that have not returned from war. The flag was adopted by the National League of Families in 1970.  A White House source cited the 1998 Defense Authorization Act as the reason for the flag placed above the president’s home on Wednesday, as Congress designated Flag Day as a day for the   flag to be displayed. All war memorials, major military installations, the Pentagon, and the Capitol are expected to fly the flag on Flag day.  White House flying the   flag, A post shared by Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) on Jun 14, 2017 at 11:42am PDT,  Trump issued a statement earlier today proclaiming June 14 as Flag Day. “By honoring our flag, we pay due respect to the patriots and heroes who have laid down their lives in defense of the liberty it represents,” he wrote. The president also said he was “blessed” to share his birthday with the national flag. “I am blessed to have shared my birthday with the Star Spangled Banner and the U. S. Army for 71 years now,” his statement read. “Again, on Flag Day, I am deeply grateful to live under the red, white, and blue, and all for which it stands. ”",0
10546,Trump Supporters Plan Protest at CNN Headquarters in Atlanta to Decry Fake News - Breitbart,"Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots is hoping hundreds will gather at the headquarters of CNN in Atlanta on Saturday to protest what its members consider fake news being produced by the giant media corporation. [Specifically, Dooley told Breitbart News that they object to the fake news being put out about President Donald Trump.  “We’re encouraging people to come out and support our president,” said Dooley, one of 22 national   of the Tea Party and   of Main Street Patriots. “And to condemn the extreme biased coverage at CNN. ” Dooley said she hopes the crowd is large enough to surround the building. So far, people from Georgia and neighboring states have signed on to participate, including one man from Pakistan who told Dooley he was having a “fake news”   made for the protest. Dooley said: CNN threw objective journalism out the window once Donald Trump was elected President and have begun to report DNC talking points as news. CNN can no longer claim to be a news organization that reports facts without bias, because they report innuendo with no facts as news with the intent on bringing down a   President. They have simply become an entertainment network not to be taken seriously. “Time for Trump supporters to get active and show the Democrats that we are very passionate about our support of President Trump and we will fight hard to pass his agenda,” the notice of the event states on Main Street Patriots’ website. “Bring your signs and let’s show CNN that we support President Trump and call them out for becoming an arm of the DNC intent on bringing down President Trump with biased coverage and false innuendos,” the invitation on Main Street Patriots’ Facebook page states. Main Street Patriots was   by Ralph King, a Tea Party activist who served as a Trump delegate from Ohio, served as a Presidential Elector from Ohio in the Electoral College, and is the national   of Tea Party for Trump. The protest will take place from 11 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. Saturday at CNN, located at 190 Marietta St. NW, Atlanta, Georgia.",0
10547,Existing Home Sales- Another Reason Why You Should Take the Money and Run,"Existing Home Sales- Another Reason Why You Should Take the Money and Run By Lee Adler.   The Wall Street Journal reported today that existing home sales, “rose in October for the second straight month to a new cyclical high despite rising prices and shrinking inventory, a sign housing demand remains buoyant as the year comes to a close.” The headline was less cautious.  ",0
10548,"Geoengineering Watch Global Alert News, November 19, 2016","geoengineeringwatch.org 
As winter approaches, the climate engineers will further ramp up the chemical ice nucleation assault everywhere they can. The temperature swings are becoming ever more radical and abrupt as weather-makers become increasingly desperate to hide the disintegrating climate from the public until the last possible moment. The paradox is this, every engineered cool-down created by the climate engineers further accelerates the unfolding overall climate implosion. The climate unraveling is a completely nonlinear equation, this fact cannot be overstated. What makes those in power willing to wield their weapons of total decimation? What drives them? Why don't they realize that their own demise is also inevitable if the current course of the human race is not completely and immediately altered? The latest addition of Global Alert News is below. 
Many are frustrated and discouraged by the resistance to the truth they are experiencing from their families and friends. For those that have felt this frustration, know this, many shocking realities will be impossible to hide for much longer. The seeds of awareness you are sowing will very soon be forced to sprout, wait and see. Never give up, our combined efforts matter more than we can yet know or realize. DW This week's GeoengineeringWatch.org outreach booth is at the Oregon Convention Center, Portland, OR, and is shown below. My most sincere and continuing gratitude to the Gemfair exhibition organizers for facilitating and setting up this very effective booth in every week's GemFair location. The schedule for upcoming Gemfair events is HERE . A geoengineeringwatch.org booth will be at all events, thanks to the steadfast support of Gemfair. Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="""" title=""""><abbr title=""""><acronym title=""""><b><blockquote cite=""""><cite><code><del datetime=""""><em><i><q cite=""""><strike><strong> VISITORS",0
10549,Draining The Swamp 2.0: Trump Versus Reagan,"Draining The Swamp 2.0: Trump Versus Reagan By David Stockman.   After nearly three decades of Bubble Finance, Wall Street is populated with stimulus addicts and gamblers, while the financial press has been reduced to a collection of megaphones, stenographers, dopes, parasites, propagandists and webbots. In that milieu, the capacity for critical thinking and historical perspective has not merely been weakened; it has been extinguished entirely.  ",0
10550,Assad: America’s ’Deep State’ – Not Trump – Blew Up Airbase in Syria,"In his lengthy interview with AFP on Thursday, Syrian President Bashar Assad mused that the American “Deep State” was more responsible for pelting his Sharyat airbase with 59 cruise missiles than President Donald Trump. [When the interviewer proposed that the retaliatory missile strike marked a drastic change in Trump’s position on Syria, Assad insisted the U. S. and Syria could still be partners in fighting terrorism, once Trump wrested control of Washington away from the   complex.  “If they are serious in fighting terrorists, we’re going to be partners, and I said not only the United States. Whoever wants to fight the terrorists, we are partners,” said Assad, in the transcript provided by Syria’s SANA news service. “This is basic for us, basic principle, let’s say,” he continued: Actually, what has been proven recently, as I said earlier, that they are hand in glove with those terrorists, the United States and the West, they’re not serious in fighting the terrorists, and yesterday some of their statesmen were defending ISIS. They were saying that ISIS doesn’t have chemical weapons. They are defending ISIS against the Syrian government and the Syrian Army. So, actually, you cannot talk about partnership between us who work against the terrorists and who fight the terrorism and the others who are supporting explicitly the terrorists. Assad said the American missile strike was “the first proof that it’s not about the President of the United States  —   it’s about the regime and the Deep State, or the deep regime in the United States. ” He said the Deep State “is still the same, it doesn’t change. ” “The president is only one of the performers on their theatre, if he wants to be a leader, he cannot, because as some say he wanted to be a leader, Trump wanted to be a leader, but every president there, if he wants to be a real leader, later he’s going to eat his words, swallow his pride if he has pride at all, and make a 180 degree   otherwise he would pay the price politically,” said Assad. Asked if he anticipated another U. S. attack, Assad replied: As long as the United States is being governed by this   complex, the financial companies, banks, and what you call deep regime, and works for the vested interest of those groups, of course. It could happen anytime, anywhere, not only in Syria. Assad lamented that his military could not retaliate against the American ships that fired cruise missiles at Syria but expressed hope the Russians might do it for him. “For us, as a small country, yeah, of course it is, everybody knows that. It’s out of reach. I mean, they can have missiles from another continent. We all know that. They are a great power, we’re not a great power. Talking about the Russians, this is another issue,” he said.",0
10551,NYT: ‘SuperJared Has Taken Flight’,"New York Times columnist Frank Bruni takes aim at Trump’s    and administration     in an   titled “Jared Kushner, Man of Steel. ” [From Bruni’s column:  Why don’t we just stitch him a red cape, put him in spandex, affix a stylized “S” to his chest and be done with it? SuperJared has taken flight. He’s President Trump’s point man with the Chinese, having finalized the details of the big meeting at    later this week. He was Trump’s middleman with the Mexicans not long ago. “A shadow secretary of state,” The Washington Post called Jared Kushner, and that was well before he traveled to Iraq on Monday, beating the actual secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, to one of the most consequential theaters of American foreign policy.   …     Trump’s overreliance on Kushner illustrates the extraordinary premium he places on loyalty. Kushner’s status as a visionary is entirely disputable: His   company was a birthright, not a   and as an article by Charles Bagli in The Times this week demonstrated, one of Kushner’s key acquisitions, the skyscraper at 666 Fifth Avenue, turned into an albatross. But he married Ivanka. He’s family. And he chose the political ambitions of his    over his own previous reputation as a reasonably enlightened man. Read the rest here. ",0
10552,"Chinese City Official Shoots 2 Others and Kills Himself, State Media Says - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   A city official in southwest China unleashed a barrage of gunfire on the city’s mayor and Communist Party secretary during a meeting on Wednesday, injuring them before fleeing and killing himself, the official news media reported. Privately owned guns are rare in China, because of a virtual ban on civilian use, and grisly attacks on officials by colleagues are also uncommon. So rumors of the shooting in Panzhihua, an industrial city in Sichuan Province, rippled quickly across the Chinese internet even before the local authorities confirmed the news. Panzhihua was built as part of Mao’s plans to relocate factories deep inland, where they would be protected from a feared war. But the violence in this isolated site was nonetheless an embarrassing breach of the efforts by China’s president, Xi Jinping, to remake officialdom into a clean, impeccably disciplined bureaucracy. Details were sparse, and there were no clues to the gunman’s motives. But the brief initial report in the state media sketched a scene of the head of the Panzhihua Land and Resources Bureau, Chen Zhongshu, bursting into a meeting at an exhibition center and opening fire on officials there. “The gunman stormed into the meeting, fired repeatedly at the main leading comrades of the city party committee and government and then fled,” said an online report by Sichuan Daily, an official provincial newspaper, citing the Panzhihua government press office. The suspect in the shooting, Mr. Chen, was found dead in the exhibition center. He had taken his own life, the report said without giving details. The mayor, Li Jianqin, and party secretary, Zhang Yan, were wounded and sent to the hospital, but their injuries were not considered   the report said. Mr. Zhang, the party secretary, has worked in Panzhihua since 2006, and the mayor, Mr. Li, has worked there since last year, according to Chinese news reports. Both officials went to meetings and inspection visits with Mr. Chen previously, but there was nothing in the earlier reports to suggest that trouble had been brewing. Photographs on Chinese news websites showed armored vehicles and paramilitary troops massed outside the exhibition center in the aftermath of the violence.",0
10553,Jakarta Riots: What Went Wrong?,"Region: Southeast Asia An enormous rally shook Jakarta on the 4th November. With unusual zeal, between 50 and 100 thousand protesters managed to trash several parts of the capital. Cars were torched; traffic in the center came to a standstill. Police fired teargas canisters at the protesters and water cannons were used. According to the AP, one elderly man died and scores of demonstrators and policemen were injured. These were the biggest demos in recent years. Considering how many profound problems Indonesia is facing, the country is shockingly compliant. Were these protests against the on-going genocide in Papua, where Indonesian forces are massacring the mostly defenseless local population on behalf of Western companies? Or perhaps, were they against the corrupt turbo capitalist regime, which has governed this virtually collapsed nation ever since the 1965 US-sponsored military coup against the progressive President and the father of the Non-Aligned movement, Sukarno? Frankly, none of the above! In Indonesia, the horrors committed in Papua are not discussed publicly at all, and capitalism remains sacred here; even the poorest of the poor are conditioned to revere it. The riots were actually over alleged ‘blasphemy’, and the participants consisted mainly of hard-line Muslim fundamentalists. Lately, religious ‘topics’ are the only ones that are managing to mobilize crowds of ‘outraged’ citizens. So what went wrong this time? Actually, nothing really! As reported by the BBC and others, “Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, a Christian, is the first ethnic Chinese to hold the governor’s post in the capital of the majority Muslim Indonesia.” His nickname is ‘Ahok’, he is extremely popular, and he is one of the very few Indonesian politicians who are determinedly cracking down on corruption while introducing various social programs for the poor. Most Indonesian hardcore Islamists are extreme-right wingers. They regularly attack and disperse even the most ‘benign’ political gatherings where the introduction of free medical care and other social benefits are shyly suggested and discussed. To them, everything social stinks of ‘Communism’, and Communism has been banned here ever since the 1965/66 Suharto bloodlettings. The religious rightwing cannot win politically; therefore it regularly plants seeds of disinformation and chaos. “Ahok said, during a meeting with voters, that there are those who are misleading the population, while using verses of the Holy Koran,” explained Ms. Ira Muslim, a Jakarta-based engineer. “They say that people should not vote for Ahok, because the Koran says that Muslims are not supposed to have a non-Muslim, kafir, as a leader. Nine days later, a man called Buni Yani, edited the official video into a much short version. He omitted several words in the transcript, and the document totally changed its meaning, reading that Muslims are actually deceived by the Koran itself.” Mr. Buni Yani (interestingly a graduate of Ohio University, Southeast Asian Studies) later admitted his deed, which should have closed the matter. But it didn’t. The demands of Ahok’s opponents soon ranged from dragging him to the courts, and to directly murdering him. Several preachers demanded Ahok’s blood, despite the fact that the two largest Muslim organizations in the country ordered their members to stay home and not to join the protests. Professor Isna Wijayani, a lecturer at Bina Darma University in Palembang, explained: “I personally like the way Ahok works. As for those ‘religious statements’, controversy could have been easily resolved if things would have been openly discussed. But Indonesian mass media does not want people to stay calm; it ignites dangerous passions. Anyway, even if Ahok would be guilty of blasphemy, things could have been resolved within the legal framework, not by trashing the capital city.” Most Indonesian linguists agree that there was no trace of blasphemy in the original discourse by the Governor of Jakarta. Ms. Yeyen Maryani from the Ministry of Education and Culture publicly stated it, and so did many others. For now, the riots are over, but the anti-Ahok activists demand that decisive legal action is taken within two weeks, “or else”! * Who is behind this embarrassing mess? Surely it is not just some bunch of religious fanatics. In Indonesia, things are never that simple! Mr. Agus Suhartono shared with me his belief that there are clear signs of the involvement from the highest ranks of the Indonesian political ‘elites’: “The situation in Indonesia is now very dangerous. SBY [Susilo Banbang Yudhoyono, former President of Indonesia, a retired general] has been using his leverage to stir up the conflict at any cost. Ahok incident is just the tip of the iceberg. I am afraid that the real problem is much bigger than that.” Most likely it is: SBY’s son is now running against ‘Ahok’ for the post of Governor of Jakarta. “What do they really want?” Ms. Susy Nataliwati, a researcher of Japanese Studies at the University of Indonesia, asked this rhetorical question: “It appears that they want Ahok to be disqualified from running for his second term in office”. While the Western mass media is only talking about the blasphemy case and the radical Islamist groups, the true issues are much bigger: corrupt, right wing, pro-Western and pro-business elites of Indonesia are jealously guarding their ruling position in this already plundered and devastated archipelago. There is still plenty of booty above and below the surface! After 1965, money and ‘control’ over people is all that matters. Is this the final assault against Ahok, or just a warning? The current President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo (nicknamed “Jokowi”), began his political career as a ‘pro-people reformist’, but after he encountered determined hostility, even menace, from the true rulers of this country, he lost his courage and briskly converted himself into a spineless ‘centrist’. And how does Islamic extremism fit into all this mayhem? For decades it was actually only a tool of the corrupt generals and extreme right wing market fundamentalists, many of whom were not even Muslims. Andre Vltchek is philosopher, filmmaker, investigative journalist and writer who has recently finished his new novel Aurora , especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”",0
10554,Forced Medication in Prison: Suicides From Injections of Psych Drugs Go Unnoticed,"By Cassius Kamarampi (Era of Wisdom) In 2008, a man named Michael Heston hung himself in incarceration at Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minnesota, after being forced to endure injections of... ",0
10555,Comment on Bombshell Study Exposes Frightening Facts About Anti-Depressant Drugs & Pharmaceutical Companies by JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $72 MILLION IN CANCER CASE CAUSED BY BABY POWDER – Ahileo,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter The title of this article might give you the impression that my aim is to frighten you. I assure you it is not. The realities of the pharmaceutical industry are admittedly difficult to swallow, but this is important information given the fact that so many people are taking anti-depressant drugs. While these details may be disturbing, especially if you or someone you know takes anti-depressant drugs, it is important to move past the fear of information and really look at what has happened with the modern day medical industry and the pharmaceutical stranglehold that plagues it today.   “The medical profession is being bought by the pharmaceutical industry, not only in terms of the practice of medicine, but also in terms of teaching and research. The academic institutions of this country are allowing themselves to be the paid agents of the pharmaceutical industry. I think it’s disgraceful.” – ( source )( source ) Arnold Seymour Relman (1923-2014), Harvard Professor of Medicine and Former Editor-in-Chief of the New England Medical Journal The most recent example of this kind of corruption comes from a study that was published last week in the British Medical Journal by researchers at the Nordic Cochrane Center in Copenhagen. The study showed that pharmaceutical companies were not disclosing all information regarding the results of their drug trials. Researchers looked at documents from 70 different double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) and serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRI) and found that the full extent of serious harm in clinical study reports went unreported. These are the reports sent to major health authorities like the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Tamang Sharma, a PhD student at Cochrane and lead author of the study, said: 
We found that a lot of the appendices were often only available upon request to the authorities, and the authorities had never requested them. I’m actually kind of scared about how bad the actual situation would be if we had the complete data. ( source ) Joanna Moncrieff, a psychiatrist and researcher at University College London, elaborates:   
[This study] confirms that the full degree of harm of antidepressants is not reported. They are not reported in the published literature, we know that – and it appears that they are not properly reported in clinical study reports that go to the regulators and from the basis of decisions about licensing. ( source ) Peter Gotzsche, a clinician researcher at Cochrane and the co-author of the study, actually tried to gain access to clinical trial reports almost a decade ago for anti-obesity pills. Unfortunately, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) denied them the reports: 
They talked about commercial confidentiality although there was absolutely nothing in these reports that was commercially confidential. We explained that all this secrecy actually cost human lives, but they weren’t interested in that at all. ( source ) It took years of requests and complaints for this to happen and, while Gotzsche is pleased they were able to achieve this breakthrough, he reminds us that similar progress has yet to made in the United States. He went on to state that researchers need better access to data from clinical trials to conduct assessments unimpeded by industry influence: 
It’s deeply unethical when patients volunteer to benefit science and then we let drug companies decide that we cannot get access to the raw data. The testing of drugs should be a public enterprise. ( source ) Moncrieff (quoted above) then goes on to express further concerns: 
We really don’t have good enough evidence that antidepressants are effective and we have increasing evidence that they can be harmful. So we need to go into reverse and stop this increasing trend of prescribing [them]. ( source ) This Is Not The First Time This is not the first time that pharmaceutical companies have been caught manipulating science in order to get antidepressants onto the shelves. It was only a couple of months ago that an independent review found that the commonly prescribed antidepressant drug Paxil (paroxetine) is not safe for teenagers, even though a large amount of literature had already suggested this previously. The 2001 drug trial that took place, funded by GlaxoSmithKline, found that these drugs were completely safe, and used that ‘science’ to market Paxil as safe for teenagers. John Ioannidis, an epidemiologist at Stanford University School of Medicine and co-author of the study, is also the author of the most widely accessed article in the history of the Public Library of Science (PLoS), titled Why Most Published Research Findings Are False . In the report, he states that “most current published research findings are false.” And this was more than 10 years ago — the situation has undeniably worsened in the interim. This echoes the words of Dr. Richard Horton, the current Editor-In-Chief of one of the most reputable reviewed medical journals in the world: 
The case against science is straightforward: much of the scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue. Afflicted by studies with small sample sizes, tiny effects, invalid exploratory analyses, and flagrant conflicts of interest, together with an obsession for pursuing fashionable trends of dubious importance, science has taken a turn towards darkness. ( source ) The Editor in Chief of the New England Medical journal, which is also considered to be one of the best in the world, has made similar assertions: 
It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgement of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. ( source ) A couple of years ago, Lucia Tomljenovic, a PhD in biochemistry and a senior postdoctoral fellow in UBC’s Faculty of Medicine, uncovered documents that reveal vaccine manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies, and health authorities have known about multiple dangers associated with vaccines but chose to withhold them from the public. The documents were obtained from the UK Department of Health (DH) and the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunization (JCVI), who advise the Secretaries of State for Health in the UK about diseases preventable through immunizations. The JCVI made “continuous efforts to withhold critical data on severe adverse reactions and contraindications to vaccinations to both parents and health practitioners in order to reach overall vaccination rates.” She goes on to explain that, The transcripts of the JCBI meetings also show that some of the Committee members had extensive ties to pharmaceutical companies and that the JCVI frequently co-operated with vaccine manufactures on the strategies aimed at boosting vaccine uptake. Some of the meetings at which such controversial items were discussed were not intended to be publicly available, as the transcripts were only released later, through the Freedom of Information Act (FOI). These particular meetings are denoted in the transcripts as “commercial in confidence,” and reveal a clear and disturbing lack of transparency, as some of the information was removed from the text (i.e., the names of the participants) prior to transcript release under the FOI section at the JCVI website. ( source ) Below is a clip taken from the One More Girl documentary, a film which looks at the Gardasil vaccine, a medicine designed to prevent Human Papillomavirus. In it, Dr. Peter Rost, MD, a former vice president of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world (Pfizer), shares the truth about the ties between the medical and pharmaceutical industry. Rost is a former vice president of Pfizer, and a whistleblower of the entire pharmaceutical industry in general. He is the author of The Whistleblower, Confessions of a Healthcare Hitman . Considering his work experience, it would be an understatement to say that he is an insider expert on big pharma marketing. It’s time to re-think current medical research and look at the bigger picture. Related CE Article:",0
10556,"Slain San Antonio Detective Was Targeted, Police Chief Says - The New York Times","A San Antonio police detective who was shot to death while sitting in a squad car was apparently killed just for being on the force, the city’s police chief said on Monday, a day after the detective and three officers were shot in separate episodes around the country. There was no apparent link among the killing of Detective Benjamin Marconi and the three other shootings, in which officers were wounded, and officials cautioned that many questions about the shootings remain unanswered. But they added to the sense of a profession under siege, coming after a series of killings in which officers were singled out. “I feel we were targeted,” said the San Antonio police chief, William McManus. “I think the uniform was the target, and the first person who happened along was the target. ” Late Monday, Chief McManus said that Otis Tyrone McCain, 31, had been arrested without incident after the car he was in was stopped on Interstate 10. In July, a gunman killed five police officers and wounded nine other people in Dallas, and days later, another gunman killed three officers and wounded three others in Baton Rouge, La. Both gunmen were killed by the police, but they first made clear that they were angry about police killings of black men. This month, in the Des Moines area, two officers were gunned down in their patrol cars, and the police arrested a man who had been described as having a hatred of law enforcement. Sunday’s shootings prompted strong reactions on social media, including some posts calling the episodes part of a war on law enforcement, or blaming people who have criticized the police over a string of highly publicized deaths at the hands of officers. Violence against the police dropped to 31 officers fatally shot (aside from accidents) in the line of duty in 2013, from a high of 144 in 1973, according to records kept by Officer Down Memorial Page, a nonprofit group that tracks such episodes. Last year, there were 39. But so far in 2016, there have been 58 killings  —   a pace that would make this the worst year since 2011. “People are reacting to this phenomenon of police being specifically targeted, which we saw some of in the ’70s, but we haven’t seen it recently,” said Geoffrey P. Alpert, a professor of criminology and criminal justice at the University of South Carolina. “It’s hard to do community policing when you don’t know if somebody’s going to take you out. ” Detective Marconi, who was 50, had stopped a driver near Police Headquarters and was sitting in his car writing a ticket when a person unconnected to the traffic stop walked up and shot him at close range. The Police Department later showed reporters surveillance video of an unidentified person, taken a few hours earlier, at the front entrance of the police building. The video shows a young man pacing and speaking into an intercom. The doors open and he enters, then he leaves seconds later. “He talked to the clerk at the desk,” Chief McManus said at a news conference. “He asked a question, and the clerk said that they would help him with that, and he said, ‘Never mind,’ and walked out. ” “I don’t know why he was in headquarters,” he added. “There’s several motives we’re looking at. ” The chief would not say what the man had asked, or why he was considered a suspect, but he said the dashboard camera in Detective Marconi’s car had provided important evidence. On Sunday evening in St. Louis, a car pulled up alongside a police S. U. V. and shot the sergeant at the wheel. The sergeant, 46, whose name was not released, was hit twice in the face but was expected to survive, officials said. The gunman was a suspect in a recent crime spree  —   robberies, a carjacking and possibly a homicide  —   said the city’s police chief, D. Samuel Dotson III, “and when he saw the officer, he became concerned that he would be recognized, and we believe he fired at the officer for that reason. ” “He was targeted because he was a police officer,” Mayor Francis Slay said. “This tells you how dangerous of a job it is. ” A few hours after the shooting, officers caught up with the man, who was a passenger in a friend’s car. Chief Dotson said the man had jumped out of the car and run, and shot at pursuing officers, who returned fire, killing him. The gunman was identified as George P. Bush III, 19. A similar shooting took place in Gladstone, Mo. near Kansas City, when an officer stopped a car and a passenger ran away. Shots were fired, the passenger died, and the officer was wounded. Neither person’s name was released. In Sanibel, Fla. Officer Jarred Ciccone was wounded in a   shooting while sitting in his patrol car. The officer, who was hit in the shoulder, was treated at a hospital and released. A short time later, the police exchanged gunfire with a suspect  —   Jon W. Hay, 49  —   and arrested him. Officials declined to discuss a possible motive, but Mr. Hay had a history of making complaints to the police that he was a victim of various crimes  —   stalking, fraud, attempted burglary, computer hacking and sexual abuse, among others.",0
10557,Obama Just Blasted FBI Director For Smearing Hillary To Help Trump,"President Obama weighed in on the right-wing efforts to revive the Hillary Clinton “email scandal” witch hunt by publicly chastising his own appointed FBI Director, James Comey, for the FBI’s unnecessary decision to inform Congress that they had found new emails that may be “pertinent.” 
The President reiterated his determination to not be seen as “meddling” in the case , but rightfully criticized Comey for stirring up undue controversy over pure speculation on emails that were neither sent nor received by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. 
“Setting aside the particulars of this case, I know that [Hillary Clinton] is somebody who has always looked out for the interests of America and the American people first, and I do think that there is a norm that when there are investigations, we don’t operate on innuendo, we don’t operate on incomplete information, we don’t operate on leaks, we operate based on concrete decisions that are made. 
When this was investigated thoroughly the last time, the conclusion of the FBI, the conclusion of the Justice Department, the conclusion of repeated congressional investigations was that, you know, she had made some mistakes, but that there wasn’t anything there that was, you know, prosecutable.” 
The president hit the nail right on the head. This “investigation” is over and done with; for Comey to throw fuel on the fire of right-wing paranoia this close to the election cannot be seen as anything but a partisan effort to derail the campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, especially after it became clear that Comey tried to suppress news of the investigation into Republican nominee Donald Trump’s ties to the Russian Federation – a much more serious and potentially seditious allegation. 
Watch the President speak here: ‘We don’t operate on innuendo’ — President Obama discusses Hillary, emails, and the FBI in an exclusive interview with NowThis pic.twitter.com/0J6tJyEYSh",0
10558,The war on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is illegally occupied,"The war on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is illegally occupied By Ramzy Baroud 
Did Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi actually read the full text of the UNESCO resolution on Palestine and Israel, before he raved with anger ? 
“I think this is a mistaken, inconceivable resolution,” he said. 
“It is not possible to continue with these resolutions at the UN and UNESCO that aim to attack Israel. It is shocking and I have ordered that we stop taking this position (his country’s abstention) even if it means diverging from the position taken by the rest of Europe,” he added. 
Renzi, who became prime minister in 2014 at the relatively young age of 39 knows exactly how the game is played. In order to win favor with Washington, he must first please Tel Aviv. 
His country has abstained from the October 12 vote on a resolution that condemns Israel’s violations of the cultural and legal status of Occupied East Jerusalem. This decision has ignited the ire of Israeli Ambassador to Rome Ofer Zaks who riled up the Jewish community in Italy to protest the abstention. Renzi, in turn, was converted into a champion of the ‘Temple Mount,’ the name Israel uses to describe the Palestinian Muslim holy site. 
Renzi cravenly went on damage control mode without truly understanding the nature of the resolution, which merely condemned Israel’s obvious violations of international law, and only calls for Israel to respect the status of Palestinian culture in the occupied city. 
None of procedures that led to the vote on the UNESCO’s resolution —voted by 24–6, with 26 abstentions—violated protocol, nor was any of the wording inconsistent with international law. In fact, UNESCO was merely doing its job: attempting to protect and preserve the historical and cultural heritage of the world. 
Jerusalem is a sacred and a holy city to a majority of humanity, simply because it is significant to the spiritual wellbeing of the adherents of the three monotheistic religions. In fact, the resolution stated so : “Affirming the importance of the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls for the three monotheistic religions . . .” 
Renzi’s outburst is quite disappointing, to say the least, for the young, eager politician simply tried to score cheap political points with Israel—thus the United States—without a full, or even partial comprehension of what the UNESCO resolution resolved. Nor did he seem aware of the fact that such text is largely a repeat of what has been discussed by the world’s leading cultural organization in April, and repeatedly before that date. 
“If anyone wants to say something about Israel, let them say it, but they should not use UNESCO . . . To say that the Jews have no links to Jerusalem is like saying the sun creates darkness,” he said, paraphrasing the sentiment displayed by the Israeli Prime Minister. 
It would be rather sad if Renzi sees a mentor in Benjamin Netanyahu, for the latter is one of the least liked world leaders who has made a mockery of international forums and derided the United Nations itself as anti-Semitic and its process as ‘theater of the absurd.’ 
This is what Netanyahu had said in response to the resolution and shortly before he suspended his country’s membership in UNESCO. Using a language that is as amusing as his cartoon depiction of the Iranian nuclear bomb in his famous UN spectacle in 2012, he said: “To say that Israel has no connection to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall is like saying that China has no connection to the Great Wall of China or that Egypt has no connection to the Pyramids.” 
Other Israeli officials followed suit with a chorus of denunciations, included Israeli President Reuven Rivilin, who described the decision as an “embarrassment” for UNESCO. Culture Minister, Miri Regev, cut to the chase, by labeling the resolution “shameful and anti-Semitic.” 
In fact, it was neither. 
In addition to Renzi’s odd reaction, the United States and other Western governments reacted with exaggerated anger, again without even addressing the situation on the ground, which prompted the resolution—and numerous other UN resolutions in the past—in the first place. 
Even the Czech parliament jumped on board , voting to condemn what they described as a “hateful, anti-Israel’ sentiment.” 
I have read the resolution repeatedly to pinpoint the specific text that could possibly be understood by Israel’s friends as hateful, to no avail. The entirety of the text was based on past international conventions, resolutions, international law, and refers to Israel as the Occupying Power, as per the diktat of the Geneva Conventions. 
The Italian, Czech, American anger is, of course, misdirected and is largely political theater. 
But, of course, there is an important context that they refuse to address. 
Israel is working diligently to appropriate Muslim and Christian heritage in East Jerusalem, a city that is designated by international law as illegally occupied. 
The Israeli army and police have restricted the movement of Palestinian worshipers and is excavating under the foundation of the third holiest Muslim shrine, Haram al-Sharif, in search of a mythological Temple. 
In the process of doing so, numerous Palestinians, trying to defend their mosque from the attacks staged by Israeli occupation forces and extremist Jewish groups, have been killed. 
How is UNESCO to react to this? 
The resolution merely, ‘called on Israel’ to “allow for the restoration of the historic status quo that prevailed until September 2000, under which the Jordanian Awqaf (Religious Foundation) Department exercised exclusive authority on Al-Aqṣa Mosque/Al-Ḥaram Al-Sharif.” 
Moreover, it ‘stressed,’ the “urgent need of the implementation of the UNESCO reactive monitoring mission to the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls.” 
Where is the ‘hate’ and ‘anti-Semitism’ in that? 
Israel’s anger is, of course, fathomable. For nearly fifty years, following the illegal occupation and annexation of the Palestinian Arab city, Israel has done everything it could possibly do to strip the city of its universal appeal and Arab heritage, and make it exclusive to Jews only—thus the slogan of Jerusalem being Israel’s ‘eternal and undivided capital.’ 
Israel is angry because, after five decades of ceaseless efforts, neither UNESCO nor other UN institutions will accept Israel’s practices and designations. In 2011, following the admission of ‘Palestine’ as a member state, Israel ranted and raved as well, resulting in the US cutting off funding to UNESCO. 
The latest resolution indicates 
Since its establishment atop Palestinian towns and village, Israel has been on a mission to rename everything Arabic with Hebrew alternatives 
Dr. Ramzy Baroud has been writing about the Middle East for over 20 years. He is an internationally-syndicated columnist, a media consultant, an author of several books and the founder of PalestineChronicle.com. His books include “Searching Jenin,” “The Second Palestinian Intifada” and his latest “My Father Was a Freedom Fighter: Gaza’s Untold Story.” His website is www.ramzybaroud.net This entry was posted in Commentary  ",0
10559,Comment on NY Times: Trump Supporters are Threatening a ‘Violent Revolution’ if Hillary Wins by Richard Johnson,"The propaganda popsicle stand that is The New York Times is floating the idea that Trump supporters are calling for a new American Revolution if Hillary wins. 
But beneath the cheering, a new emotion is taking hold among some Trump supporters as they grapple with reports predicting that he will lose the election: a dark fear about what will happen if their candidate is denied the White House. Some worry that they will be forgotten, along with their concerns and frustrations. Others believe the nation may be headed for violent conflict. 
Jared Halbrook, 25, of Green Bay, Wis., said that if Mr. Trump lost to Hillary Clinton, which he worried would happen through a stolen election, it could lead to “another Revolutionary War.” 
“People are going to march on the capitols,” said Mr. Halbrook, who works at a call center. “They’re going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.” 
“If push comes to shove,” he added, and Mrs. Clinton “has to go by any means necessary, it will be done.” 
What’s ominous about this level of programming is that we know the system is already gearing up for this possibility with an election military drill that could go live at any time until a month after the election, as previously reported: 
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
It appears that the system is gearing up to handle outbreaks of violence, chaotic rallies and poll stations, and the possibility that the people of the United States may become very dissatisfied with the outcome by using military force and martial law. 
The drill could, of course, go live at any time; Homeland Security and the military are prepared to contend with a period of unrest, and restore order to a divided and broken country – regardless of whether people like their new leader or not. 
As you know, DHS is already monitoring this election and prepared to take over its ‘critical infrastructure’. The scope of this drill would, of course, take things much further: 
Hi Guys, 
I got some gouge from a former military colleague who is in contact with active duty personnel and he received an email about an upcoming drill. We need confirmation on this, but if we put it out there we might get a leaker to come forward and confirm: 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed. 
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for “Martial Law”. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario. 
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
If the Powers That Shouldn’t Be are planning to steal this election for Hillary as hard as it appears they are , then it makes sense they’d be planning to try and clean up their mess afterward. 
Either way, the people have about reached their limit and are sick and tired of this level of corruption coming out of this government… and we know what happened the last time America finally got fed up with a tyrannical government. Piper writes for The Daily Sheeple . There’s a lot of B.S. out there. Someone has to write about it. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
10560,WATCH: The moment police realised homeless man was bombing suspect,"I cannot believe this ahole has been released?? Duuhhh?? WTFrick? however he has since been released on a $5.2 million bail. The video at fist seems to capture the seemingly standard conversation between New Jersey police and a homeless man seeking shelter on a rainy day. The officers were responding to reports that a man was sleeping on the steps of Merdie's Tavern, unaware they were talking to Ahmad Rahimi. Rahimi is alleged to have injured 31 people when he detonated two bombs in New York and New Jersey last month. Moments after the conversation began Rahimi opened fire at Linden Police officer Peter Hammer and four other officers who had been called as backup. No one was killed in the shoot-out which followed, but everyone was injured, including Rahimi. The fugitive had given police the alias Ahman Khan and said he did not have any identification when pressed by officers.",0
10561,Shopify Erased Our Store From The Internet While I Was Fulfilling 55 Orders,"  Shopify Erased Our Store From The Internet While I Was Fulfilling 55 Orders Shopify Erased Our Store From The Internet While I Was Fulfilling 55 Orders November 15, 2016 Work & Money 
To launch a Return Of Kings t-shirt shop, I decided to go with Shopify because of how much easier it is to launch than a self-hosted store. I signed up with them, paid for one year of service, and did a pre-launch with a small group of readers, which resulted in 55 orders. As I began fulfilling them, Shopify pulled the plug on the entire store without warning, both the public storefront and the administrative backend with all our data. 
Because of Shopify’s decision, my customers couldn’t access their order status, I had no way of informing them of what happened, and I couldn’t fulfill remaining orders. They put both me and 55 individuals in the lurch for no legitamate reason, forcing me to threaten legal action in order to get enough information to complete fulfillment of all orders. The Backstory 
There are many open source solutions for hosting a web store. The problem with them is that it takes extra time to create the store and maintain it, compared to services like Shopify, Squarespace, Bigcommerce, Magento, and others. To get the ROK store up and running as quickly as possible, I picked Shopify because of their competitive prices, not knowing that I was in for a far greater price down the road. 
After I set up the store, featuring photos of yours truly in our first t-shirt, I collected email addresses of those who were most interested with participating in the pre-launch. I sent this group an email announcing the store and 55 of them took action, ordering a t-shirt or two. The shirt in question 
During this time, I received an email from a Shopify risk analyst by the name of Justin. He asked me to send in identification, which I was happy to do, and then asked me for more information: 
Thanks for signing up with Shopify Payments and providing your ID. 
In order to complete this initial review and ensure payments continue to be sent to your account we would need a little bit more information. 
If you could send me any documentation you may have to validate the business that would be great. Examples would be a business bank statement, business license or business registration documents. 
Could you also confirm where you’re primarily operating your business from? 
I sent in my business incorporation documents, my IRS employer number designation, a recent bank statement (from my US-based bank), and a note of how I often travel through Eastern Europe, but that my business, bank accounts, and tax status all reside in the United States. In spite of that, Shopify unjustly classified me as a foreign business and gave me no means to dispute it. 
Unfortunately, Shopify Payments is currently only available to companies that are based in Australia, Canada, United Kingdom and the United States, so we are not able to help with payments for your site right now. It’s frustrating for us to have to turn down good businesses, but we need to make sure we’re abiding by both US and international regulations. This means that any successful charges you have will be transferred to you on schedule, but you won’t be able to use Shopify Payments to accept any further payments. […] 
Despite the information provided, our payment processing partner needs to ensure that the shops are based, operating from and have a substantial presence in the United States. 
Ultimately, their decision is final and we must respect it. 
According to the United States Federal Government and the IRS, my company is American and liable to pay American taxes, but to Shopify, I’m not an American business. The repercussion from this was that I couldn’t use Shopify’s own payment system (Shopify Payments) and had to pay a 2% extra commision on all orders, but this wasn’t a huge setback since there were many other payment options. I stayed the course because I wanted to do an on-time opening for my readers. I could always change stores later when it was convenient for me. The Disaster 
I have a worker based in the United States who maintains the shirt inventory and is charge of shipping them out. He printed most of the shipping labels for the first batch of orders and got ready for shipment. Before he was finished, I tried to log into the admin area of the store to monitor his progress and saw this: 
The public storefront was also taken down. There was no longer any way for me to know who my customers were and what they ordered. I couldn’t even send them an email. I then received this from Justin: 
Hello, 
I’m afraid that after reviewing your information and website we believe your business presents a level of risk for customer disputes that we will be unable to support on Shopify. 
We will transfer your existing payments to you, but will be unable to accept any additional payments on your behalf from Shopify Payments. 
I’m sorry we won’t be able to help with your business. 
Regards, 
Justin 
After I read this email, I was absolutely livid. I’ve been doing business on the internet for over fifteen years, and have never had a situation where a company pulled the rug out from under me and my customers in a way that I would personally classify as fraud. 
They allowed me to take 55 orders, begin processing them, and then removed all access so I could not complete fulfillment. Imagine if you bought a shirt from me and then tried to access the store to see the status of your order. You would have no way to know what’s going on and would probably think that I took your money and ran. Shopify created a situation of unneeded worry for 55 individuals while directly hurting my reputation as if I’m running some sort a scam operation. The Phone Call To Support 
I called support and got on the line with a Level 1 support tech. I told him the situation as calmly as I could. His response: send an email reply to Justin. This was unacceptable because politely complying with him through email beforehand had only resulted in the deletion of my entire store without warning. I demanded to speak with someone from the risk department but the support tech told me there was no way to patch me through since he was working remotely. I was not calling Shopify’s main office but someone sitting in the middle of nowhere in his pajamas. 
I also told the support tech that there was no further information asked of me, that this was a unilateral closing of my shop while I was in the middle of fulfillment. If Shopify is so worried about fraud, why would they leave 55 individuals in a position where they would believe they got defrauded and start initiating chargebacks with their credit card companies? I had no choice but to threaten legal action. I told the support tech that if Shopify doesn’t give me a way to complete these 55 orders, I would pursue all legal means as a response to what I saw as fraud. 
The support tech put me on hold. After a few minutes of chatting with the risk team, he said that they have given him permission to send me a CSV file of all my orders. I decided that this was enough to satisfy the 55 individuals who purchased from me, but it still didn’t allow me an easyway to process exchanges or refunds if one of my customers was unsatisfied with the shirt. 
Before ending the call with the support tech, I told him to relay to Justin and his team that they have created so much ill will by the way they have treated me that I will ensure that everyone knows exactly what they did, not just to me but also to my customers, who had an unfortunate experience because of their e-commerce platform. 
Using the CSV file I received, I was able to contact my customers to let them know of the situation and complete fulfillment. Many of them have already received their t-shirts in the mail. The Lesson 
Shopify has every right to choose who to do business with, and I would not be particularly upset if they said I have to go elsewhere after fulfilling open orders , but the way they removed all access from my store is absolutely reprehensible and the stuff of nightmares for a business owner. No owner wants to wake up one day and find that everything is gone with no way to contact his customers. I have never been treated so poorly by an American internet business before, and I’m confident that any business who treats people in this way won’t be in business for long. 
Maybe my situation was special, as I am often abroad, but Shopify operates as if its customers are not even allowed to take a vacation out of the country. If you log in from a certain IP address pool, their algorithms go crazy and here comes Justin to hit the delete button on your store with one click. 
Whatever the reason, it’s important for existing and potential Shopify customers to know that it doesn’t take much for them to shut you down at any moment and for any cause. They will take all your information and prevent you from contacting customers or fulfilling orders. Your only recourse to receive your data is to threaten legal action, and that may be no guarantee of success. If any of my friends ask me about which web store platform to use, I will strongly warn them against Shopify. 
As for the ROK store, I’ve decided to try the open source method. Hopefully we will be ready for orders again within two months. Nov 15, 2016 Roosh Valizadeh",0
10562,"130,000 Americans demand to forbid Soros manipulate elections","130,000 Americans demand to forbid Soros manipulate elections 08.11.2016 More than 129,000 Americans have already signed petition on the website of the White House, demanding to meet in emergency session to deprive George Soros of possibility to influence presidential elections. Information that Lord Malloch-Brown, Director General of a company which produces election technology and voting machine, has close partnership relations with global fraudster and speculator George Soros, occurred in the US media in mid-October. And it was the last straw for the Americans. It's also confirmed implicitly by the fact that Soros himself has stood for Hillary Clinton many times. A famous financier of colour revolutions makes everything possible not to let Donald Trump come to power, as the latter has claimed several times that in case he won, he would cease policy of 'implanting democracy' in other countries. Taking into account sorrowful experience of the Soros' structures in the post-Soviet countries as well as those in the Central and Eastern Europe, these relations really allow to seriously suspect the financier and sponsor of colour revolutions of attempts to influence unbiased will of the American citizens. There has been no reaction to the petition so far, however Administration of the US president has been caught several times in deleting 'unwanted' petitions and signatures. Pravda.Ru",0
10563,IT’S ABOUT TIME: Maryland School Official Declares End To Student Trump Protests With No Consequences – American Lookout,"IT’S ABOUT TIME: Maryland School Official Declares End To Student Trump Protests With No Consequences shares Facebook 
Students at a Maryland high school staged a walkout to protest the election of Trump on Monday. They ended up blocking a highway in the process, which is incredibly dangerous. 
One school official has now said enough is enough. Students who try to protest during school time will suffer consequences. Better late than never, right? 
Conservative Review reports: 
Party’s over, kids: MD school official declares end to consequence-free Trump protests 
A Maryland school official is finally promising disciplinary action for students who protest during school hours after student-led anti-Trump protests turned violent Wednesday morning in Rockville, Md. 
Montgomery County Public Schools Superintendent Jack Smith is “asking and expecting all students to remain in school and participate in the daily educational program as intended,” WTOP in Washington, D.C., reports. Students that refuse to attend class “may be subjected to the regular disciplinary actions that align with whatever infraction is involved.” 
Earlier this week, hundreds of students from Richard Montgomery High School carried signs reading “Love Trumps Hate” and made their way to the local courthouse chanting in protest of Donald Trump’s election. During the protest, a 15-year-old boy wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat was attacked by four students, unprovoked. (Just the latest incident nationwide.) 
Hopefully, other schools will follow suit. 
When did this become acceptable for schoolchildren in the first place? ",0
10564,"SOMEONE IS PRACTICING FOR A ‘GLOBAL BLACKOUT’ OF THE INTERNET, EXPERT SAYS","Home › SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY | US NEWS › SOMEONE IS PRACTICING FOR A ‘GLOBAL BLACKOUT’ OF THE INTERNET, EXPERT SAYS SOMEONE IS PRACTICING FOR A ‘GLOBAL BLACKOUT’ OF THE INTERNET, EXPERT SAYS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] The cyberattack that disrupted a number of major websites including Amazon, PayPal, Twitter and Netflix on Oct. 21 certainly was no accident. In fact, a renowned security guru thinks someone is learning how to take down the Internet. 
That expert predicted several weeks earlier that it would happen. 
“Over the past year or two, someone has been probing the defenses of the companies that run critical pieces of the Internet,” Bruce Schneier wrote on September 13. “These probes take the form of precisely calibrated attacks designed to determine exactly how well these companies can defend themselves, and what would be required to take them down.” 
Internet infrastructure companies noticed a big upswing in attacks in recent months, Schneier wrote. Those attacks, in fact, were similar to the one that knocked out the company Dyn, which provides critical services to Amazon and the other companies that went down. On Oct. 21, hackers launched a massive distributed denial of service (DDOS) attack on Dyn, overwhelming the system and causing it to crash. 
“If you want to take a network off the Internet, the easiest way to do it is with a distributed denial-of-service attack (DDoS),” Schneier wrote on his blog and at LawFareBlog.com. “… Basically it means blasting so much data at the site that it’s overwhelmed. These attacks are not new: hackers do this to sites they don’t like, and criminals have done it as a method of extortion. There is an entire industry, with an arsenal of technologies, devoted to DDoS defense. But largely it’s a matter of bandwidth. If the attacker has a bigger fire hose of data than the defender has, the attacker wins.” Post navigation",0
10565,NYPD Source: Weiner Laptop Has Enough Evidence “to Put Hillary ... Away for Life”,"Email 
Sex crimes with children, child exploitation, money laundering, perjury, and pay to play, reads the partial list of crimes that, claim New York City Police Department sources, could “put Hillary and her crew away for life.” 
Shocking evidence of such criminality has been found on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop computer, claim the sources, which was seized from him by NYC officials investigating his allegedly having sent sexually explicit texts to a 15-year-old girl. Moreover, Hillary Clinton’s “crew” supposedly includes not just close aide and confidante Huma Abedin and her husband, Weiner, but other aides and insiders — and even members of Congress. According to True Pundit : NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: • Money laundering • Sex crimes with minors (children) • Perjury • Pay to play through Clinton Foundation • Obstruction of justice • Other felony crimes NYPD detectives and a [sic] NYPD Chief, the department’s highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. “What’s in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” 
These allegations, if true, could explain why Director Comey reopened the investigation into Clinton’s mishandling of classified information, a move that shook the political world and caused Comey to come under fire. As the NYPD chief put it, the new e-mails contents truly are “alarming.” 
True Pundit also says that, according to FBI sources, both Abedin and Weiner are trying to cut immunity deals with federal officials and that, if they didn’t cooperate, they’d face long prison sentences. Abedin’s turning state’s evidence would no doubt be devastating for Clinton, as the two women have for years been joined at the hip. Abedin has at times been like Clinton’s shadow, has been called her “body woman,” and has even been rumored to be Clinton’s lesbian lover. So Abedin likely knows where, as is said, the bodies are buried. 
Of particular note, the new e-mails allegedly contain information revealing that Hillary, Bill Clinton, Weiner, and numerous congressmen took trips to convicted billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s private island, where he is said to pimp out underage minors of both sexes to prominent people. The trips were taken aboard Epstein’s Boeing 747, dubbed the “Lolita Express”; the pedophile’s island, in the US Virgin Islands, has been called “ Sex Slave Island .” 
These revelations would also explain why Clinton used powerful software called BleachBit to scrub damning information from her private server. According to BleachBit’s website, its program gives criminals and others the ability to “shred files to hide their contents and prevent data recovery.” 
Yet it can’t scrub bumbling perverts from your personal life, and Weiner’s laptop also contains incriminating e-mails revealing the mishandling of classified information by Abedin and Clinton, say the sources. Both women “sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts,” and this information could have been “accessed, printed, discussed, leaked, or distributed by untold numbers ... of unknown individuals,” writes True Pundit . 
Consequently, according to True Pundit , FBI sources say the new Clinton investigation has been broadened and now includes matters such as how: • Abedin forwarded classified and top secret State Department emails to Weiner’s email • Abedin stored emails, containing government secrets, in a special folder shared with Weiner warehousing over 500,000 archived State Department emails. • Weiner had access to these classified and top secret documents without proper security clearance to view the records • Abedin also used a personal yahoo address and her Clintonemail.com address to send/receive/store classified and top secret documents • [a] private consultant managed Weiner’s site for the last six years, including three years when Clinton was secretary of state, and therefore, had full access to all emails as the domain’s listed registrant and administrator via Whois email contacts. 
If the new allegations in the True Pundit story are all accurate, they just add more intrigue to a presidential campaign that is truly unprecedented, with a torrent of WikiLeaks and Project Veritas revelations and now Clinton’s Weiner woes. From vote fraud to inciting violence to child sex abuse to pay-for-play to perjury, it’s becoming clear to many that the Democratic Party — and the Clintons in particular — are essentially a criminal syndicate. As former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said in a Sunday interview, “The Clintons, that’s a crime family, basically. It’s like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool.... God forbid we put someone like that [Clinton] in the White House.” And now we know better why, as I wrote Sunday, this “appears standard FBI sentiment. I personally know of an ex-agent — someone with knowledge of Clinton ‘crime family’ dealings — who I’m told is having trouble sleeping at night due to the prospect of a Clinton presidency.” 
All these revelations raise important questions: How could Hillary Clinton and her cohorts have bumbled so badly that they appear a cross between Inspector Clouseau and Boss Tweed ? 
And if Clinton is so careless with her own personal survival, how can she be trusted with national survival? 
Part of the explanation is general incompetence, yet there’s another factor: Both Clintons have engaged in continual criminality over the decades — and have been allowed to skate at every turn. This lack of accountability has led to complacency and ever-increasing brazenness, just as with a child never punished for wrongdoing. 
So, finally, perhaps, Clinton corruption has reached critical mass. And with Donald Trump ahead 10 points (according to one respected poll) among the 88 percent of voters who have definitely made up their minds, maybe, come late Tuesday evening, some tossing and turning FBI agents will finally be able to enjoy a good night’s rest. 
",0
10566,Has George Soros Committed Treason?,"Has George Soros Committed Treason?
“His only legitimacy is his wallet.”
https://www.rt.com/usa/366579-soros-orgs-driving-trump-protests/ 
The press prostitutes continue to lie to us. They pretend that the anti-Trump protests are real spontaneous events although the prostitutes know that the “protests” are orchestrated by George Soros and front groups for the Oligarchy such as change.org and other fake progressive groups funded by the oligarchs.
Soros, change.org and various progressive and leftwing fronts for the oligarchs pretend to be for democracy, but they are acting in behalf of Oligarchy. We are witnessing a direct attack on American democracy. These protesters are the hired mercenary enemy of the American people.
Below is an email I received from a friend in Massachusetts. They preach peace and love while they commit violence: 
Below is one of the emails I rec’d regarding immediate organizing to get rid of Trump. JWJ is Jobs for Justice serving Massachusetts with the main group in Boston and the subsidiary in western MA. You appear to be correct, because I rec’d the notice below the day following the election and election results were not even in until 3:00 a.m. Moveon.org was/is behind this one. Moveon.org is link under 3rd local event.
Dear JWJ and allies,
If you were like me, today was a hard day to get up. Donald Trump is
the president-elect, and last night Republicans took the House, the
Senate, and thus the Supreme Court. This is a terrible situation for
humanity, let alone the workers’ movement and our ability to expand
organizing and collective bargaining rights. And yet, there is no time
to really brood about it. We are called to take immediate action.
Today, we are joining with others throughout the movement to demonstrate
our non-consent with the election results, in particular the election of
Donald Trump. This evening, thousands will gather in cities across the
nation to affirm to ourselves and one another that we will not give up
the fight-the fight for a nation with liberty and justice for all. We
will stand with one another, across race, religion, gender, age,
ability, national origin, sexual orientation, and all of our identities.
We will join hands, pledge our solidarity, and resolve to forge ahead
even in this moment of peril and challenge. See local events below. 
Check out moveon.org/standtogether.
In these most difficult of political moments, we have to come together
and stand stronger. Never has the “I ‘ll
Be There” pledge been more necessary than today. 
In struggle,
Erica Smiley
LOCAL EVENTS
THIS EVENING:
Love and Unity Gathering
https://www.facebook.com/events/553790148146217/ 
5 PM, Holyoke City Hall
Amherst Vigil for Love 
5 PM, Amherst Common
Peaceful gathering of solidarity, resistance, and resolve
https://act.moveon.org/event/Solidarity_gatherings/5139/signup/?akid=&zip= 
5:30 PM, Edwards Church, Northampton
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 15:
Where Do We Go From Here? A Post-Election Analysis
” target=”_blank”>http://afscwm.org/blog/2016/11/02/go-post-election-analysis> 
6:00 PM, Northampton Friends Meeting, 43 Center Street, Northampton
And check out President Donald Trump and The Great Repudiation
http://www.commondreams.org/views/2016/11/09/president-donald-trump-and-great-repudiation 
and The Best Democracy Money Can Buy 
http://thebestdemocracymoneycanbuy.com/stream/ 
The post Has George Soros Committed Treason? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
10567,"‘Election’ 2016 interview with Washington, Jefferson, Adams: America’s right and necessity to arrest .01% tyrants engaged in lie-started illegal Wars of Aggression, bankster-looting, and constant lying","Posted on November 1, 2016 by Carl Herman 
“Let us therefore animate and encourage each other, and show the whole world that a Freeman, contending for liberty on his own ground, is superior to any slavish mercenary on earth.” ~ George Washington, General Orders, Headquarters, New York (2 July 1776) 
language warning: we speak in the direct language of rebels who would have hanged for treason against God and King in the days of our Founders. 
Setting: Boston’s Green Dragon Tavern dining room at the far corner booth, 5PM a few days before the 2016 so-called “election,” having beer flights and lobster rolls with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams. They appear age 40-50; that is, mature yet vigorous. Their health maladies are corrected: 
George: wearing a grey business suit with the jacket off, white dress shirt with two unbuttoned front buttons, sleeves rolled up two times. His hair is business-short, just longer than military. His troubled teeth are now restored in perfect health. His 6’3” physique is powerfully muscular on a large-boned frame; an athletic man who works out. His demeanor exudes controlled confidence. He sits next to Tom, and on the outside of the booth. 
Tom: wearing jeans, a 1/4 zip forrest green sweater, and tennis shoes. Tom’s hair is on the longish side, fading red as is George’s. He’s almost as tall as George, but of medium frame and easy athleticism and elegance of a cat, with healthy appearance of a man who runs for fitness. Tom is attentive, not assertive, at times lounging in the corner of the booth. Tom and George’s accents are not Southern by today’s standards; with only a hint of how those dialects would develop. 
John: At 5’6” and unathletically portly, he wears dark navy dress slacks, a blue dress shirt with only one unbuttoned button, and sleeves buttoned. His hair is between the lengths of George and Tom, and balding. John is talkative, creatively intelligent, energetic, and at ease in a role of facilitator of our discussion. John’s accent is Bostonian. 
** 
A few minutes early, I walk toward the entrance spotting Jefferson examining a flower box next to the door. His elegant fingers gently lift the leaves to his gaze. I approach behind him, and hug his upper arms. 
Carl: (warm smile) Bro. 
Tom: (smooth and calm pivot to bro-hug) Carl. (looking back to the flowers) These annuals have about a month left until the first freeze kills them. Perhaps their seed will bloom into the brighter Spring we’re all working for. (half-smile, and placing a hand on my shoulder as we walk into the tavern) 
Washington sees us enter, and stands. Adams is preoccupied with a waiter to position three plates of lobster rolls and two orders each of beer flights. 
George: Gentlemen. 
John: (turning with a broad smile) Ah! Thomas! Carl! Thank you for coming, thank you! (bro hugs) 
Carl: Thank you ; all of you. Sir. (extending a hand to Washington, whose powerful hand engulfs it) 
John: Please, friends, enjoy! (raising the first glass in the beer flight) To liberty. (all: “To liberty”) 
So, please, everyone let’s enjoy some conversation and sustenance! Let us speak as patriots and friends! (we all take note with appreciation of Adams’ energy and intentionality as our facilitator) 
Tom: Carl, in combination with our previous conversation on July 4th , we thought it helpful to speak with interested readers before the so-called US “election” for a so-called “president” as the leader of so-called “public information” under limited government of a constitutional republic. 
Carl: Good call. Who’s up first? (raising my glass with my left hand to hide my right pointing to Adams sitting on my left) 
John: (face already reddening, jumping at the opening) “So-called election,” exactly! Don’t ever call that a fucking “election” when there’s nothing for the people to count! Those electronic voting machines are proven as election fraud tools of the elite! Carl, when you recount our conversation, put right fucking here the evidence! 
(the three of us observing, again, appreciate Adams’ straight-forward and to-the-point passion) 
Carl: Will do, bro. 
John: Fucking elite “our blood is superior” assholes! Fuck them and put them in fucking prison! 
Tom: (amused smile) Please, John. Don’t hold back. 
John: I’m sorry, but what else can one say who isn’t a .01% ass-kisser? Fooling the people every election with false promises is one thing, but then taking those elections away altogether is just fucked-up. 
George: Agreed. Prison is the only place for such criminals. 
Carl: Here, bros; this two minute video will help: 
Tom: (in careful study) These videos are truly more powerful than just the pen. 
John: Thank you, Carl. I know you’ll present the evidence effectively. God Bless us all, I just don’t know what else to do other than speak the truth! 
(the evidence John requested) : 
When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. 
George: Thank you, John. Thomas? 
Tom: Yes, General. Americans embrace the ideals of the Declaration of Independence as who they are (lightly taps the table with his fist). This Brother and Sisterhood bound in Love resonates with all Americans not ensnared by the elite. 
This bond of love and equality demands truthful public information. 
What Americans receive instead is “official” and corporate media lies of omission and commission to herd the people as work animals. 
It is the most vile and base disinformation that, Carl, your modern times most accurately assert as bullshit . Six corporations have been bought and owned for relentless lies to thinly veil a rogue state oligarchy. Without this constant “covering” of crimes centered in money and war, Americans would end these crimes. 
As we discussed , I wrote a pamphlet of the people’s rights contrasted with the tyrannical treatment we received from our own government. Tom Paine’s Common Sense was discussed in every tavern of America. There are so many powerful journalists pointing to the facts today in 2016; an Emperor’s New Clothes moment will come when people and God align for the bright light of truth to reveal all. 
John: (smiling) That’s why we had him write the Declaration of Independence. We thought Franklin could also do it, but he’d throw in too many jokes. 
George: (a half-laugh, but not prone to much more, then gravitas) I shall conclude. 
Without military support, Americans are lost. From strategic necessity, I will say nothing of those evolving events. I can say this: outside of divine intervention, ordinary Americans must build a demand to arrest .01% criminal leaders for treason , Wars of Aggression , Crimes Against Humanity , destruction of the Bill of Rights , looting led by central banking , political assassinations that include President Kennedy and Martin King , and official lying with complicit media . 
These crimes are the opposite of the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution. 
The US has devolved into a viciously rogue state . 
There exists no argument against those facts except from the treasonous who only have bullshit in place of reason . As God watches over us, that truth will be made clear. (controlled passion in voice and eyes, with clenched fist tapped and held on our table) 
When demand grows strong, patriots within military and government will act, and obviously within the law. They will honor their Oaths to defend humanity from a criminal elite who annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
John: (raising his last glass) Here, here! 
Carl: (addressing Washington) Sir, you’ll appreciate these two minutes from Martin King : 
George: Silence in the face of these tyrants’ crimes is betrayal to God and nation, yes. 
Tom: Perhaps we should remind readers how the oligarchs “pay” their minions, Carl. As I struggled to understand and express in my day , the fundamental economic crime is how our oligarchs create what is used as money: debt owed to them . 
Carl, among many in alternative media, you document $1,000,000 per US household in withheld benefits (and here ) of an honest monetary system, with the .01% parasite-class hoarding about $30 trillion in off-shore tax-havens . 
Americans, and humanity, are being used as propagandized work animals. 
John: They certainly fucking are! As you two (gesturing to Tom and me, spilling a little beer) help us understand, $30 trillion is thirty times what’s needed to end global poverty and save a million children’s lives every month! Americans must demand arrests of these demons who laugh as children die ! 
Tom: Yes. As you document , Carl, the total deaths from preventable poverty in just the last 20 years is more than from all wars and violence of any kind in all recorded human history . The .01% tyrant class, so-called “leaders” of so-called “former” colonial powers have promised the end of poverty with just 0.7% of GNI since 1969, but prefer ongoing looting. They use those subjects as work animals, hoping they’ll feel “lucky” to have a job for the empire rather than slow, painful death from poverty. 
Ending poverty decreases population growth rates in every historical case. The CIA reports that ending poverty is the best way to end terrorism. And the total investment over ten years for world peace and civilization is just about a trillion dollars: just 1/6th of what the US War Department reported “losing” in 2016 if we were to pay for it all rather than all developed nations. 
George: There are no US “Presidents,” only puppets to lie and cover the looting. 
Carl, please show your readers John Perkins ’ 2-minutes of context as an illustration of what US Presidents execute: 
John: The US is not just a rogue state , but a looting, lying, psychopathic, assassinating, child-killing, war-mongering, empire-driven, drug-dealing, minion-spawning, election-stealing, environment-and-food-poisoning, criminal pyramid! 
People should “vote” for Truth about that , not some asshole, murdering, Left or Right arm puppet of the most vicious .01% fucks in all fucking history!! 
What more do the Gods need to make clear that isn’t already clear? Fuck!! 
George: (dead-pan) I have nothing to amend John’s summary. 
Tom: (nodding to John) And he’s the milder cousin compared to Sam. 
Carl: (raising the last of my glasses) Well, gentlemen: to the breakthrough for a brighter future. 
(all raise their glasses to that!) 
Tom: And Carl, you’ll conclude your documentation of our meeting with the argument for .01% arrests for consideration of our American Brethren? 
Carl: Of course. The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting’ for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
“Interview” series:",0
10568,Big Business Lobby Covet Low-Skilled Foreign Workers,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   The big business lobby, which profits from hiring foreign labor over American workers, is pushing for an expansion of the   foreign guest worker visa. Americans would be laid off from those seasonal jobs in the process. [A push by the   Workforce Coalition, an organization made up of the open borders lobby and big business associations, demands a   expansion of the   visa where returning foreign workers would be exempt from the annual cap of 66, 000, quadrupling the number of foreign workers entering the U. S. and taking jobs from American workers.  When the same action was done in 2015, with bipartisan support from   Republicans and Democrats, big business concerns applied for some 264, 000   foreign guest workers, according to POLITICO. At the time, House Speaker Paul Ryan supported the expansion, claiming outrage over the move was “hyperbole. ” The   visa brings foreign nationals to the U. S. for   nonagricultural jobs. The visa impacts   and poor Americans most, as labor jobs in the hotel industry, water parks, retail stores and restaurants can all outsource jobs to foreign workers under the program. More than half a million jobs in the U. S. have been taken by   visa workers in the last five years. Center for Immigration Studies Fellow David Seminara wrote in 2010 how the   visa had become a tool for the big business lobby to save money by hiring cheap, foreign labor over Americans. “Use of the   program has morphed from its original intent to help employers that need seasonal   temporary workers,” Seminara wrote. “The majority of the program’s current users are neither small nor seasonal employers, but rather   to   companies and recruiters that petition for   to work for ten months out of the year, year after year. ” Big business and the open borders lobby are not alone, though, in their demand for more foreign labor, Sen. Thom Tillis ( ) and Sen. Mark Warner ( ) are leading the call to replace more American workers with cheaper, foreign workers. In a letter to Department of Homeland Security Secretary (DHS) Tillis, Warner and some 32 GOP and Democratic Senators called on more foreign workers to enter the U. S. in the upcoming Fiscal Year. Those Senators include: Senators Bill Cassidy ( ) Ron Wyden ( ) John Cornyn ( ) Roy Blunt ( ) Chris Coons ( ) John Barrasso ( ) Michael Bennet ( ) Susan Collins ( ) Tom Carper ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) Patty Murray ( ) Mike Enzi ( ) Amy Klobuchar ( ) Jerry Moran ( ) Angus King ( ) Tim Scott ( ) Roger Wicker ( ) Orrin Hatch ( ) Ben Cardin ( ) Richard Burr ( ) Lisa Murkowski ( ) James Lankford ( ) Johnny Isakson ( ) Cory Gardner ( ) Pat Roberts ( ) Mike Rounds ( ) Thad Cochran ( ) Dan Sullivan ( ) Maria Cantwell ( ) and Bob Casey ( ). Additionally, Tillis and Sen. Angus King ( ) are pushing legislation to permanently exempt returning   foreign workers from the 66, 000 visa cap, which would be at the expense of hundreds of thousands of laid off American workers over time. Tillis is also responsible for pushing an amnesty bill that would give legal residency to the more than 11 million illegal immigrants living in the U. S. as Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
10569,"Russia Destroys Most ISIS-Daesh Heavy Weaponry, U.S. Promptly Airdrops 50-Tons Of Weapons Into Syria for the Terrorists","By Jay Syrmopoulos
The goal of U.S. policy in Syria doesn’t get any more clear; the actual mission being supported by the United States in Syria is regime change, not fighting ISIS.
Reports this week indicated that Islamic State militants were decimated by recent Russian airstrikes, and have lost “most” of their ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment in the precision strikes, according to the Russian Defense Ministry.
An array of Russian bombers and ground support aircrafts targeted Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) sites in the provinces of Raqqah, Hama, Idlib, Latakia and Aleppo, according to the Russian Defense Ministry. The attacks reportedly destroyed command posts, heavy weapons, ammunition and armament depots, military vehicles, plants producing explosives, field camps and bases.
A report by RT stated :
According to intercepted communications, the militants suffer from shortages of ammunition, small arms and grenade guns. Several commanders allegedly say they will withdraw their units unless their ammunition needs are satisfied.
“Russian airstrikes resulted in the elimination of the majority of ISIS ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment,” the Defense Ministry tweeted.
Russian anti-terror military operations in the Syrian theater were launched on September, 30, at the request of the Syrian government. The United States has since accused Russia of targeting moderate opposition in Syria, but Moscow says it is after terrorist groups such as IS and Al-Nusra Front.
#SYRIA Russian air strikes resulted in elimination of the most part of #ISIS ammunition, heavy vehicles and equipment
— Минобороны России (@mod_russia) October 13, 2015 

To understand the U.S. position, one has to understand the rapidly evolving U.S. strategy in Syria.
The Obama Administration recently announced that its $500 million plan to train and equip vetted “moderate” rebels was a total failure. Incredibly, the U.S. came up with an even worse plan – remove the training and vetting requirement of the program , and start sending military equipment.
The new protocol embraced by the U.S. would require only leaders of the rebel groups to be vetted. Once the leader of the group is vetted weapons would flow to the group, no questions asked.
Moving quickly to operationalize their new strategy, the U.S. airdropped 50 tons of weapons and ammunition to the newly branded “Syrian Arab Coalition” forces — a U.S. rebel group re-branded, but known for its unreliability and willingness to hand weapons over to al-Qaeda and ISIS.
“Probably 60 to 80 percent of the arms that America shoveled in have gone to al-Qaeda and its affiliates,” according to Joshua Landis, a Syria expert at the University of Oklahoma.
It seems quite obvious that while the U.S. likely supplies al-Qaeda affiliate the al-Nusra front, Ahrar al Shams, and other jihadists in the Syrian combat theater, the idea that the U.S. is once again using the al-Qaeda terror network, similarly to how they were used to fight a proxy war against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan, should give pause to every American as a potential replaying of past U.S. foreign policy failures.
In addition to the U.S. airdropping 50 tons of weapons to Syrian rebel groups, Saudi Arabia delivered 500 TOW anti-tank missiles to anti-Assad Syrian rebels.
Highlighting the actual motivation behind the U.S. and Saudis supply rebel groups heavy weaponry, TOW anti-tank missiles provided to the rebels by the US and its allies have not been used against ISIS, but to strike Russian-made tanks of the Syrian Arab Army as it fights against al-Qaeda and ISIS.
The goal of U.S. policy in Syria doesn’t get any more clear; the actual mission being supported by the United States in Syria is regime change, not fighting ISIS.
According to a report by the Ron Paul Institute :
The TOW missile program is a CIA program, separate from the failed Defense Department rebel training program. The CIA has been arming and training unvetted rebels — many if not most foreign mercenaries rather than Syrians — to overthrow the Assad government since 2011 or 2012. The shot in the arm it has received from new shipments is obvious, as one rebel commander describes a recent attack on Assad’s forces:
‘It was a tank massacre,’ said Capt. Mustafa Moarati, whose Tajamu al-Izza group says it destroyed seven tanks and armored vehicles Wednesday.
More missiles are on the way, he said. New supplies arrived after the Russian deployments began, he said, and the rebels’ allies have promised further deliveries soon, bringing echoes of the role played by U.S.-supplied Stinger anti-aircraft missiles in forcing the Soviet Union to withdraw from Afghanistan in the 1980s.
The current strategy being undertaken is a virtual instant replay of the 1980s US proxy war against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan. The U.S.’s arming of Afghan Islamist rebels to defeat the USSR, directly resulted in the attacks of 9/11 and the ongoing global war on terror. It would be a grave mistake for the U.S. to once again repeat the same mistakes of the past.
It’s stunning how quickly American politicians disregard the clear and present dangers of arming Islamist extremists in an effort to spur regime change. The reality that the U.S. government is supplying weapons to the same extremist groups that attacked the twin towers should serve as a wake-up call to the corrupt nature of international power politics.
Source: Mint Press 
Via: Global Research 
",0
10570,Messenger 40 – Muslims Develop Technology to Promote Religious Unity against Radicalism,"2 Shares
1 0 0 1
As radicalism and hatred continue to empty their venom onto the world: sowing discord, enmity, and self-righteous arrogance, a group of Shia Muslim entrepreneurs from Iran, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Iraq and the US, imagined a technology which would speak unity amid furious sectarianism, and cohesion where there was distrust.
Keen not only denounce but oppose the ideological abomination which is Wahhabism – this dogma the House of Saud rose atop the fanaticism of one heretic scholar: Muhammad Ibn Abdel-Wahhab (18th century) Muslims have chosen to anchor their rebuttal of extremism through the promotion of a new media platform Messenger 40.
will likely argue that another social media platform is hardly revolutionary … especially if we consider how many apps are already available, this one particular product defiantly taps into a religious movement and expression Wahhabist Saudi Arabia has worked to silence.
What in the world am I talking about?
I am referring to Resistance … more particularly social resistance through the affirmation of Islam’s most sacred and universal principle: Justice.
MORE... Why Muslims Hold the Biggest Human Gathering under the Threat of ISIS in Iraq? The 10th Day’s new campaign – community-building and social solidarity Shia Muslims gather in DC for anti-terror rally Letting freedom ring: How Islam’s universal message continues to speak through Imam Husayn ibn Ali If Islam has often been portrayed as the religion of peace, I would personally argue that Islam promotes in fact, Justice – this innate yearning we all share beyond the many labels we have chosen for ourselves. At the heart of most
It is our refusal to bow to tyranny and accept oppression which prompted communities of man to rise against the Establishment, and from the ashes of empires dream themselves free.
Today such principles have been packaged into an app … several lines of coding put together to defy Saudi Arabia’s radical construct, a tool to break free from the shackles of religious oppression.
Who said technology could not be revolutionary?
here is where Messenger 40 really promises to break the social sound barrier – beyond a simple exercise in technological entrepreneurship and an imperious need to reject theo-fascism, Messenger 40 carries the very essence of Islam’s tradition in it name: Arbaeen.
Arbaeen means 40 in Arabic, a reference to the mourning of Imam Hussain ibn Ali, the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad, and Third Imam of Islam.
A symbol of fortitude, courage, and exceptional piety, Imam Hussain’s name has long echoed of Islam’s most brilliant principles - that before Tyranny none should relent, that even in the most suffocating of darkness it is Truth which must be spoken, beyond self-interest, and beyond all fears.
It is those principles Messenger 40 ambition to promote by speaking Freedom in a region locked in oppression – all thanks to Saudi Arabia’s desire to project hatred onto a faith it has proclaimed ownership over.
Should you have missed the momentous act of resistance this one app represents, I would like to remind you that Saudi Arabia still forbids women to drive … that and a few other wonderful vapid social restrictions. In a region where being a religious minority often equates to a death sentence, thinking Freedom is a revolutionary act – never mind speaking tolerance, and acceptance.
With less than a fortnight to go before Arbaeen, just as millions are making their way to Karbala to remember the martyrdom of their Imam, he, who was claimed by the forefather of Terror: Yazid Ibn Mu’awiyah, Messenger 40 is preparing its grand launch.
Haidar Attouq, a member of the board of developers, who refers to himself as a Saudi citizen explained how Messenger 40 aims to reform the way Muslims think communication by fostering tolerance and peaceful exchange.
“This interactive application is the product of IT industry professionals, and efforts by young people from different Muslim countries, regardless of their nationality, race and language, to promote unity.”
If the idea is simple enough, the message behind it is powerful indeed!
“This interactive application is the product of IT industry professionals, and efforts by young people from different Muslim countries, regardless of their nationality, race, and language, to promote unity.”",0
10571,Iraq ‘Ready For War’ With Turkey Over Who Should Control Mosul After Isis,"By wmw_admin on November 4, 2016 Patrick Cockburn — The Unz Review Nov 2, 2016 The Iraqi Army is moving on Mosul from the south. Click to enlarge 
Iraq and Turkey are threatening to go to war with each other over who should hold power in Mosul and the surrounding region after the defeat of Isis . Turkish tanks and artillery have deployed along the border and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said that while Iraq “did not want war with Turkey” it is ready to fight one if necessary. 
The confrontation is sharpening as the Iraqi Army enters eastern Mosul and Shia militia known as the Hashd al-Shaabi advance towards the town of Tal Afar, threatening to cut Isis’s last escape route from Mosul to Syria . Turkey sees itself as the protector of the Sunni Arabs of Mosul and northern Iraq, a community left vulnerable by the likely defeat of Isis by Shia and Kurdish forces backed by US-led airpower. 
The dependence of the anti-Isis forces on air strikes and drones was underlined on Wednesday when Iraqi Special Forces delayed their advance into east Mosul because high humidity and clouds made it difficult for aircraft to identify and attack targets on the ground. They had entered the industrial suburb of Gogjali on Tuesday and were Wednesday going from house to house looking for Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) and booby traps. 
The population of Mosul east of the Tigris River, which divides the city in half, has in the past consisted largely of well-educated professional people such as doctors and engineers, few of whom are likely to be sympathetic to Isis. Residents in the east say they expected Isis to withdraw to the western side of Mosul, which is more sympathetic to them, crossing the five bridges spanning the Tigris which, the residents say, have been rigged with demolition charges. 
The Iraqi government reacted angrily to the possibility of Turkish intervention. “The invasion of Iraq will lead to Turkey being dismantled,” said Mr Abadi at a news conference in Baghdad on Tuesday. “We do not want war with Turkey, and we do not want a confrontation with Turkey, but if a confrontation happens, we are ready for it.” He added that Iraq would consider Turkey as an enemy and would deal with it as an enemy. 
The exchange of abuse between Ankara and Baghdad continued on Wednesday when Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu denounced Mr Abadi as “weak”, asking: “If you have the strength, why did you surrender Mosul to terror organisations? If you are so strong, why has the PKK occupied your lands for years?” Earlier Turkey’s deputy prime minister Numan Kurtulmus had tried to lower the temperature by saying that the military build-up was a precaution and not a threat. 
Iraqi leaders in Baghdad have long privately blamed Turkey for aiding or tolerating al-Qaeda-type movements like Isis which operated in Iraq, but the ill-will is now becoming more public on both sides. On 11 October President Recep Tayyip Erdogan launched a furious tirade against Mr Abadi, saying: “He insults me. You are not on the same level as me! You are not my equal! Scream all you want from Iraq! It will not change anything! We will do what we want to do.” On 23 October, Mr Erdogan further raised the stakes by asserting Mosul has historically belonged to Turkey and it should therefore play a role in determining its future. 
Turkey already has 700 troops at a base in Bashiqa, north of Mosul, and has been training a Sunni Arab militia force of former policemen from Mosul numbering about 2,500. This force is probably not big enough to make Turkey a player in the struggle for the city and political observers in Irbil believe Turkey will not intervene militarily. But this could change if the Hashd attack Tal Afar, whose Turkman population is about 80 per cent Sunni and which is the home town of many Isis commanders, judges and religious police. Turkey would also be energised if the PKK was visibly benefiting from developments in and around Mosul. Another more cynical interpretation of Turkey’s focus on Mosul is that it is to divert attention from its muted response to the Syrian and Russian assault on East Aleppo. 
The fall of Mosul is likely to give birth to a series of crises because the province of Nineveh, of which it is the capital, is a mosaic of warring sects and ethnic groups. After years of war these are divided by deep hatreds, with Yazidis, Kurds and Christians all accusing their Sunni Arab neighbours of complicity in Isis massacres. In Nineveh Plain most of the Sunni Arabs have fled into Mosul city fearing revenge from returning Christians and the Shabak minority who are largely Shia. 
Revenge is taking place within sectarian and ethnic groups, some of whom joined Isis while others fought it. Amnesty International says that pro-Iraqi government Sunni tribal fighters taking part in the Mosul operation are carrying out revenge attacks on men and boys in “liberated” areas suspected of belonging to Isis. Fighters from the Sabawi tribe, originally from Mosul, are said by Amnesty to have illegally detained civilians, beaten them with metal rods, given them electric shocks and tied some of them to the bonnets of vehicles and paraded them through the streets while others were placed in cages, according to interviews with local officials and eyewitnesses. Many people displaced from Mosul and surrounding towns and villages say they will not return home until security is restored and this is still a long way off.",0
10572,Egypt court upholds life sentence for Brotherhood leader Badie,"Egypt The file photo shows Mohammed Badie, a senior figure of Egypt's now outlawed Muslim Brotherhood. 
Egypt's Appeals Court has upheld a draconian life sentence that was handed down to Mohammed Badie, the spiritual leader of the now outlawed Muslim Brotherhood. 
The court ruled on Wednesday that Badie, along with 36 others, who served as ministers in the government led by the country's first democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, who was supported by the Brotherhood between 2011 and 2013, deserved life behind bars for inciting violence and murder. 
Badie has been viewed as a key element in the Muslim Brotherhood, a party which operated under numerous restrictions during the era of the country's former dictator, Hosni Mubarak. The senior Brotherhood figure played a major role in the popular uprising that led to the ouster of Mubarak in January 2011. 
During the Wednesday session, the court also upheld the death sentences for 10 other individuals, who had been tried in absentia. 
A criminal court in 2014 tried 47 defendants, who include former youth and supplies ministers, for charges of murder, attempted murder, resisting authorities, assaulting policemen, sabotage, and blocking a main road in the Nile Delta city of Qalyubia. 
The general legal procedure against the Muslim Brotherhood began in July 2013, when Morsi was ousted in a military coup. The head of the Egyptian armed forces, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, came to power afterward. Sisi is believed to have orchestrated the coup as well as the ensuing crackdown on the Brotherhood. 
Estimates provided by human rights campaigners show that 1,400 people have been killed and 22,000 have been arrested in relation to the crackdown on the members and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood. 
Morsi himself has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for escaping prison in 2011. The Appeals Court endorsed the sentence last week, rejecting his appeal. Loading ...",0
10573,A Low-Tech Guide to Becoming More Politically Active - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   No matter which political party you belong to, one thing is clear: Donald J. Trump’s presidency has galvanized political activism to a level of passion not seen since the civil rights movement. Far less clear is what you can do in reaction to the Trump administration’s changes. And in an era that promises instant gratification  —   like cars, couriers and food summoned to your driveway with the tap of a smartphone app  —   you might think tech is a quick and easy solution to becoming a political activist. But it turns out software and web tools can go only so far. “Sitting behind your computer is not going to be as effective as showing up for people where they really need it,” said Joshua Tauberer, the creator of GovTrack, a popular web tool for tracking legislation. “Government is people. ” At best, tech is an excellent resource for staying on top of political activities. But at some point, you will have to go outside or pick up the phone and engage with people, like fellow citizens and members of Congress. That’s not to say tech is powerless. Opponents of Mr. Trump’s immigration ban, for example, used Twitter and Facebook to rally thousands of people for protests at the nation’s airports last month. Similarly, protesters used social media platforms to help coordinate the Jan. 21 women’s marches, which by one account constituted the largest day of demonstrations in American history. But what else can you do besides following news and events on Twitter and Facebook? What follows is a guide to some of the most useful resources and tools I uncovered after interviews with   activists. The first challenge to getting more politically active is filtering out the torrent of political news to understand what you should care about. One   approach is to read the executive orders posted on the White House website. Beyond that, following your members of Congress is an important way to get deeper information, says Indivisible, an activism guide published by former congressional staff members. These are the people who introduce legislation, so keeping up with them is crucial if you want to be more politically active. After identifying your members of Congress, visit their websites and sign up to receive their newsletters and invitations to local events. You can create Google News alerts on certain lawmakers to keep up with their actions. Another approach is following the legislation you care about. Mr. Tauberer’s tool, GovTrack. us, lets you share your location, select an issue and view the bills that have been introduced. For example, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California introduced a bill to nullify the effect of the executive order on immigration. The site says there is a 7 percent chance of the bill being enacted. You could then contact Ms. Feinstein’s office to say you support or oppose her bill. After becoming educated, the next step is to engage by contacting lawmakers and letting them know what you think. Political activism is surprisingly  : Phone calls carry more weight than an email or a tweet, partly because a phone ringing incessantly is harder to ignore than a flooded inbox. Less obvious is how to do all that. You have to find your local representative and then figure out what to say. Mr. Tauberer recently published a new web tool, phonecongress. com. The site detects your location to identify your local representatives, and then lists contact information and instructions on what to say about various issues to each lawmaker. For example, if you live in Dallas and disagree with President Trump’s nominations, the site instructs you to call Senator John Cornyn and say, “Hi, I’m a resident of Dallas and I would like Senator Cornyn to vote against President Trump’s nominations for his cabinet. ” You will only get so far working alone. At some point, joining a group will help you coordinate broader actions like protests or coordinated phone calls. Where to find one? That will depend on your political beliefs: You will have to ask around or search social networks like Meetup. com, a site to find local events and people who share your interests. For example, on Meetup. com, you can click “Join a movement. ” From there, the site uses your location to find nearby activism groups. For San Francisco, the site pulled up organizations like #TheResistance, a group of Trump protesters with about 1, 700 members, and Tech Workers Coalition, a group of 130 technology workers who are activists. Some unique forms of activism can emerge from working with a team. Lea Yu, an organizer for Tech Workers Coalition, said she met fellow activists at a contest in December in which people were asked to make tech tools for political activism. In reaction to concerns about hate speech and fake news, Ms. Yu’s team whipped up AdStrike, a web tool that scans for advertisements appearing on Breitbart News, the   opinion and news website. The tool identifies the companies hosting ads on the site, takes a screenshot of the ad and composes a tweet that users can automatically post on their accounts, encouraging the business to stop advertising on Breitbart. “A single, lonesome tweet doesn’t get a consumer very far if they want a company to take a stand,” Ms. Yu said. “But when hundreds of tweets are coordinated, you see companies like Visa and Uber becoming very responsive. ”",0
10574,ATTENTION DONALD TRUMP VOTERS!!! What to do if you see vote switching from Trump to Clinton at the polls,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address",0
10575,"Dolly Parton's Simple, Two Step Ritual Before She Goes on Stage is a Classic Dolly Doozy","
Dolly Parton recently sat down with “Southern Living” to talk about being a Southern woman, of course. 
And in total Parton fashion, she was hilarious— especially her simple and blunt reveal of the pre-show “ritual” she does before performing... ",0
10576,WaPo: Steve Bannon’s Navy Service During Carter’s Iran Hostage Crisis Shaped His Politics,"In a Washington Post profile of Trump White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, Michael Kranish and Craig Whitlock write that Bannon’s experiences as a naval officer during the Carter administration helped shape his conservative political beliefs. For Bannon, raised in an Irish Catholic Democratic household in Richmond, VA, President Carter’s botched rescue mission during the Iran hostage crisis was a political turning point. [From the Washington Post:  As Bannon has told it, the failed hostage rescue is one of the defining moments of his life, providing a searing example of failed military and presidential leadership  —   one that he carries with him as he serves as President Trump’s chief strategist. He has said he wasn’t interested in politics until he concluded that   Jimmy Carter had undercut the Navy and blown the rescue mission.   …     Still, the experience shaped his thinking. He saw the military buildup under President Ronald Reagan, and the   in Tehran continues to inform his view about that region of the world, as well as the role of U. S. military power and its commander in chief.   …     Some of Bannon’s shipmates recalled that the crew was given a ribbon for its modest role [in the rescue mission]. But Bannon and many other crew members were livid at Carter for the botched rescue. “It shattered his confidence in President Carter,” Masso said. “It made him all the more in the tank for Reagan. ” In October 1980, with the Foster in port at Long Beach, Bannon went to Masso’s home to watch a   debate. “He watched that debate like a prizefight,” Masso said. Three months later, after Reagan won the election, Bannon was working for the new president, serving as an assistant in the office of the chief of naval operations at the Pentagon. He watched with satisfaction as Reagan increased the military budget and strengthened the Navy, with most of the focus on combating the Soviet Union. He served for three years and simultaneously studied national security and earned a master’s degree at Georgetown University. Read the rest here. ",0
10577,I Muted Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton During the Debate. I Still Knew the Score. - The New York Times,"It was a little shimmy of her shoulders  —   cheeky, insouciant  —   accompanied by a big, toothy grin. Her opponent smirked. She looked as if she was having fun. He, not so much. The exchange came as the first presidential debate was building toward its conclusion Monday night. What was it about? I have no idea. Per instructions from my editor, I was watching with the sound off. Alone. No checking my email, no talking to my wife, no social media. It was, for me, a silent debate. The idea was simple: to test the theory that what presidential candidates  —   in this instance, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump  —   say during debates is less important than what they look like while they’re saying it. There is plenty of anecdotal evidence to support this theory, dating from the nation’s first televised presidential debate: Richard M. Nixon versus John F. Kennedy in 1960, which set the handsome and composed Kennedy on a course to victory over the conspicuously underweight and sweaty Nixon. Ever since, presidential debates have routinely been defined more powerfully by images than by words. You can even find academic research on the subject: nonverbal expression, the experts call it. A psychology professor has had some success predicting the outcome of elections based purely on which candidate blinks less frequently during debates, the idea being that   blinking is a sign of stress and anxiety, generally not desirable qualities in a commander in chief. (For what it’s worth, it’s also possible to blink too little, which can make a candidate seem reptilian.) Hence our experiment: Can you learn more about who won the debate by watching it on mute? It began, of course, with the ritual handshake at center stage before the candidates retreated to their lecterns. After the shake, Mr. Trump placed his hand gently on Mrs. Clinton’s back. There were different ways to interpret the gesture. Was he being patronizing  —   trying to assert his   dominance from the    —   or just looking to demonstrate that he felt comfortable, relaxed, unthreatened by the professional politician? Whether involuntary or intentional, the signal was unmistakable: I’m the strong one here. And either way, they were soon off, discussing   …     the most pressing issues facing our nation, I can only assume. It will be no surprise to learn that Mr. Trump is loud even with the sound off. He delivered 90 minutes of increasingly exaggerated pantomime, announcing the presence of someone who is restless, impassioned, emphatic and at times belligerent. (“No idea what he’s talking about, but he’s def going at it hard,” read my notes from the   mark.) Do not call this man  . He has an extensive repertoire of almost manic hand and arm gestures: the   karate chop, the accordion, his patented cobra. The performance is so physical  —   with the pincer fingers, the hyperactive eyebrows, the “C’mon already!” shrugs  —   that there’s not much work left for the words to do. There is no ambiguity about the message: Actions speak louder than words. Also: Bring it on. Even when it was Mrs. Clinton’s turn to speak, Mr. Trump couldn’t stand still. He fidgeted. He smirked. He grimaced. He squinted. He adjusted his microphone. He grabbed hold of the sides of his lectern. He rocked back and forth on his heels. He pursed his lips. He threw his opponent a disbelieving sidelong glance, and then an eye roll. He shook his head. He appeared to interrupt her, repeatedly. (On one occasion, I could make out a word  —   a word!  —   “wrong. ”) He took a sip of water. And then another, licking his lips as he set the glass back down. He’s more expressive while listening than most people are while speaking. In the face of this continual turbulence, Mrs. Clinton had a studied serenity. She has made no secret of her assiduous debate preparation, and I couldn’t help feeling that she had prepared for the very exercise I was engaged in. She seemed determined to make sure that her body language and facial expressions didn’t communicate frustration or irritation  —   see Al Gore in 2000  —   no matter what her opponent said. And she seemed equally determined to appear to be having fun. Whether she was or not  —   could this possibly be fun?  —   she succeeded in looking the part. She appeared unbothered, even amused, by Mr. Trump’s apparent assaults. At times, she looked a little smug  —   surely a lot smug to Mr. Trump’s supporters. There was plenty of smiling  —   another product of the debate prep, no doubt  —   and laughing, too, presumably at Mr. Trump’s expense. The suggestion seemed to be that we were all in on the joke. She had her hand gestures, as well, including her version of the trademark “Clinton thumb,” but she did little in the way of violence to the air around her. Visually, anyway, there was a discernible arc to the event, with Mr. Trump growing more agitated as the night wore on, and Mrs. Clinton becoming almost giddy with what felt increasingly like genuine pleasure. Which brings us back to the shimmy. Absent words, it felt like the most telling moment of the evening, a memorable, instinctive reaction to what I imagined must have been a Trump howler. In that instant, it was clear that the debate had produced a winner, at least to those of us who hadn’t actually heard a word of what the candidates had said: Mrs. Clinton. He had vibrated with anxiety she had radiated cool confidence. He had seemed to be crawling out of his own skin she had looked uncharacteristically comfortable in hers. Minutes later, it was all over. Once again, the candidates came together. Once again, Mr. Trump put his hand on Mrs. Clinton’s back, this time with a little pat, as if to confer his approval on a job well done. Mr. Trump’s family came out to greet him, but they opted not to linger, exiting   while Mrs. Clinton and her husband celebrated the moment with their fans in the audience.",0
10578,The Mystery Behind The Missing Capstone Of The Great Pyramid!,"The hidden secrets of the Great Pyramid of Giza have intrigued explorers and experts for a long time.


There are probably many hidden chambers that are still left untouched which could give us a lead to the true purpose of this colossal pyramid.

But one mystery surrounding the mega structure is the fact that the capstone is missing. How come? Was there a capstone in the first place?

Some researchers say that the capstone may have been completely built in gold, so, if it was in fact made of such a solid material then how did they achieve on removing such a large massive piece with aproximately 9 meters in height?

Another theory suggests that the pyramid had a large sphere in it's summit, which served as a conductor of cosmic energy and would turn the pyramid into a massive power plant. The sphere could also be associated with the ""Eye of Horus"" and the brightest star in the sky ""Sirius"" . 

Watch the following video to learn more! 


Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
10579,Abandon Ship! Trust of Mainstream Media Plummets,"In this News Shot, Joe Joseph explains how the public is rapidly losing faith in the mainstream media.
Have a listen!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: New York Times Reports 95.7 Percent Fall in Quarterly Profit 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
10580,"Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal - The New York Times","A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump, pundits with their eyes glued to Twitter believed they’d finally deciphered the master plan behind the  ’s tweeting. Every time he detonated a   bomb on Twitter, they suspected, it was a sly bid to divert the public eye from more serious news about his impending administration. So when Mr. Trump reignited the dormant debate over flag burning one morning  —   tweeting that those who set fire to the flag should suffer “loss of citizenship or year in jail!”  —   New York magazine’s Jonathan Chait quickly produced a column decoding the message. He called it a “strange fight” and a “classic   nationalist distraction” that proves Mr. Trump’s “dangerous and authoritarian politics is calculated, and not merely crazy. ” But soon a competing theory emerged: Minutes before Mr. Trump’s tweet, “Fox  Friends,” one of the  ’s favorite shows, ran a segment referencing an American flag burned on a college campus to protest his victory. He wasn’t carrying out some strategy. He was   his TV. Twitter is an impulsive medium. Log in and you’re greeted immediately with a text box asking “What’s happening?”  —   as in, right this second. Mr. Trump, who is set to become the nation’s 45th president on Friday, is a master of Twitter, but also in its thrall. Theories of some grand Trump Twitter plot forget that impetuous and aggressive tweeting has been a habit of Mr. Trump’s for years. He famously avoids alcohol Twitter is his vice. And after eight years of     posts from @BarackObama, equally   journalists are transfixed by Mr. Trump’s timeline, too. Mr. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. He is obsessed with his television ratings. His office is festooned with   magazine covers featuring himself. Even negative attention can be a win he’s thrilled to be named Time’s “Person of the Year” even if the cover might evoke images of both Hitler and Satan. But today magazine covers and TV hits lack the cultural dominance they once held. (As Mr. Trump tweeted in 2013, Time “looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! ”) Now he’s found a medium where recognition arrives every fraction of a second, and his reach is quantified in real time  —   ratings, but for every sentence you ever write. Scroll through the list of accounts Mr. Trump follows and you’ll find a tightly curated crew of Trump relatives (like Ivanka)   properties (Trump Waikiki)   celebrities (Roma Downey, wife to “The Apprentice” producer Mark Burnett) and reliably   outlets (“Fox  Friends,” naturally). It’s a remarkable picture of social media restraint for Twitter’s most uninhibited star, and it gives a glimpse at the image Mr. Trump intends to project: devoted family man, tremendous business magnate, friend to Gary Player. But Mr. Trump’s dominant posture is reactive, and his real focus is on who follows him. He almost exclusively retweets praise from fans. He tweets about all the credit he deserves (“Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night”) then waits for more virtual credit to roll in. He brags to journalists about the rate at which likes and retweets hit. He gets high on his own supply. Part of the peculiarity of Mr. Trump’s tweets is that he tweets like a celebrity, not a politician or a businessman. Even his handle, @realdonaldtrump, suggests his full immersion in the most basic of our celebrity culture. Though he’s preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber  —   he fans celebrity feuds with Graydon Carter (“no talent”) and Meryl Streep (“ ”) and posts product endorsements (“Buy L. L. Bean. ”). The highest office in the land has afforded Mr. Trump his most prominent celebrity perch. His account has risen from a few million followers to nearly 20 million in the past year. There was a time when some assumed that Mr. Trump’s public persona would evolve as he rose in the political ranks. But there’s just one Trump, and that’s been key to his success. As Kim Kardashian once said, the secret to social media dominance is authenticity and consistency. Mr. Trump’s projection of realness relies on him being reliably   and wildly inappropriate. That may seem like a liability for the leader of the free world, but it’s an asset in the   celebrity roles that have led him to this moment: reality TV boss, Howard Stern guest,   heel. Eight years ago, Barack Obama was the social media wonder headed to the White House, and his tech savvy was heralded as a bright light for democracy. The tweets he posts to @POTUS never seem impulsive they seem made for posterity. Even his jokes are calculated to be minimally offensive and maximally educational. When the NASA rover Curiosity carried Mr. Obama’s signature to the surface of Mars, Mr. Obama responded in the form of a dad joke: “That is out of this world. ” If Mr. Obama came to power in a time of great optimism for Twitter, Mr. Trump lords over a waning platform. What was once a hopeful place for global connection and resistance has become a site for coordinating harassment campaigns, connecting with white supremacists and accelerating unverified and sometimes dangerous rumors. Its growth has slumped and its stock price has stagnated. But the place suits Mr. Trump’s purposes fine. For the guy who’s all about appearances, Twitter provides the veneer of populist connection without the hassle of accountability. Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s incoming press secretary, has suggested that Twitter town halls and Reddit forums may replace some typical presidential press interactions, where he can easily make himself available to anonymous fans instead of the scrutiny of the press. The social media platforms that were once heralded as democratic tools could also be used to undermine democratic norms. All of this works because one group is as intoxicated by Twitter as Mr. Trump is: journalists. It’s hard to explain to a normal person  —   one of the 79 percent of American adults who don’t use Twitter  —   why the platform mesmerizes the news media. Its   search function means you can conjure material on any kind of news topic  —   or just spend your time searching for your own name. Reporters still crave the ego rush of a published byline, but that pales in comparison to the animated feedback loop that Twitter offers. The more time you spend, and the more tweets you send, the bigger your following becomes. But Twitter provides little actual reach  —   compared with Facebook or Google, it hardly drives any traffic to articles. It’s like a video game for professional validation. Mr. Trump expertly exploits journalists’ unwavering attention to their Twitter feeds, their competitive spirit and their ingrained journalistic conventions  —   chiefly, that what the president says is inherently newsworthy. As a developer and reality show star, he lobbied the news media for coverage. Now journalists feel obligated to pay attention to him. Mr. Trump overwhelms the media with boatloads of what was once a rare commodity: access. He creates impressions faster than journalists can check them. By the time they turn up the facts, the news cycle has moved on to his next missive, leaving less time (and reader attention) for the stories Mr. Trump does not highlight on his feed. Mr. Trump may not follow a deliberate distraction strategy, but he doesn’t need one. He distracts instinctively. All he needs is a phone, the press and whatever thought just entered his mind.",0
10581,"Prince, an Artist Who Defied Genre, Is Dead at 57 - The New York Times","Prince, the songwriter, singer, producer,   studio band and consummate showman, died on Thursday at his home, Paisley Park, in Chanhassen, Minn. He was 57. His publicist, Yvette   confirmed his death but did not report a cause. In a statement, the Carver County sheriff, Jim Olson, said that deputies responded to an emergency call at 9:43 a. m. “When deputies and medical personnel arrived,” he said, “they found an unresponsive adult male in the elevator. Emergency medical workers attempted to provide lifesaving CPR, but were unable to revive the victim. He was pronounced deceased at 10:07 a. m. ” The sheriff’s office said it would continue to investigate his death. Last week, responding to news reports that Prince’s plane had made an emergency landing because of a health scare, Ms.   said Prince was “fighting the flu. ” Prince was a man bursting with music  —   a wildly prolific songwriter, a virtuoso on guitars, keyboards and drums and a master architect of funk, rock, RB and pop, even as his music defied genres. In a career that lasted from the late 1970s until his solo “Piano  a Microphone” tour this year, he was acclaimed as a sex symbol, a musical prodigy and an artist who shaped his career his way, often battling with accepted   practices. “When I first started out in the music industry, I was most concerned with freedom. Freedom to produce, freedom to play all the instruments on my records, freedom to say anything I wanted to,” he said when he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004. In a tribute to George Harrison that night, Prince went on to play a guitar solo in “While My Guitar Gently Weeps” that left the room floored. A   Grammy winner, Prince had Top 10 hits like “Little Red Corvette,” “When Doves Cry,” “Let’s Go Crazy,” “Kiss” and “The Most Beautiful Girl in the World” albums like “Dirty Mind,” “1999” and “Sign O’ the Times” were   statements. His songs also became hits for others, among them “Nothing Compares 2 U” for Sinead O’Connor, “Manic Monday” for the Bangles and “I Feel for You” for Chaka Khan. With the 1984 film and album “Purple Rain,” he told a fictionalized version of his own story: biracial (although Prince’s parents were both  ) gifted, spectacularly ambitious. Its music won him an Academy Award, and the album sold more than 13 million copies in the United States alone. In a statement, President Obama said, “Few artists have influenced the sound and trajectory of popular music more distinctly, or touched quite so many people with their talent. ” He added, “He was a virtuoso instrumentalist, a brilliant bandleader, and an electrifying performer. ‘A strong spirit transcends rules,’ Prince once said  —   and nobody’s spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative. ” Prince recorded the great majority of his music entirely on his own, playing every instrument and singing every vocal line. Many of his albums were simply credited, “Produced, arranged, composed and performed by Prince. ” Then, performing those songs onstage, he worked as a bandleader in the polished, athletic, ecstatic tradition of James Brown, at once spontaneous and utterly precise, riveting enough to open a Grammy Awards telecast and play the Super Bowl halftime show. He would often follow a   arena concert with a   club show, pouring out even more music. On Prince’s biggest hits, he sang passionately, affectionately and playfully about sex and seduction. With deep bedroom eyes and a sly, knowing smile, he was one of pop’s ultimate flirts: a sex symbol devoted to romance and pleasure, not power or machismo. Elsewhere in his catalog were songs that addressed social issues and delved into mysticism and science fiction. He made himself a unifier of dualities  —   racial, sexual, musical, cultural  —   teasing at them in songs like “Controversy” and transcending them in his career. He had plenty of eccentricities: his fondness for the color purple, using “U” for “you” and a drawn eye for “I” long before textspeak, his vigilant policing of his music online, his penchant for releasing troves of music at once, his intensely private persona. Yet for musicians and listeners of multiple generations, he was admired   universally. Prince’s music had an immediate and lasting influence: among songwriters concocting   among producers working on dance grooves, among studio experimenters and stage performers. He sang as a soul belter, a rocker, a bluesy ballad singer and a falsetto crooner. His most immediately recognizable (and widely imitated) instrumental style was a particular kind of pinpoint, staccato funk, defined as much by keyboards as by the rhythm section. But that was just one among the many styles he would draw on and blend, from hard rock to psychedelia to electronic music. His music was a cornucopia of ideas: triumphantly, brilliantly kaleidoscopic. Prince Rogers Nelson was born in Minneapolis on June 7, 1958, the son of John L. Nelson, a musician whose stage name was Prince Rogers, and Mattie Della Shaw, a jazz singer who had performed with the Prince Rogers Band. They were separated in 1965, and his mother remarried in 1967. Prince spent some time living with each parent and immersed himself in music, teaching himself to play his instruments. “I think you’ll always be able to do what your ear tells you,” he told his high school newspaper, according to the biography “I Would Die 4 U: Why Prince Became an Icon” (2013) by the critic Touré. Eventually he ran away, living for some time in the basement of a neighbor whose son, André Anderson, would later record as André Cymone. As high school students they formed a band that would also include Morris Day, later the leader of the Time. In classes, Prince also studied the music business. He recorded with a Minneapolis band, 94 East, and began working on his own solo recordings. He was still a teenager when he was signed to Warner Bros. Records, in a deal that included full creative control. His first album, “For You” (1978) gained only modest attention. But his second, “Prince” (1979) started with “I Wanna Be Your Lover,” a No. 1 RB hit that reached No. 11 on the pop charts the album sold more than a million copies, and for the next two decades Prince albums never failed to reach the Top 100. During the 1980s, nearly all were   that reached the Top 10. With his third album, the pointedly titled “Dirty Mind,” Prince moved from typical RB romance to raunchier, more graphic scenarios he posed on the cover against a backdrop of bedsprings and added more rock guitar to his music. It was a clear signal that he would not let formats or categories confine him. “Controversy,” in 1981, had Prince taunting, “Am I black or white?  I straight or gay?” His audience was broadening the Rolling Stones chose him as an opening act for part of their tour that year. Prince grew only more prolific. His next album, “1999,” was a double LP the video for one of its hit singles, “Little Red Corvette,” became one of the first songs by an   musician played in heavy rotation on MTV. He was also writing songs with and producing the female group Vanity 6 and the funk band Morris Day and the Time, which would have a prominent role in “Purple Rain. ” Prince played “the Kid,” escaping an abusive family to pursue rock stardom, in “Purple Rain. ” Directed by Albert Magnoli on a budget of $7 million, it was Prince’s film debut and his transformation from stardom to superstardom. With No. 1 hits in “Let’s Go Crazy” and “When Doves Cry,” he at one point in 1984 had the No. 1 album, single and film simultaneously. He also drew some opposition. “Darling Nikki,” a song on the album that refers to masturbation, shocked Tipper Gore, the wife of Al Gore, who was then a United States senator, when she heard her daughter listening to it, helping lead to the formation of the Parents’ Music Resource Center, which eventually pressured record companies into labeling albums to warn of “explicit content. ” Prince himself would later, in a more religious phase, decide not to use profanities onstage, but his songs  —   like his 2013 single “Breakfast Can Wait”  —   never renounced carnal delights. Prince didn’t try to repeat the blockbuster sound of “Purple Rain,” and for a time he withdrew from performing. He toyed with pastoral, psychedelic elements on “Around the World in a Day” in 1985, which included the hit “Raspberry Beret,” and “Parade” in 1986, which was the soundtrack for a movie he wrote and directed, “Under the Cherry Moon,” that was an awkward flop. He also built his studio complex, Paisley Park, in the   for a reported $10 million, and in 1989 his “Batman” soundtrack album sold two million copies. Friction grew in the 1990s between Prince and his label, Warner Bros. over the size of his output and how much music he was determined to release. “Sign O’ the Times,” a monumental 1987 album that addressed politics and religion as well as romance, was a   set, cut back from a triple. By the   Prince was in open battle with the label, releasing albums as rapidly as he could to finish his contract quality suffered and so did sales. He appeared with the word “Slave” written on his face, complaining about the terms of his contract, and in 1993 he changed his stage name to an unpronounceable glyph, only returning to Prince in 1996 after the Warner contract ended. He marked the change with a triple album, independently released on his own NPG label: “Emancipation. ” For the next two decades, Prince put out an avalanche of recordings.  ’s takeover of RB meant that he was heard far less often on the radio his last Top 10 hit was “The Most Beautiful Girl in the World,” in 1994. He experimented early with online sales and distribution of his music, but eventually turned against what he saw as technology companies’ exploitation of the musician instead, he tried other forms of distribution, like giving his 2007 album “Planet Earth” away with copies of The Daily Mail in Britain. His catalog is not available on the streaming service Spotify, and he took extensive legal measures against users of his music on YouTube and elsewhere. But Prince could always draw and satisfy a live audience, and concerts easily sustained his later career. He was an indefatigable performer: posing, dancing, taking a turn at every instrument, teasing a crowd and then dazzling it. He defied a downpour to play a triumphal “Purple Rain” at the Super Bowl halftime show in 2007, and he headlined the Coachella festival in 2008 for a reported $5 million. A succession of his bands  —   the Revolution, the New Power Generation, 3rdEyeGirl  —   were united by their funky momentum and quick reflexes as Prince made every show seem both thoroughly rehearsed and improvisational. His survivors include a sister, Tyka Nelson, and several  . His marriages to Mayte Garcia and Manuela Testolini ended in divorce. A trove of Prince’s recordings remains unreleased, in an archive he called the Vault. Like much of his offstage career, its contents are a closely guarded secret, but it’s likely that there are masterpieces yet to be heard.",0
10582,"After Yemeni’s 13 Years in Guantánamo, Freedom for the Soul Takes Longer - The New York Times","TALLINN, Estonia  —   When guards brought Ahmed Abdul Qader to the plane that would take him away from the Guantánamo Bay prison a year and a half ago, he asked permission to pause before boarding. Closing his eyes, he tried to leave behind the burden of his 13 years of captivity. Mr. Qader was about 17  —   an overweight Yemeni teenager suspected of being a terrorist  —   when the United States military brought him to Guantánamo. When he left, he was past 30, his hair thinning, and about to start a new life in Estonia, a tiny Baltic country he had never heard of before it had decided to resettle a detainee a few months earlier. A day later, he was in his new home, a modestly furnished studio apartment in Tallinn provided by the Estonian government. But the past, he soon realized, was not so easy to escape. Snow was falling, and he was eager to touch it. He started for the door, then suddenly panicked, fearful that something  —   he was not sure what  —   could go wrong if he went outside. “Any trouble I get myself in now  —   even an honest mistake  —   will be a hundred times worse than if any normal person did it,” Mr. Qader said recently, trying to explain how that sense of paralysis has stayed with him. “I thought that after two months’ release, I’d be back to normal,” he said. “But I cannot live my life regularly. I try, but it is like part of me is still at Guantánamo. ” Mr. Qader is one of about  780 men who have been held at the prison since the Bush administration opened it after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. A central part of the war on terrorism, Guantánamo was an experiment: using indefinite detention without trial, a tool of traditional wars, for an   conflict in which distinguishing truly dangerous enemies from people caught on the periphery can be particularly difficult. President Obama inherited 242 detainees when he came into office vowing to close the prison. Today 76 remain, 32 of them approved for transfer to a stable country willing to accept them. Congressional Republicans oppose closing the prison and further transfers, pointing to the minority of former detainees accused of recidivism. In the long and contentious debate over Guantánamo’s future, former detainees who have been transferred and caused no problems have been largely forgotten. But while their files may have been closed, the ambiguity surrounding their release  —   deemed safe enough to transfer, but never proven guilty or innocent  —   continues to brand them. Mr. Qader recently told me his story in a series of conversations over several days this spring  —   in his apartment, strolling through Tallinn’s medieval Old Town, and riding a city bus to Estonia’s Islamic Center. He expressed gratitude to Estonia for taking him in. Its refugee program provides him with the apartment, health care, language classes, a small monthly stipend and a mentor to help him navigate daily life. He smiled often and spoke with optimism about the future when we talked. But he also lapsed into despondency about his separation from his family, his lost youth, and his “hurt” when people call him a terrorist. He portrayed himself as paralyzed by anxiety about what others  —   the police, potential friends or employers  —   will assume about him. “Thirteen years of my life I wasted, and it’s not because of something I did,” he said. “It’s because something went wrong around me, and I got the blame for it. ” Mr. Qader was arrested with about a dozen other Arabs at a guesthouse in Pakistan in March 2002. That night, the Pakistani police also raided another guesthouse in the same city, capturing a prominent terrorism suspect, Abu Zubaydah. The police conflated the two houses, saying both harbored what were thought to be cells of Al Qaeda. But the evidence linking the group to Mr. Qader’s house, where many residents claimed to be religious students, was thinner. Mr. Qader was transferred to American custody, and that June, he was flown to Guantánamo. He vividly recalls the “long, long, long” flight to Cuba  —   limbs immobilized, eyes and ears blocked, destination unknown. At first, Mr. Qader said, guards were often rough. An Estonian doctor is treating him for ligament damage in his knees and shoulder  —   the result, he said, of treatment like being kicked into the kneeling position or being forced to kneel on concrete with his arms extended. Asked what provoked punishment, he sang a lyric from a prisoners’ song in “Les Misérables”: “Look down, look down   Don’t look ’em in the eye. ” Every few months, Mr. Qader was brought to a trailer and questioned. He told interrogators that after completing the ninth grade in Yemen in 1999, he had traveled to Pakistan intending to study religion and computers, and to do charitable relief work. With the financial support of his father, he traveled around, staying for several months at a time in different guesthouses. He also crossed into Afghanistan, where he said he met several Taliban members who invited him to an area north of Kabul behind the front lines in their war against the Northern Alliance. He lived there about 10 months. Reports summarizing his early interrogations say he was “issued” a rifle and “trained” to use it. Mr. Qader, claiming translators had put an exaggerated gloss on his words, told me a Taliban member spent a few minutes showing him how to hold and shoot a rifle, and he never “owned” one. Either way, Mr. Qader insisted, then and now, that he never fought or enlisted with any group, and in late 2001, he returned to Pakistan, where he was eventually arrested. “As unusual as this source’s story sounds, I don’t think he is hiding the truth,” an interrogator wrote about Mr. Qader in January 2003. But when the interrogators showed his photograph to other detainees, some claimed he was involved with Al Qaeda. The military compiled his story and those accusations in a 2008 dossier, which described him as a Qaeda member. The dossier was leaked, and it is readily available on the internet. Over the years, Mr. Qader said, his bewilderment at being in Guantánamo gave way to routine. Conditions gradually improved. By reading books and talking to guards, he learned English. Still, the 2008 dossier described him as “noncompliant and hostile to the guard force. ” Mr. Qader said that in 2007, believing certain guards treated him unfairly, he “pushed back” by refusing for a while to obey orders, like to leave a yard when his outdoors time was up. In 2009, a   detainee review task force   Mr. Qader and, according to someone who read its report, concluded he had not conducted or facilitated any terrorist activity against the United States or its allies. That finding, officials said, is echoed in many reports about   detainees, and it is ambiguous: It could either mean he was innocent or, though part of the enemy, did nothing specific. Either way, the task force deemed him a low enough risk to be transferred. But after an unsuccessful attempt by Al Qaeda’s Yemen branch to set off a bomb on a   plane that Christmas, Mr. Obama halted repatriations to Yemen until its security improved. The moratorium spurred the Justice Department to appeal government losses in habeas corpus lawsuits, and in 2010, an appeals court instructed judges to interpret ambiguous evidence more toward the government. Detainee victories ceased. Mr. Qader’s lawsuit, brought by Wesley Powell, a New York lawyer, reflected the pattern: A judge ruled his detention lawful. By then he lived on a cellblock for the most compliant and westernized detainees  —   those who liked watching American movies despite actresses with uncovered heads. When a hunger strike swept the prison in 2013, they did not participate, he said, although he had sometimes participated in earlier such protests. Finally, in 2014, the Obama administration stopped waiting for Yemen to stabilize and began pressing other countries to resettle stranded Yemenis. After Russia intervened in Ukraine, Estonia  —   another former Soviet republic, and a NATO member  —   agreed to take one. “Estonia understood the value in demonstrating its reliability as a friend and ally and was willing to help us,” recalled Jeffrey Levine, then the American ambassador to Estonia. Ian Moss, the chief of staff in the State Department office that negotiates transfers, remembers watching Mr. Qader’s interview with Estonian officials. He was struck by Mr. Qader’s reply when asked when he was born. (He says November 1984 some files say 1983.) “My birthday will be the day I leave Guantánamo,” Mr. Qader said. At first, he recalled, he processed everything in his new country “like a newborn,” unaware that his transfer was controversial. But the timing was terrible  —   his release, on Jan. 14, 2015, came a week after a terrorist attack in Paris and as the Syrian refugee crisis was mounting. In the United States, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, told Fox News, “It is insane to be letting these people out of Gitmo to go back to the fight. ” Some Estonians were upset, too, like the reader of a news article about his arrival who appended the comment: “I say out of the country, now!” Mr. Qader recalled thinking: “I think I will never be free until I get my name cleared. I will always be ‘that guy who was in Guantánamo.’ ” He decided to keep a low profile, declining interviews and telling few people about his past. That summer, a shop in Tallinn gave Mr. Qader an apprenticeship. The owner later told me how he came to suspect that the refugee was the Guantánamo detainee he had read about in the news media. He found the dossier online but concluded that its terrorism accusations were “all bullshit. ” One morning, he told his apprentice that he was “famous. ” Mr. Qader acknowledged who he was, expecting to be told to leave. Instead, the owner invited him to visit his mother on an Estonian island. Mr. Qader  —   apprehensive about leaving Tallinn  —   hesitated for days but went. Not all Estonians were as welcoming. Last fall, a drunken neighbor began hassling him about being a foreigner, Mr. Qader said. When it escalated  —   the neighbor threatened him with a gun and put garbage at his door  —   he called the police. The harassment ceased. But days later, two police officers showed up and grilled Mr. Qader  —   asking where he came from and got money. When he explained, they conferred in Estonian he understood the word “Cuba. ” They said not to worry. But he said he could not sleep for four days. Now, when Mr. Qader contemplates the future, he said, he feels like a man holding a “small candle. ” “People tell me ‘don’t look back, look forward,’ but the problem is when I look forward, it is dark,” he said. “That is what scares me the most. ” Estonia recently extended his residency permit by two years. But its population of 1. 3 million people includes only a few thousand Muslims and fewer Arabs. Halal food is scarce, and Mr. Qader interprets stares on the bus as hostile. He would like to return home, but he said he feared that Yemeni or American security forces might mistakenly decide he was working with terrorists and jail him again  —   or kill him with a drone. Estonia will permit family visits, but obtaining travel documents has proved difficult. His father, who had a heart attack after finding out he was at Guantánamo, calls him daily, and his mother has taught him to cook over Skype. Last year, Mr. Qader’s family helped arrange for him to become engaged to one of his sisters’ friends. Estonia permits spouses to join refugees, so they were married in December by a Yemeni judge over Skype. They now talk daily, he said, but his wife has not managed to come yet, either. In theory, he could visit nearby European countries  —   he is supposed to consult Estonian officials first  —   but he has not dared leave. Comforted by the thought that the Estonian government is monitoring him, he fears that if he travels abroad and a bomb goes off nearby, he might be unable to prove his innocence and would be scapegoated and imprisoned again. Asked what he thinks about the United States, Mr. Qader said he understood why, after Sept. 11, it would detain him. Still, he said, it should have freed him after a year or two imprisoning him for so long “hurt me very bad. ” Emphasizing that he is “not out for revenge,” he “begged” American officials to consider helping him move on by clearing his name. “Now you let me go,” he said. “Thank you very much. No hard feelings. But just let me go for real. Say, ‘This guy, we hold him this long and we were mistaken, we’re sorry,’ and show people the truth. ” But Lee Wolosky, the State Department’s special envoy for the closing of Guantánamo, demurred, saying “no apology is warranted” for Mr. Qader’s detention, given the circumstances. “The United States was correct to pick him up when and where we did and to detain him for a period of years,” he said. “We were also right ultimately to release him subject to security assurances. ” Either way, Mr. Qader knows some things are up to him. Not long ago, he said, he heard a story about elephants who died in a circus fire. They were tied with a flimsy rope but had been trained in chains as babies, learning not to try to break free. “When this story hit me, I was thinking, ‘I don’t want to be locked inside my own Guantánamo,’ ” he said. “I promised myself that I have to break free from myself. And I told my wife, ‘I will take you to Paris.’ ” Mr. Qader said his wife, who has never left Yemen, replied that when she finally reached Estonia: “I will explore the world with you. I will hold you to your word. ”",0
10583,"Vatican Expresses Concerns Over ‘Spread of Nationalism, Populism’","The Vatican’s Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin said Monday that the Holy See is concerned over growing populist and nationalist movements, both in Europe and in the United States. [In an interview for the Italian evening news on the   RAI network, Cardinal Parolin was asked whether the Vatican is worried about what the interviewer called “the spread of nationalism and populism not only in Europe but also in the United States with Donald Trump. ”  “I think so, I think so,” Parolin said. “Certainly these closings are not a good sign,” since many of them “are born of fear, which is not a good counsellor. ” The Cardinal also recalled recent comments by Pope Francis, saying that “there is a risk of history repeating itself. ” In a lengthy interview with the Spanish daily El País in late January, Pope Francis was asked whether he was concerned about the spread of a populism that capitalizes on “people’s fears,” preaching “a message of hate. ” In his reply, Francis distinguished between a good, grassroots populism, where it is the people who are “the protagonists,” and a cult of personality where a charismatic figure like Hitler rises to power and is welcomed as a savior figure. “For me the most typical example of populism in the European sense is the Germany of 1933,” Francis said. After Hindenburg, “Germany tries to get back up, searches for its identity, looks for a leader, someone to give it back its identity and a youngster named Adolf Hitler says, ‘I can do it I can do it. ’” Whereas the first sort of populism is a good thing, the latter can be very dangerous, he said. The risk, Francis said, is that in times of crisis we lack judgment and people can begin to think, “Let’s look for a savior who gives us back our identity and let’s defend ourselves with walls,   whatever, from other people that may rob us of our identity. ” “And that is a very serious thing,” he said. “That is why I always try to say: talk among yourselves, talk to one another. ” In the same interview, the Pope was asked specifically whether he was worried about Donald Trump, whom the interviewer described as a xenophobe filled with “hatred for foreigners. ” Francis said that the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions, not by “prophecies” of what he may or may not do. “I think that we must wait and see,” Francis said. “I don’t like to get ahead of myself nor judge people prematurely. We will see how he acts, what he does, and then I will have an opinion. ” The Pope said it is “most unwise” to be afraid of something that might or might not happen. “It would be like prophets predicting calamities or windfalls that don’t take place. We will see. We will see what he does and then evaluate,” he said. “I prefer to wait and see,” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
10584,White House Defends Commando Raid on Qaeda Branch in Yemen - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The White House on Thursday defended the planning and execution of a Special Operations raid in Yemen on Sunday  —   the first approved by President Trump since taking office  —   that left one American commando dead and three others injured, and most likely killed several civilians, including children. Sean M. Spicer, President Trump’s press secretary, offered an unusually detailed chronology of the mission involving members of the Navy’s SEAL Team 6 against the home of a senior Qaeda collaborator. He said it started with a plan submitted by the military’s Central Command in November under the Obama administration and ended with Mr. Trump receiving updates in the White House on Saturday night as the mission unfolded eight time zones away. “This was a very, very    and executed effort,” Mr. Spicer said. Mr. Trump has justified the risky attack on the heavily guarded house, saying the commandos recovered valuable information, including laptops and cellphones, that could help thwart future terrorist attacks. Military officials said on Thursday that while that could prove to be true, analysts were only just beginning to delve into the materials. Almost everything on the mission that could go wrong did. A Yemeni tribal sheikh said the Qaeda fighters were somehow tipped off to the troops’ stealthy advance toward the village  —   perhaps by the whine of American drones that the tribal leader said were flying lower and louder than usual. The assault force, which also included elite troops from the United Arab Emirates, quickly found itself under intense fire from all sides  —   even from female combatants who unexpectedly took up weapons from assigned fighting positions  —   forcing the Americans to call in strikes from helicopter gunships and attack planes. A Pentagon spokesman, Capt. Jeff Davis, denied on Thursday that the mission had been compromised. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present as the body of the American commando killed in the raid, Chief Petty Officer William Owens, was returned home. It was the first military death on the new commander in chief’s watch. Mr. Spicer insisted on Thursday that the commandos had accomplished their mission, even though “it is tough to ever use the word ‘success’ when you know that somebody has lost their life. ” His explanation did not quell calls from human rights groups and at least one Democratic member of the House Armed Services Committee for an investigation into the mission and the allegations of civilian casualties. The Central Command said on Wednesday that civilian casualties were likely and that it was investigating. According to Al Qaeda’s branch in Yemen, the dead include the    daughter of Anwar   the   Qaeda leader who was killed in a targeted drone strike in 2011. Planning for the mission started months ago, Mr. Spicer said. On Nov. 7, the Central Command submitted its plan to the Pentagon for review. The Defense Department approved it on Dec. 19, and the plan was sent to Mr. Obama’s National Security Council staff. On Jan. 6, a meeting of senior Obama security aides, called the deputies committee, recommended that the plan go forward, Mr. Spicer said. Military officials have said that Mr. Obama did not act because the Pentagon wanted to launch the attack on a moonless night, and the next one after the meeting would come after Mr. Obama’s term had ended. On Jan. 24, shortly after taking office, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis read the plan and sent it back to the White House with his support. On Jan. 25, Mr. Trump was briefed by his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, on the plan and on Mr. Mattis’s endorsement. Mr. Trump summoned Mr. Mattis to dinner at the White House that night, along with Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Mr. Flynn. Also attending were two of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers, Jared Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, as well as Vice President Mike Pence and Mike Pompeo, the C. I. A. director. “The operation was laid out in great extent,” Mr. Spicer said. “The indication at that time was to go ahead. ” On Jan. 26, last Thursday, Mr. Trump formally signed the memo authorizing the action, Mr. Spicer said. Mr. Mattis and other aides updated the president on the raid throughout the night Saturday, Mr. Spicer said. Members of Mr. Obama’s national security team pushed back Thursday at Mr. Spicer’s description of how the former president had set the stage for the decision. They said the attack had not been approved by Mr. Obama, and that materials left for the Trump team emphasized considerable risks. “Not what happened,” Colin Kahl, the national security adviser to former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. wrote on Twitter after Mr. Spicer’s briefing. Mr. Kahl’s colleagues said that Lisa Monaco, Mr. Obama’s homeland security adviser, told the national security staff in early January that Mr. Obama was not prepared to approve the concept for the raid. Instead, they prepared a memorandum for Mr. Trump’s team that described a variety of options, and underscored the risks.",0
10585,Trump Whistles His Dogs,"By Gilad Atzmon on November 2, 2016 Gilad Atzmon — gilad.co.uk Nov 1, 2016 In her recent Washington Post Article , Jewish academic Cheryl Greenberg makes one valid observation. Trump’s criticism of the Jews is far more subtle than his disapproval of other groups and identities (Mexicans, Muslims, Women etc). Though Trump is not known for pulling his punches, when it comes to the Jews, Trump chooses his words very carefully. Trump, according to Greenberg, is so careful “that it’s not clear that Trump himself fully understands the implications of what he’s saying.” I guess that the Jewish academic couldn’t restrain herself from looking down at the Goy candidate. Greenberg sees Trump as a puppet-master who controls his audience by means of ‘dog whistling’. “Trump’s references to money, bankers and international conspiracies appear to be deliberate anti-Semitic dog whistles, and his alt-right supporters recognize (and celebrate) that.” Greenberg elaborates on her observation, “first of all, dog whistles serve when overt expressions are not an option; they communicate to those who are familiar with the conspiracy theories but maintain plausible deniability.” According to Greenberg, when Trump wants to communicate a message about the Jews, he uses an indecipherable code intelligible only to half of the Americans… Greenberg and the ADL. If Greenberg is correct, if Trump says ‘international Bankers’ but really means Jews, then both the Republican candidate and half of the American people are fearful of the Jews. They must very well understand what a confrontation with Jewish institutions may entail. They know that, in America, criticism of Mexicans, Women, and Muslims is a kosher territory but even a subtle criticism of Jews may cost them dearly. One may wonder, how did this happen? What is the substance of that magical power that empowers half of Americans to speak in codes when they think about Jews? Greenberg seems to raise the right question just to come up with the wrong answer. “Why would anti-Semitism not be an overt option, while racism, sexism, and xenophobia are?” “Americans are less willing to accept blatant anti-Semitism than racism,” Greenberg’s answers. What Greenberg really wants to say is that Americans can be racists and can say whatever they like about whoever they want. But when it comes to Jews, they refrain. Americans do know very well the geography of the boundaries of correctness. Jewish power is for them ataboo, at least momentarily. America and Americans are fully aware of the enormous power that is bestowed in the hands of just a few Jewish oligarchs within ubiquitous industries of media, finance, politics, and culture. America would have loved to dissolve the situation peacefully but it can’t. Jewish power can’t be contained or suppressed because we are not even allowed to allude to it, let alone point it out. Jewish power is defined as the power to silence criticism of Jewish power. Jewish power, as such, is a ticking timebomb. It is a unique form of self-destructiveness. The history of the Jews proves this point. Time after time it is Jewish power that sets the path towards a glamorous Jewish golden age that leads to the most severe tragic consequences. The Jewish phobia of anti semitism is not driven by fear of the gentile. It is actually the other way around. The Jewish fear of antisemitism is the result of Jews being fearful of their own might. Jews tend to recognise that there is something in themselves that evokes animosity from others. This is the true meaning of the Jewish “Pre Traumatic Stress Syndrome”. It is the acceptance that from here forward, things can only get worse. Many Jews see in Trump’s popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power. They interpret the nostalgic yearning for ‘America being great’ as a pining for a Christian past. Something that predates Goldman Sachs’ and Soros’ dominion. The Jewish aggression towards Trump can be realised as an expression of Jewish guilt. Yet, Trump himself has very little to do with it. He married his daughter to a Jew. He trades with Jews, he loves Israel. He is almost as Jewish as the Clintons. Greenberg is optimistic. For her, Trump’s popularity is “the final gasping of white supremacy”. His voters – pretty much half of the American people – are dogs reacting to a man with a whistle. I am not as optimistic as Greenberg. I think that exploring such contempt towards half of the American people in the name of a vague progressive mantra is a very dangerous game. It suggests to me that progressives have reached a state of complete detachment.",0
10586,Beyoncé’s ‘Lemonade’ Comes to iTunes - The New York Times,"When Beyoncé’s album “Lemonade” was released late Saturday night, it was available only on Tidal, a big win for that subscription streaming service, in which Beyoncé is a part owner. But Tidal’s period of exclusivity appears to be quite short  —   just 24 hours, as the album is expected to be released for sale on iTunes at midnight on Sunday, according to two people briefed on the plans for the release, who, following the usual ironclad rules of secrecy surrounding Beyoncé’s projects, were not authorized to discuss them. Apple declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Beyoncé did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Late Sunday afternoon, Tidal announced that in addition to its streaming version of “Lemonade,” it would be selling a version for download at $17. 99. A Tidal spokesman said that the service would have the exclusive streaming version “in perpetuity. ” Amazon also confirmed that it would soon begin selling both digital and physical versions of the album. The brief window of exclusivity for Tidal reflects the growing complexity and fragmentation of the digital music market. For Beyoncé, whose every move is watched intensely by the music business, releasing an album comes with seemingly irreconcilable pressures regarding, on the one hand, managing her business interests and, on the other, reaching as wide an audience as possible. Adele declined to stream her blockbuster album “25” on any service, and Taylor Swift removed all her albums from Spotify before the release of “1989,” her latest album, which is available on Apple Music, the company’s streaming service. As a partner in Tidal  —   the service that her husband, Jay Z, bought just over a year ago for $56 million and reintroduced as an   alternative to Spotify  —   Beyoncé faced a strong incentive to release the album exclusively through that outlet, to draw attention to the service and attract subscribers to it. Yet with Tidal claiming just three million subscribers, she would risk alienating the vast majority of the online market if she were to keep the album on that service alone for too long. (Spotify has 30 million paying subscribers, and Apple Music has 11 million.) And the extremely brief window for keeping “Lemonade”  —   a   video album whose   companion film had its premiere on HBO on Saturday night  —   restricted to Tidal shows how intense the pressure is for a star of Beyoncé’s stature to reach as many fans as she can. When Tidal was reintroduced to the public last year by Jay Z, a key part of its strategy was to offer exclusive content from a tag team of superstar acts, whose fame and artistic power would draw new consumers. (Tidal also offered   audio than most streaming platforms, as well as a rich video catalog and other benefits like splashy live events.) After months of struggles, including the troubled release of Rihanna’s latest album, “Anti,” which began as a Tidal exclusive, the strategy has seemed to be paying off well lately. In February Tidal released “The Life of Pablo” by Kanye West, another partner, which the company said brought in 250 million streams in just 10 days, and held on to its exclusive for nearly two months. And the last week has been a big one for Tidal. In addition to Beyoncé’s release, the service was the only streaming outlet that had the complete catalog of Prince, who died unexpectedly on Thursday. Those two stars alone are capable of driving an enormous amount of traffic and potential subscribers to Tidal, although the company has not released details on its streaming numbers for either act. For Beyoncé, and for the business closely monitoring her moves, the effect of “Lemonade” was not immediately clear on Sunday. This Friday, a new album is expected by Drake, who has had a close relationship with Apple and for much of the last year released most of his music through Apple Music first, before releasing it more widely after about a week. Exclusivity, it seems, is as flexible as the music business, and its biggest stars, need it to be.",0
10587,FBI: Major Cities Hit by 21.6 Percent Spike in Murders - Breitbart,"Violent crime, including murder, continued its rise across the country during the first half of 2016, and the largest cities seeing a 21. 6 percent increase in murders, says a new FBI report. [Comparing the first six months of 2015 to the first six months of 2016, the FBI found murders rose 5. 2 percent, aggravated assaults rose 6. 5 percent, robbery rose 3. 2 percent, and rapes under both the “legacy” and “revised” definitions increased 4. 4 percent and 3. 5 percent, respectively.  The report was issued days after President Barack Obama publicly denied the rising tide of crime. “There is no growing crime wave,” Obama insisted in an essay for the Harvard law Review, published Jan. 5. Regardless of Obama’s statements, crime rates rose nationwide, the FBI report shows: Violent crime increased in all city groupings. Among cities, violent crime rose the most over the previous year (9. 7 percent) in those with populations of 1, 000, 000 and over. In cities with populations from 500, 000 to 999, 999, violent crime increased 5. 2 percent, and in cities with 250, 000 to 499, 999 inhabitants, violent crime was up 4. 3 percent. Violent crime increased 6. 3 percent in metropolitan counties and rose 1. 6 percent in nonmetropolitan counties. Violent crime increased in all four regions of the nation. These crimes were up 6. 4 percent in the West, 5. 9 percent in both the Midwest and in the South, and 1. 2 percent in the Northeast, U. S. cities with populations of one million or more people include New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Antonio, San Diego, and Dallas. The largest cities saw shocking increases in violent crime compared to the first half of 2015: Overall, violent crime increased 9. 7 percent. Murders spiked 21. 6 percent. Rapes under the revised definition —  defined as “penetration, no matter how slight, of the vagina or anus with any body part or object, or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person, without the consent of the victim” —  rose 11. 3 percent. Robbery increased 6. 3 percent. Aggravated assault rose 11. 4 percent. Burglary declined by 5. 4 percent, while motor vehicle thefts rose 5. 9 percent and larceny rose 3. 3 percent. Arson rose 5. 3 percent. While property crimes declined overall at 0. 6 percent, they rose in the largest U. S. cities by 2. 1 percent. As Breitbart News previously reported, the FBI’s 2015 crime report revealed a 10. 8 percent increase in murders from 2014 to 2015 —  the largest increase in a single year since 1971 —  and a 3. 9 percent increase in violent crime overall. Chicago’s gun crime death toll is so high it’s distorting national murder figures. TheWall Street Journal reports  “37 of the 65 largest police agencies” counted homicide increases in 2016. Obama claimed in his Harvard essay that “there is no growing crime wave. ” That claim ignores the dramatic murder wave that took place under his watch, and allows him to ignore the bodies of at least 1, 500 additional dead Americans to declare that crime remains “near historic lows. ” Under Obama, the nation is seeing the sudden reversal of a   decline in violent crime. The reversal began in 2014, after the Ferguson race riot and as he launched his “  ” campaign against state and local police. The FBI was quick to see the reversal. In October 2015, FBI Director James Comey said “part of the explanation” for rising crime “is a chill wind blowing through American law enforcement over the last year,” implicitly criticizing Obama’s strategy of using   activist groups and his Justice Department’s law enforcement regulations to reshape local policing. The reversal also comes as Obama releases more criminals from prison. Obama has also boasted of that he will be the “first president in decades to leave office with a federal prison population lower than when I took office. ” That’s true, according to a vocal critic of Obama’s    attitude towards incarceration rates: Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton says the administration used revised sentencing guidelines to release 30, 000 felons from federal prison, bringing the total number of federal prisoners to fewer than 200, 000. And Obama has continued to commute the sentences of drug traffickers as drugs kill more Americans.  In 2014, more than 47, 000 people died from   deaths. Thanks to Obama’s commutations, former armed drug traffickers will be back in American communities as early as March.",0
10588,"IEX Group, Critical of Wall St., Gains Approval for Stock Exchange - The New York Times","America is getting a new stock exchange from the most prominent critics of   trading. After months of delays and a brutal lobbying battle that divided Wall Street, the IEX Group won approval on Friday from the Securities and Exchange Commission to become the nation’s 13th official stock exchange. IEX is run by the people at the center of the Michael Lewis book, “Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt,” which profiles the early efforts of the IEX team to create a trading exchange that would be somewhat shielded from   traders. Other exchanges and trading firms had urged the S. E. C. to reject the IEX application to become an exchange. Opponents of IEX, including the other stock exchanges, have argued that the structure of the new exchange will add unnecessary new complexities into an already complex stock market, and potentially end up hurting small investors. But the three S. E. C. commissioners all voted on Friday to approve the IEX exchange, with one commissioner, Michael S. Piwowar, a Republican, dissenting on a few points. “Today’s actions promote competition and innovation, which our equity markets depend on to continue to deliver robust, efficient service to both retail and institutional investors,” Mary Jo White, the S. E. C. chairwoman, said in a statement. The most novel and controversial feature of the IEX exchange is a   speed bump that would slow down trading slightly to throw off traders that rely only on speed. The speed bump slows trades down by only 350 microseconds  —   or millionths of a second  —   but that is an eternity in a stock exchange universe in which computers can buy and sell stocks in nanoseconds  —   or billionths of a second. The Nasdaq, and other existing exchanges, have said that the IEX’s speed bump will violate rules mandating that exchanges make their prices available to all parties at the same time. IEX’s critics have also said that the speed bump could add new complications into a stock market infrastructure that is already criticized for its complexity. In a statement, the S. E. C. said that the commissioners “determined that a small delay will not prevent investors from accessing stock prices in a fair and efficient manner. ” The S. E. C. did say, though, that within two years it will do a study to examine whether the delays lead to problems in the markets. If nothing else, the approval of the exchange will provide an opportunity to test the many competing theories about what impact the IEX’s speed bump will have on the pattern of trading. The IEX has been a flash point in the broader debate over technological changes that have altered the basic functioning of the American stock markets over the last two decades. IEX won support  —   and financial backing  —   from several large mutual fund companies, which said that the exchange would help them trade more cheaply and efficiently, as well as from hundreds of small investors, many of whom read “Flash Boys” and wrote in to the S. E. C. Brad Katsuyama, the chief executive of IEX, said on Friday night that the company was “grateful and humbled by the support we’ve received from the investor community, without it, we may have faced a different result. ” In addition to the speed bump, the IEX has said it will not offer the same fees or rebates that other exchanges do to attract traders, a common practice at other exchanges that has been criticized for distorting trading incentives. The IEX also offers fewer complicated ways to enter trades than other exchanges, in an effort to simplify trading. Mr. Katsuyama has argued throughout the application process that IEX would provide a   solution to the problems created by   trading rather than requiring the S. E. C. to change the rules governing the markets. The other exchanges have complained that the IEX was essentially asking to be exempt from rules that governed them. In a letter written in May, Nasdaq’s lawyers suggested that the S. E. C. could face a lawsuit if it approved the IEX application. A spokesman for Nasdaq said on Friday that the exchange company had no comment on the S. E. C. ’s decision. Larry Tabb, a market analyst with the Tabb Group, said the IEX speed bump could end up benefiting more sophisticated traders, like   traders, who can find ways to take advantage of the small delays. “It hurts the broad middle who may not have access to the best tools,” Mr. Tabb said. The hedge fund and trading firm Citadel has been one of the most outspoken critics of the IEX application. On Friday, a spokeswoman for Citadel said that the S. E. C. ’s decision “will test and potentially reverse the gains in fairness, efficiency and transparency that have been made to our markets over the last decade. We must be vigilant to identify unintended consequences. ” Another relatively new American stock exchange company, BATS Global Markets, initially supported the IEX application, but earlier this year withdrew its support, pointing to “gross omissions of fact” by IEX. BATS wrote that the problems “call into question the applicant’s professional judgment. ” On Friday, a BATS spokesman, Randy Williams, said that the company “congratulates IEX and appreciates the significant changes they made to their application to address industry concerns. ” IEX has already been operating as a private trading pool and has recently been attracting about 1. 6 percent of all daily trading volume.",0
10589,This Poison-Free Pest Control Method Will Cheer Up Your Garden,"Attract beneficial types of birds to your garden and watch your plants flourish! 
Nuthatches Nuthatches search crevices for ants, scale, beetles, moth eggs, caterpillars, and cocoons. During the winter season, they feed on seeds and nuts, but during the summer season, they are 100% insectivorous. They also raise their young exclusively on insects. 

Nuthatches are most likely to settle into nesting boxes that are located in clearings in or along the edges of wooded areas. 

Chickadees During the winter, chickadees can be seen searching bark crevices for hibernating insects and the eggs of moths, plant lice, pear psylla, and katydids. 

Chickadees are wonderful pest-control birds due to their diet consisting of 90% insects including moths, caterpillars, flies, beetles, scale, plant lice, leafhoppers, and tree hoppers. 

You can provide some suet in a mesh bag or a feeder filled with sunflower seeds to keep chickadees around over the winter season. In the spring, provide a nest box packed with wood chips. It is best to place the nest box at the edge of a wooded area. 

Bluebirds During the spring, western bluebirds eat insects such as grasshoppers, beetles, weevils, crickets, and caterpillars. Bluebirds prefer to nest in sunny, open areas. 

The perfect nest box for these birds should be mounted on a post within 50 feet of a tree, fence, or other structure away from bushy hedgerows. 

Although sparrows mostly rely on seeds for their diet, they also enjoy eating insects, especially during nesting season. Sparrows often prefer weed seeds, such as crabgrass, ragweed, and pigweed, so their seed eating habit is even beneficial to crops. 

The insects of choice for sparrows include grasshoppers, caterpillars, beetles, leafhoppers, and beetles. 
Warning: In warmer areas, sparrows sometimes supplement their diet with winter garden crops by clipping off seedlings and sprouts. You can avoid this by using row covers to protect your crops. 
Provide nesting material for sparrows to use. Good material to provide include straw, bark, and pieces of string. 

Nighthawks These little birds enjoy eating flying ants, leaf chafers, flies, mosquitoes, moths, and grasshoppers. Nighthawks even eat Colorado potato beetles, squash bugs, and cucumber beetles. 

There is not much that can be done to attract nighthawks but you can watch out for their eggs and be careful not to harm them. Nighthawks are known to lay 1 to 3 whitish olive eggs with dark blotches on stumps, sandy soils, old robin’s nests, and even gravel. 


Phoebes Phoebes will feast on everything from flies, mosquitoes, small moths, flying ants, and small beetles to grasshoppers, crickets, and caterpillars. 

You can use water to entice these stealthy hunters into your yard. Phoebes enjoy building their mud nests in, on, or around manmade structures. Attract them by providing them with a safe nesting area. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She is currently finishing her last year at The Evergreen State College getting her undergraduate degree in Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram. 
Photo Credits:",0
10590,Forget online shopping – these 7 deals are what makes the high street great!,"Next Swipe left/right Forget online shopping – these 7 deals are what makes the high street great! Yes, internet shopping is easy and convenient – but look at the kind of amazing deals you’ll miss out on if you don’t go down the high street…
1.",0
10591,Trump Supporter Attacked by Hillary Zombies,"Prison Planet.com October 26, 2016 
Infowars reporter Owen Shroyer speaks to a Trump supporter that was attacked by Hillary zombies at a polling station in Austin, Texas. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:13 am Share this article",0
10592,Tubman’s In. Jackson’s Out. What’s It Mean? - The New York Times,"The United States is adding a few new faces to its currency. Harriet Tubman will appear on the front of a new $20 bill to be unveiled in 2020, and a pair of civil rights scenes, one featuring suffragist leaders, will appear on the backs of redesigned $5 and $10 bills, the Treasury Department said on Wednesday. The old faces will remain. Alexander Hamilton stays on the front of the $10 and Andrew Jackson moves to the back of the $20. But there will be women in American wallets for the first time in more than a century (when Martha Washington appeared) and   for the first time in the nation’s history. Wesley Morris, a    Jennifer Schuessler, a culture reporter, and Binyamin Appelbaum, who covers the economy, talk about what the monetary makeover all means. SCHUESSLER: For all the debate over the past year about the fate of Hamilton, the top news here is really that Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the $20, becoming the first   to appear on the front of a United States bank note. The Treasury won’t release the design until 2020, but people are already sharing Photoshopped Tubman twenties online, and they feel wonderfully jolting and radical. What do you think? Does having her on the bill make a real difference  —   either to how we think about our history, or how we think about our money? APPELBAUM: I think it does make a difference. There were more than 8. 5 billion $20 bills in circulation last year. Our money is right up there with the Golden Arches as an instantly and globally recognizable emblem of America. And our bills are stale. The seven white men on the seven notes in general circulation were all dead by 1885. Ulysses S. Grant is the only one who lived past the end of the Civil War. More than half of American history has happened since. Countries historically have used their currency to make sure everyone knows who’s in charge. The United Kingdom still puts the queen on every single bill, although she always has company. Putting Tubman on the $20 strikes me as a powerful and necessary realignment of our symbols and our professed values. I guess one question on my mind is this: Do these changes go far enough? Tubman isn’t exactly a modern figure she died in 1913. And amazingly, there’s still a Masonic pyramid on the back of the $1 bill. MORRIS: Oooo, Binyamin. You mess with that pyramid, and the Illuminati will hunt you down. Stand down, man! And by “illuminati,” I mean in 100 years we might be talking about Beyoncé on all currency. Just kidding. Those meetings started happening last week. Harriet Tubman died in 1913 (  New York Times obituary right here! Two paragraphs.) but her legacy endures. Her legacy is typing a third of this conversation. But ought there be a degree of catching up? For instance, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who died in 1902, is deserving of more than the possible “Avengers” treatment Treasury apparently has planned for suffragists. Having Tubman on cash is not simply reparative, although the idea of seeing her face and hearing her name during the months of the year that aren’t February becomes nourishment in itself. Having her on cash is to me an uncontroversial  . But generally, yes, let’s get some more modern candidates on our moola. SCHUESSLER: Speaking of the “Avengers” treatment, does anyone else find the plans for the new $10 a little awkward? Hamilton will stay on the front, while the picture of the Treasury Department Building on the back will be replaced with an image of a 1913 women’s suffrage march that ended at that building, along with portraits of five suffrage leaders. There’s currently only one bill that features a group scene: the $2 bill, introduced in 1976, which shows Jefferson on the front and the presentation of a draft of the Declaration of Independence on the back. This makes sense, as  —   in a more indirect way  —   does the   plan to add images of Eleanor Roosevelt, Marian Anderson and Martin Luther King Jr. to the back of the $5, which has Abraham Lincoln on the front. The Treasury Building connection aside, does pairing of Hamilton with suffragists make any sense? Or does it simply reflect the strange currency politics of our moment? APPELBAUM: Oh, it’s clearly a political marriage. Jack Lew, the secretary of the Treasury, did something fairly unusual, at least by Washington standards: He changed his mind. Mr. Lew announced last year, to great fanfare, that the government would put a woman on the $10. He apparently had Susan B. Anthony in mind. (There are lots of great women in American history, but somehow Anthony is the one the government always wants to put on money.) Well, it turned out this was the wrong moment to mess with Alexander Hamilton, who as you may have heard is currently starring on Broadway. Lew also was stung by his own peer group. Ben Bernanke, the former Federal Reserve chairman, said publicly that he was “appalled,” which is pretty much the strongest language I’ve ever heard him use about anything. So Treasury needed another bill. Andrew Jackson actually thought the United States shouldn’t print paper money. He was also a bad president. So he gets shunted to the back of the $20, and Hamilton stays on the front of the $10 and women get the balance of the real estate. MORRIS: It’s awkward! It’s also fascinating. The conceptual coups of the show reside in its placing the stress on Hamilton’s being an outsider and having that status align with the modern conversation about who “belongs” in this country. In the show, that line, “Immigrants, we get the job done” simultaneously brings down the house and electrifies it. It’s exhilaratingly punctual. This is to say that an amazing thing has happened to Hamilton thanks to the success of the show. He’s the subject of Ron Chernow’s book, but now he’s also   Miranda. So to Mr. Miranda’s fans (and to Hamilton’s   partisans) removing him from the $10 bill might feel like apostasy, confirming not only how cool this guy suddenly is, but how he has been recast as nonwhite  —   and, consequently, how protected he is by our current identity politics. SCHUESSLER: Exactly. Am I crazy to think that the show has effectively turned Hamilton  —   a white man born in the British West Indies  —   into our nonwhite founder, or our   founder, in a Bill Clinton “first black president” kind of way? It has certainly made Hamilton, an unabashed elitist, into a populist hero, embraced by people who (like me) probably didn’t quite notice until the last year that he was even on our currency. But is it important that the people on our money, and in our history books, are likable and relatable (to use two good   words)? APPELBAUM: I’d like to admire the people on our currency, but it’s unlikely that “we,” in the sense of all Americans, are going to agree about any given historical figure. The eurozone has skirted this problem by putting bridges on its bank notes. And they’re not even actual bridges: just archetypes of different styles: Classical on the five euro note, Romanesque on the 10 euro note, and so forth. Putting presidents on currency is also a kind of safe harbor. Those are the 43 people who have actually won a national popularity contest. Tubman now joins the shorter list of nonpresidents who have been selected as “representative Americans,” alongside Hamilton and Benjamin Franklin. MORRIS: Jenny, I can tell you a story that’s worse than never looking at my money. On Saturdays, I go to the same ATM to withdraw cash for the week. I prefer that particular set of machines because it gives out $10s and $50s, and getting them feels, I don’t know, special. Well, last weekend it gave me a $100 bill that, in the shallow pockets of my sweats, might have as well have been a one, since the money was quickly gone. That’s a little story about why I hate “athleisure. ” It’s also a story about why I hate cash. But this Harriet Tubman news will make me reconsider. For one thing, she’s  “representative. ” For another, $20 bills are the favorite denomination of most ATMs, and I predict I’ll feel scrupulous in spending it. How do I pay for a   of toilet paper with a Tubman? Who knows, my savings game might go through the roof. And even if who’s on what money doesn’t matter to most people, it definitely matters to rebellious rappers, who’ll have to adjust their rhymes to take in what it means to have a great black woman stacked among what “dead presidents” are still standing (Sorry, Mr. Jackson). SCHUESSLER: Speaking of national popularity contests, it’s interesting  —   if surely coincidental  —   that “Hamilton”  has helped delay putting a woman on the front of a bill, just at the moment when we may elect an actual woman president. (The Tubman bill won’t circulate until after 2020.) If Hillary Clinton wins the White House, how many decades will it be before she’s on the money? (And don’t you want to still be alive for those arguments?) APPELBAUM: So there’s a legal hurdle: To quote “Hamilton,” you have to be “super dead” before you’re eligible to be portrayed on American currency. There’s also the Mount Rushmore problem. The bar is always lower for initial membership. Once the lineup is full, each decision is doubled: Every addition also requires a subtraction. Which raises an important question: Does Hamilton deserve to keep his spot? SCHUESSLER: Oh man! I’m wary of answering that before I take a course in  . And I’ll leave responding to your sick burn of Jackson as a “bad president” to professional historians and political scientists, who have often ranked him in the top 10  —   well ahead of Ulysses S. Grant, our man on the $50. Sticking just to the founders, I’d venture that Hamilton has as good a claim as anyone after Washington and Jefferson (especially as played by Daveed Diggs). But the changes also raise another question: Should we introduce lots more people on currency? APPELBAUM: The United Kingdom rotates the faces on its currency every few years, so it can honor a range of great Britains. Jane Austen is due for a turn on the   note starting next year. The British chancellor, God save him, tweeted that the choice showed “sense and sensibility. ” Bad jokes aside, they’re on to something. Rotating the honor would allow recognition for a broader group of notable Americans, and it would take the pressure off each decision. MORRIS: That’s been my whole problem with the stress of this conversation ever since it heated up last summer: the pressure. Just flip these suckers. That would temper the pernicious exasperation of White Male Threat. You can depict white guys and everybody else, opening our currency to a galaxy of history, as opposed to this limiting Rushmore approach we’ve got now  —   sorry, no space for you! Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt and Marian Anderson will be on the back of the $5 bill. But I’m interested in fronts. Why not have stints for folks like Ida B. Wells, Clara Barton, Charles R. Drew, Marian Anderson, Jackie Cochran, Cesar Chavez, Paul Robeson, Frederick Douglass, Sojourner Truth, Shirley Chisholm, Nelly Bly, August Wilson, Amelia Earhart, Richard Pryor and James Wong Howe: Americans who helped make America great before it was deemed in need of being made great again. SCHUESSLER: I’d personally like to see some writers on our currency. Just sticking to the   and     classics, what about Phillis Wheatley, or Emily Dickinson, or Walt Whitman, who after all wrote a lot about the color green? APPELBAUM: You’ll love the new Austen note, which features the “Pride and Prejudice” line, “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading. ” SCHUESSLER: So true, my dear Jane! After, of course, the enjoyment of listening to the “Hamilton” album.",0
10593,Trump’s Win Wasn’t Ideological. It Was Brilliant.,"  Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse CNN explained well “5 surprising lessons from Trump’s astonishing win” , and the historic crushing failure of traditional Presidential-year American politics, but it really boils down to one simple fact: In the battleground states, where most of the advertising dollars and get-out-the-vote money was being spent, the Trump organization made use of the Republican-Party organization in those portions of the campaign-operation that benefited from those established contacts and its tried-and-tested methods and techniques, but not in the portions of the campaign-operation that needed to be improved and to function better than in all prior U.S. Presidential elections. The simple fact is that Trump’s understanding of U.S. national politics was transcendent, better even than that of the candidate whom all of the polls during the political primaries showed to be the most preferred by the most people and thus to be able to beat any of the other contestants in a one-on-one electoral choice against any of the others: Bernie Sanders. (See this and this for the evidence on that.) (And if there were any remaining doubt as to why he was, consider this report from Reuters near 3AM on Wednesday November 9th, right after the voting: “U.S. voters want leader to end advantage of rich and powerful – Reuters/Ipsos poll” . For example, this poll of 10,000 people leaving their polling-places showed: “75 percent agree that ‘America needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful.’” That had been Bernie Sanders’s message, too. Trump’s campaign brought people like that out to vote.) Sanders may have been right to think that highest net approval-rating is generally the biggest single predictive factor determining a Presidential candidate’s winning the White House (and he had the highest net-approval rating), but he (like his opponent Hillary Clinton) missed the importance of the emotional-intensity factor, which Trump made virtuosic use of . (This can be seen clearly when you look further at the exit-poll results: the actual people who went to the polls — the people sampled in the exit-polling — were fundamentally different from the cross-section of America’s ‘likely voters’ that were sampled in the pre-election polling! Trump trumped all traditional politics. This achievement is simply astounding.) Whereas Sanders failed to recognize that in Democratic Party primaries there was more emotional intensity for the existing, Clinton-Obama, anti-FDR, Democratic Party, than there was for ideological progressivism (FDR’s legacy, which dominated the Democratic Party prior to Bill Clinton’s win in 1992) (and Hillary’s understanding of that turned out to have been correct), and so the incompetent but aristocracy-backed politician Hillary Clinton was able to steal the Democratic Party nomination from him, Trump was able easily to garner the most primary votes in a crowded 17-candidate field and so to become the nominee of one of the two major political Parties and go on to face the incompetent Hillary in the general election. From Bernie Sanders’s standpoint, such a general-election contest, between two candidates both of whom had hugely net-negative approval-ratings, couldn’t have made much political sense, and so he chose to endorse the thief Hillary and become a non-entity in the post-1992 and profoundly corrupt Democratic Party, instead of to found an authentically independent political movement — not political Party but political movement — which would honestly and without partisanship cherry-pick which candidates, from which of the two political Parties, will, on balance, as against the given candidate’s opponent, provide the highest benefit and least harm toward advancing the progressive cause. (That was the only constructive path forward for him after Hillary robbed him.) He chose the stick-in-the-mud route. Sanders opted to become just a cog in an ugly greasy pro-aristocracy machine, the Democratic Party wing of the U.S. aristocracy. After the Republican Party’s nomination was won by Trump (which he did honestly), he went on to build on that success an authentic anti-aristocracy (or ‘anti-Establishment’) movement, beside and outside the Republican Party. His basic anti-aristocracy message remained unchanged, and he, as the Republican nominee, faced the biggest decision-point in his entire campaign: whether now to reach out to the millions of Sanders’s voters (i.e., the largest of all voting-segments) by joining with now Hillary’s — the post-1992, Bill Clinton’s, Democratic Party’s — emphasis upon both race and gender over economic class as what’s posing the biggest barrier to achieving equality of economic opportunity in America (in which case, Trump would have adopted Hillary Clinton’s basic campaign message), or, instead, to stay with his original message that economic class (and the elite’s “corruption” behind that) poses the biggest barrier against achieving “the equal-opportunity society.” Trump — wisely, as it now turns out — chose the latter path (the original Bernie Sanders’ basic message): he was determined to retain the intensity-advantage (the ‘populist’ thrust), so as to be able to bring the largest numbers of voters to the polls on Election Day in the toss-up states and crush his opponent who was looking to win a ‘coalition’ of voting- segments : women, Blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, etcetera. She thought that those people’s personal group-identification would sufficiently surmount any negative feelings they might have regarding her long history of corrupt use of public office to advantage her financial supporters, so that she would beat ‘the bigot’, Donald Trump; she turned out to be wrong . What will be the important consequences of Trump’s win? I, a Bernie Sanders voter, voted for Trump against Hillary, for the reasons that I have earlier stated, describing the consequences that a Trump win would have. (See: “I’m a Bernie Sanders Voter: Here’s Why I’ll Vote Trump ” .) I summed up, on that occasion: Trump is rapidly moving America’s political center in the opposite direction from the direction that Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton, did, which was toward conservatism, away from progressivism: those conservative Democratic Presidents and (now) would-be President, have moved America’s political center considerably toward the right ( the international-corporate agenda ). A President Trump would reverse the political direction that this country has been heading in ever since 1993. If we progressives don’t help Trump to do that, we shall be throwing away the only such opportunity that the U.S. oligarchy (slipped-up and) allowed us to have. A President Hillary Clinton would have the support of almost all congressional Democrats no matter how right-wing her proposals are, and her big-money financial backers will buy enough congressional Republicans to make her the most effective most conservative Democratic President in decades if not centuries. The prospect is chilling. The biggest objection I hear to that from my fellow progressives is: “But think of the people he’ll appoint to the U.S. Supreme Court!” And my answer to that is: “This Is No ‘Cold War’; It’s Far Worse Than That.” Hillary Clinton has been intensely committed to completing Barack Obama’s drive toward nuclear war against Russia, and even the question of the Supreme Court is trivial in comparison to that. Furthermore, as I argued in “I’m a Bernie Sanders Voter: Here’s Why I’ll Vote Trump ” , Trump might actually turn out to be a far more progressive President than he is expected to be. But, even if that turns out not to be the case, Trump is thoroughly committed to halting America’s aggression against Russia: the biggest loser in this Presidential election is George Herbert Walker Bush, the person who in 1990 secretly established the U.S. plan to conquer Russia, which plan every U.S. President since has been carrying out , and Hillary Clinton was expecting to complete that operation. This was thus a historic U.S. election: finally, the U.S. government will turn away from the path toward war against Russia, upon which path the United States has been leading the world ever since 1990. I am shocked, and enormously relieved, at the result — even if Trump turns out to be a bad (i.e., a conservative, the opposite of a progressive) President on all other matters (including the Supreme Court). Even in the worst-case scenario, Trump will be a much better President than would the neoconservative , Hillary Clinton. Thank you, Donald Trump! Without your achievement here, the likely result now would be catastrophic, even worse than what Hillary Clinton did as U.S. Secretary of State .",0
10594,"For Europe, There’s a New Threat in Town: The U.S. - The New York Times","LONDON  —   The European Union is accustomed to crises. But it is probably safe to say that none of the 28 leaders who are gathering in Malta on Friday expected the crisis that has overtaken the agenda: the United States of America. Like much of the world, the European Union is struggling to decipher a President Trump who seems every day to be picking a new fight with a new nation, whether friend or foe. Hopes among European leaders that Mr. Trump’s bombastic tone as a candidate would somehow smooth into a more temperate one as commander in chief are dissipating, replaced by a mounting sense of anxiety and puzzlement over how to proceed. If many foreign leaders expected a Trump administration to push to renegotiate trade deals, or take a tough line on immigration, few anticipated that he would become an equal opportunity offender. He has insulted or humiliated Mexico, Britain, Germany and Iraq engaged in a war of words with China and Iran and turned a routine phone call with the prime minister of Australia, a staunch ally, into a minor diplomatic crisis. With the possible exception of NATO, where he has softened his tone, Mr. Trump has expressed disdain for other multilateral institutions such as the European Union. His praise has been reserved for populists and strongmen, like Nigel Farage, the former leader of the U. K. Independence Party, President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and, of course, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. Mr. Trump is convinced that the United States has been played for a patsy by the rest of the world and is vowing to set things straight. “We’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually,” he said on Thursday at a prayer breakfast. “It’s not going to happen anymore. ” Against this forbidding backdrop, some European leaders are urging their counterparts to recognize that Mr. Trump may represent a truly dire challenge, one that threatens to upend not only the   European project of integration and security, but just about everything they stand for, including liberal democracy itself. A European official, Donald Tusk, created a stir this week when he wrote a letter to 27 leaders of the bloc’s 28 member states suggesting that the Trump administration presented a threat on a par with a newly assertive China, an aggressive Russia and “wars, terror and anarchy in the Middle East and Africa. ” Intentionally, he left out Britain, because it has voted to leave the bloc and its prime minister, Theresa May, has rushed with what some Europeans consider unseemly rapidity to the side of Mr. Trump, who has derided the European Union and praised Britain’s withdrawal, or “Brexit,” saying, “I don’t think it matters much for the United States. ” In his letter, Mr. Tusk, a former Polish prime minister who is the president of the European Council, made up of the national leaders, wrote of “worrying declarations” from the Trump team, adding: “Particularly the change in Washington puts the European Union in a difficult situation, with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of American foreign policy. ” Stefano Stefanini, a former Italian ambassador working in Brussels, said that Mr. Tusk “is prone to exaggeration” and that he had a specific Polish fear of Mr. Trump’s apparent coziness with Mr. Putin. But Mr. Tusk “has some justification,” Mr. Stefanini said, because he is also reacting to a complacent Brussels establishment “that he believes is shrugging off Brexit, Trump and   populism and believes it’s business as usual. ” Others say Mr. Tusk is adapting realistically to a series of new dangers posed by the new administration in Washington. Mr. Trump’s open protectionism, his contempt for the European Union and his ambivalence toward NATO are serious and damaging, which Mr. Tusk understands, said Mark Leonard, the director of the European Council on Foreign Relations. “Trump is the first American president since the E. U. was created not to be in favor of deeper European integration,” Mr. Leonard said. “Not only that, but he’s against it and sees the destruction of the European Union as in America’s interest. ” Worse, he said: “Europeans see Trump as the biggest threat to global order and the European ideal of how the world should be organized. The U. S. has been a crucial part of the ballast meant to be upholding the global order in the face of these other challenges Tusk mentions, from Russia and China to Islamic radicalism. ” “But rather than acting as a check on these forces, Trump seems to be amplifying them, and that’s pretty terrifying,” Mr. Leonard continued. “It’s like you suddenly discover that the medicine you’ve been taking is making you sicker than the illness itself. ” For his part, Mr. Trump described his confrontational diplomatic style as a necessity. “The world is in trouble, but we’re going to straighten it out, O. K.?” he said at the prayer breakfast on Thursday. “That’s what I do  —   I fix things. ” He added: “Believe me, when you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having, don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it. ” There have been other moments when Europeans judged American policies as harmful, including the Iraq war and the assaults on multilateralism early in the first term of President George W. Bush. “But Trump’s attacks are of a different scale and come when there’s a lot of indigenous turmoil anyway,” Mr. Leonard said. “He seems to be linking up with some of the scariest and darkest forces within European societies,” which all want the European Union to fail, he said. Mr. Trump’s views about Europe and his reluctance to commit to summit meetings with the European Union or even with NATO are deeply troubling for Europeans, said Leslie Vinjamuri, a professor of international relations at London’s School of Oriental and African Studies. “America’s strategy towards Europe has always been highly consequential, but up until now that strategy has been aimed at bolstering Europe,” she said. The United States has provided “that overarching protection and alliance that underpins the whole thing and makes it work,” she said. “But dealing with Russia and China is suddenly a whole different calculus if you don’t have America behind you. ” Then there is Germany and the euro. Traditionally, Europeans view Germany as the bulwark of the European Union, its largest, richest and most influential country, but uncomfortable with open leadership. Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, up for   this autumn, is viewed as practical, pragmatic and devoted to the European project, and Germans see the euro as a political sacrifice they made of the revered deutsche mark to please the French. So they deeply resent Mr. Trump’s attacks on Ms. Merkel for her refugee policy and his statements that the European Union itself is a “vehicle” for German  . Ms. Merkel was angry over comments by Peter Navarro, the director of Mr. Trump’s new National Trade Council, that Germany was manipulating a “grossly undervalued” euro to gain trade advantages over other Europeans and the United States. While Germany depends heavily on exports, annoying some of its neighbors, the value of the euro is the same for all that use it, and Ms. Merkel made clear that its value was up to the European Central Bank, not Berlin. But a protectionist America that opposes free trade is certainly unhelpful to Germany. Added to that are the comments by Ted Malloch, who has been advertising himself as Mr. Trump’s top choice to succeed Anthony L. Gardner as ambassador to the European Union. Mr. Malloch, a strong supporter of Britain leaving the bloc, has publicly said that Mr. Trump “doesn’t like an organization that is supranational, that is unelected, where the bureaucrats run amok, and is not frankly a proper democracy. ” Mr. Malloch has also referred to   Juncker, the European Commission president, as “a very adequate mayor of some city in Luxembourg,” predicted that the euro would collapse and compared the bloc to the Soviet Union. “I had in a previous career a diplomatic post where I helped bring down the Soviet Union,” he said on British television. “So maybe there’s another union that needs a little taming. ” Mr. Malloch may not get nominated, and if he does, the bloc may not accept his posting, Mr. Gardner said. Mr. Trump is “getting advice that is a caricature of the E. U. as a dysfunctional entity, not delivering and wholly inaccurate, despite all the challenges,” Mr. Gardner said, citing joint   efforts in counterterrorism, trade, sanctions, security, digital privacy and policing. “Even Mrs. May has said Britain sees a cohesive E. U. in British interests. She doesn’t want to see a disintegrating E. U. on its doorstep and nor do we. Hopefully that will be heard by others in the administration. ” Mr. Tusk, he said, has a point, trying to dissuade other European Union nations, like Hungary and Poland, from rushing to Washington to try to make separate deals, which would be illegal, with the Trump administration. China and Russia, too, have always tried to ignore the European Union and deal bilaterally with member states, something Mr. Trump seems to be encouraging. The French, who are being tough on a British withdrawal and are deeply disconcerted by Mr. Trump, see him as a bigger threat to European cohesion, said Charles Grant, director of the Center for European Reform. “They see the three great world powers  —   Russia, China and now the U. S.  —   wanting to destroy the E. U.,” he said. One impact of Mr. Trump that Mr. Tusk is clearly hoping for, Mr. Grant said, is “to reinforce a feeling of solidarity among mainstream European politicians. ” Another result, said François Heisbourg, a senior adviser with the French Foundation for Strategic Research, may be a more serious European effort at forming its own defense capacity, which may not be in the interests of NATO or the United States. The American commitment to NATO and the European Union has been unconditional since their creation, Mr. Heisbourg said. “But Trump sees alliances as transactional, and once you state that, countries like Poland, Hungary and Japan start to hedge their bets. ” But Mr. Heisbourg also notes the impact of Mr. Trump’s dark view of the world as a helpless America being taken to the cleaners by its allies. “In the Trump world there are no sunny uplands, just darkness and hatred,” he said. “And in a continent that has had its share of hatred, this resonates. ”",0
10595,Trump Gives Oval Office New Look with Gold Drapes,"The Oval Office was redecorated with gold drapes just in time for President Trump’s arrival at the White House Friday. [The drapes were a change from the crimson drapes former President Obama had in his Oval Office, the Hill reported.  The change was first spotted as Trump signed executive orders on Obamacare and other things as his initial major acts as President. The couches and other furniture seemed to be different, but the Resolute Desk, which has been in place for decades, remained, ABC News reported. Trump also returned a bust of former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the Oval Office. Obama had removed it to make room for a bust of civil rights activist Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Trump also displays the MLK bust in his office it sits on a small wooden desk. Most presidents use furnishings already in the White House collection to decorate the Oval Office, according to the White House Historical Association.",0
10596,Rick Rule,"97925 Views October 29, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager – Rick is known as one of the most “street-smart” people in the natural resource sector and gold world with nearly 40 years of experience.   USA Inc. manages over a billion and through acquisition is now part of the $7 billion   LP.   USA Inc. provides investment advice and brokerage services to high net worth individuals, institutional investors and corporate entities worldwide. Rick and his team are also successfully involved in agriculture, alternative energy, conventional energy, forestry, infrastructure, mining and water resources investing on a world wide basis. Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager – Mr. Rule has dedicated his entire adult life to many aspects of natural resource securities investing. In addition to the knowledge and experience gained in a long, successful and focused career, he has a worldwide network of contacts in the natural resource and finance worlds. As Chairman of Sprott US Holdings, Mr. Rule leads a highly skilled team of earth science and finance professionals who enjoy a worldwide reputation for resource investment management. Mr. Rule and his team have long experience in many resource sectors including agriculture, alternative energy, forestry, oil and gas, mining and water. Mr. Rule is particularly active in private placement markets, having originated and participated in hundreds of debt and equity transactions with private, pre-public and public companies.   USA Inc – (“Sprott USA”) is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies (“Sprott Group”). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering excellent long-term returns to our investors. Our investment team pursues a deeper level of knowledge and understanding which allows it to develop macroeconomic, sector and company insights. With decades of combined experience, our investment professionals will provide you with service that cannot be found in many investment management companies. Our portfolio managers have experience in the technical side of the business, so we feel that our investment advisory service is invaluable to our clients. We know that you have other obligations and priorities in your life, so let us use our experience and sector knowledge to your advantage. Please CLICK HERE for Sprott’s free report on Energy and Metals investing, and to receive Sprott’s free e-newsletter, Sprott’s Thoughts. Natural Resource Managed Account Investing RESOURCE-FOC– USED WEALTH MANAGEMENT   USA Inc. – (“Sprott USA”) is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies (“Sprott Group”). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering long-term returns to our investors. Sprott USA offers a Managed Account program for investors looking for distinctive and personalized resource portfolio management.   LP – (“SAM”) is a Toronto-based alternative asset manager that offers a wide variety of investment solutions to Canadian and international investors. Our product offerings include mutual funds, alternative strategies, physical bullion trusts and tax-efficient funds. With a history dating back to 1981, our team of investment professionals is united by one common goal: delivering outstanding long-term returns to our clients and investors. To achieve that end, we have assembled a group of best-in-class portfolio managers, market strategists, technical experts and analysts that is widely-recognized for its investment expertise and unique investment approach. We are committed to conducting deep fundamental research to develop unique macroeconomic insights. About author",0
10597,Western Banking System COLLAPSE | Jim Willie,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download 
The western banking system is broken. With U.S. treasuries selling off, the banking system will be caught on the wrong side of the trade when it comes to derivatives on interest rate swaps. As the U.S. banks collapse, get ready for foreign banks to take their place. This and much more with a viewers’ questions edition of the Silver Doctors’ podcast with the one and only Dr. Jim Willie! 

CLICK HERE to SUBSCRIBE for free to the Silver Doctors’ YouTube channel so you do not miss part 3!",0
10598,BREAKING POLL: Hillary’s Lead Shrinks to 4 Points,"Trump Leads Independent Voters In Several Early Voting States 
Trump’s gains appeared to come largely from a re-consolidation of the Republican base following the flurry of sexual harassment allegations against Trump after the leak of the “Access Hollywood” tape, as well as from non-partisan independent voters , where he led Clinton 49-37 percent. 
The GOP nominee has also increased his lead over Clinton among white voters, interestingly enough even among white women, who now favor Trump by a margin of 48-43 percent, almost exactly opposite of their 49-43 point lean toward Clinton a mere week ago. 
The poll also queried respondents on the issue of voter fraud and the sanctity of the election, something that has become a hot topic following the release of the Project Veritas undercover videos and scattered reports of voting irregularities in early voting.   
Unsurprisingly, Clinton supporters were far more likely to downplay the issue of voter fraud than Trump supporters. Altogether, some 37 percent of voters suspected that fraud occurs “somewhat” or “very often,” while 59 percent believed fraudulent voting only takes place “occasionally” or “rarely.” 
Despite the closing of the gap between Trump and Clinton, some 60 percent of respondents thought Clinton will still win the race. 
As far as the internal ideological breakdown of the poll went, we once again find it to be weighted somewhat in favor of Clinton, as the sample of registered and likely voters included 37 percent who self-identified as Democrats, compared to only 28 percent Republican and 29 percent independent, giving Clinton a more or less built-in 9-point advantage among respondents. 
Expect these numbers to continue shifting over the remaining week and a half before Election Day, as the situation in the race remains quite fluid.  ",0
10599,‘S.N.L.’ Hammers Donald Trump as a ‘Gift’ to Vladimir Putin for Christmas - The New York Times,"Though there is still a week until Christmas, “Saturday Night Live” has already seized the opportunity to leave a lump of coal in the stocking of   Donald J. Trump. In its final episode of 2016, “S. N. L. ,” the sketch series and enduring thorn in Mr. Trump’s side, began with a cold open on Saturday that went hard at some sensitive spots for the  : his relationship to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, his courtship of Melania Trump, and some of his recent gaffes and cabinet nominations. The show all but dared Mr. Trump to respond on his Twitter account, but he did not immediately do so. The opening sketch once again featured Alec Baldwin as Mr. Trump and Kate McKinnon as his senior adviser Kellyanne Conway. It began with him revealing that he had chosen Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, to be secretary of energy after seeing him on “Dancing With the Stars. ” “This guy has so much energy,” Mr. Baldwin said as Mr. Trump. “It’s just unpresidented. ” (The malapropism was a reference to a tweet Mr. Trump had posted on Saturday morning, in which he wrote “unpresidented,” which he then deleted and replaced with the correct word, “unprecedented. ”) A   Mr. Putin (played by the “S. N. L. ” cast member Beck Bennett) soon came down the chimney with a Santa sack. He profusely flattered Mr. Trump as “the best candidate” and “the smartest candidate”  —   and “the Manchurian candidate,” implying Mr. Trump was an unwitting Russian puppet. “I don’t know what that means, but it sounds tremendous,” Mr. Trump said. Mr. Putin then gave Mr. Trump an “Elf on the Shelf” toy  —   and instructed him to keep it next to his internet router all year long. “Vladimir, I’m sorry, but I didn’t know you were coming, so I do not have a gift for you,” the Trump character said. “Please, Mr. Trump, you are the gift,” the Russian leader replied. Mrs. Trump (played by Cecily Strong) interrupted to express concern that Mr. Putin and her husband were becoming too cozy. “If a person you did not know came from a foreign country and just started flattering you, what would you do?” she asked. Mr. Baldwin’s Trump responded, “Marry them. ” (Mrs. Trump was born in Slovenia.) Appearing moments later was Rex W. Tillerson (John Goodman, the frequent “S. N. L. ” host and guest star) the chief executive of Exxon Mobil and Mr. Trump’s nominee for secretary of state. He quickly huddled with Mr. Putin to review some plans for oil drilling, excluding Mr. Trump from their discussions. “What are you guys talking about?” the   said. “Don’t worry about it,” Mr. Putin said dismissively. Still, Mr. Baldwin’s Trump tried to inject himself into the conversation. “And then we destroy Vanity Fair, right?” he asked. “Speaking of black and crude, I know Kanye,” a reference to his   meeting with Kanye West last week. Mr. Trump, who hosted “Saturday Night Live” in November 2015 while still vying for the Republican presidential nomination, has lashed out at the program in recent weeks amid its steady caricatures of him. In Twitter posts, he has called it a “boring and unfunny show” and said that Mr. Baldwin’s portrayal of him “stinks. ” During the show’s Dec. 3 broadcast, which began with a sketch that satirized his Twitter habit, Mr. Trump tweeted, “Just tried watching Saturday Night Live  —   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can’t get any worse. Sad” Later that week, in an interview with NBC’s “Today” show, Mr. Trump expanded on his criticism. “I hosted ‘S. N. L.’ when it was a good show, but it’s not a good show anymore,” he said. “Nothing to do with me, there’s nothing funny about it. The skits are terrible. ” He added that he liked Mr. Baldwin but “his imitation of me is really meanspirited and not very good. ” Earlier on Saturday, Mr. Baldwin let it be known that he would be returning to “S. N. L. ” to mock Mr. Trump, tweeting a photo of himself in his Trump hair and makeup, as well as a tweet that said, “I won’t  ” (like “unpresidented,” another   malapropism that Mr. Baldwin has previously used when playing the character.) Lorne Michaels, the creator and executive producer of “S. N. L. ,” has not directly addressed Mr. Trump’s criticisms. In a recent interview with The New York Times Magazine, Mr. Michaels said he believes the show speaks to a wide range of political affiliations. “We’ve actually tried to make ‘S. N. L.’ a safe space across the political spectrum,” Mr. Michaels said. As of early Sunday, Mr. Trump had not tweeted about the latest “S. N. L. ” episode.",0
10600,"Gorka: ‘Things Have Changed Fundamentally’ for North Korea, Because ‘America Is Back’","Former Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka, now a White House national security adviser, discussed the situation in North Korea with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily. [Gorka said that “things have changed fundamentally” in the   impasse over North Korea’s nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs, “because America is back, and because you have the master of the ‘art of the deal’ as the   . ”  “If you just look at the statements coming out of Beijing, if you look at the decision with regards to purchasing U. S. coal over North Korean coal, things have fundamentally changed,” he said. “North Korea is probably the most Stalinist state that has ever existed, probably more Stalinist than Joseph Stalin’s Soviet Union,” he elaborated. “As such, it’s simply economically unviable. As a result, it has been propped up by China for decades, but at this point after our recent decisions to act in Afghanistan and Syria, the regime in China is starting to reassess just how much it is in its national interest to maintain that client state in North Korea. That’s why this isn’t just the     news, Alex. ” Gorka said the usual national security debate lacks strategic sophistication. “That’s one of the reasons I came on board with Breitbart all those years ago, because the national security debate in D. C. and in general was just sophomoric. It was either you’ve got to be a neoconservative and invade other people’s countries, or you’ve got to be Ron Paul and you’ve got to be an isolationist,” he recalled. “Well, the world’s a little bit more complicated that that,” he contended. “This president is not an interventionist, but he understands that without leadership, without America showing the way the system should work, then we have anarchy, and we have bad actors exploiting the vacuums created. Nothing’s changed about Donald J. Trump. He’s not different since before the election, as opposed to being the president. But the fact is, without leadership in the world, you have the chaos that we inherited after the last eight years. ” Marlow professed initial skepticism of the missile strike on Syria as the gateway to further intervention, but said that if it proved to be an isolated “one and done” action, it sent an important message to the world’s bad actors. Gorka said both the Syria strike and the detonation of a huge MOAB munition in Afghanistan should be understood “not simply in terms of what we did physically on that day. ” “It’s not just about 59 cruise missiles, or that   bomb. It’s about the philosophy that statecraft, running the ship of state, can never be done purely based upon diplomacy and just words. If you’re not prepared to back it up with force  —   that doesn’t mean invading other people’s countries, but using force where necessary  —   then all it is, is just pieces of paper,” he said. “The president understands that all the levers of national power must be used together, if we are to secure America and the interests of American citizens. It’s much more than about that event. It’s about understanding what it takes to be America again,” said Gorka. Marlow cited Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s statement that Iran is complying with the nuclear deal, and asked if this was an indication the Trump administration would not scrap the deal, as Trump said before the election. “No, I wouldn’t go that far,” Gorka replied. “Right now it means simply that there are certain aspects of the deal that are being held to, but the deal itself, and all U. S.  policy, is being reviewed right now. ” “Don’t read too much into that, because everything is on the table in terms of reviewing the JCPOA,” he advised, referring to the nuclear deal by its formal acronym. Responding to reports that the first illegal alien protected by President Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program has been deported, Gorka said it was a question of reinforcing the rule of law. “We have incredibly clear language coming out of the Attorney General’s office himself, but listen to what General Kelly said as well: We have laws on the books. It is not   it is not divisive to actually implement those laws and make them real. If somebody doesn’t like that, we have a republic, we have a democratic republic. Those laws need to be changed, if you can change them. But right now, they’re going to be implemented, and that applies to anybody who is an illegal alien. Looking ahead to next month’s scheduled meeting between President Trump and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, Gorka expected them to discuss “all the obvious questions there are for common concerns to both countries,” including Syria, terrorism, and the Kurdish question. “There are no simple answers to any of those, but remember: if you just look at the history of the 20th Century, Turkey is a geostrategically important nation,” he said. “Geography is destiny. Look at the size of the country, look at where it is. So that meeting is an important meeting. ” Finally, with respect to Tuesday’s murders in Fresno by a man who professed to hate white people and shouted “Allahu akbar!” when he was captured, Gorka said he looks at the fact that “since the caliphate was declared by Abu Bakr   in 2014, we have arrested more than 130 people linked to ISIS in America. ” “This is not a joke. There is no front line in this war. The front line is when you leave your house in the morning. Unfortunately, this threat has been allowed to expand. We are going to take it seriously, and we are going to knock it on the head,” he promised. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
10601,"Here’s How Hackers Stole 50,000 of John Podesta’s Emails","Pinterest 
New evidence appears to detail how earlier this year, hackers stole more than 50,000 emails from Hilary Clinton’s Campaign Chairman, John Podesta. 
Labeled by the Clinton campaign as an attack by Russians to disrupt the US election, it seems the hack was the result of a bogus password reset scheme. 
NYPost reports: 
The hackers sent John Podesta an official-looking email on Saturday, March 19, that appeared to come from Google. It warned that someone in Ukraine had obtained Podesta’s personal Gmail password and tried unsuccessfully to log in, and it directed him to a website where he should “change your password immediately.” 
Podesta’s chief of staff, Sara Latham, forwarded the email to the operations help desk of Clinton’s campaign, where staffer Charles Delavan in Brooklyn, New York, wrote back 25 minutes later, “This is a legitimate email. John needs to change his password immediately.” 
But that “legitimate” email, wasn’t so authentic. 
They were later leaked to WikiLeaks, and are being put on public display one email dump at a time. 
NYPost continues: 
The link to the website where Podesta was encouraged to change his Gmail password actually directed him instead to a computer in the Netherlands with a web address associated with Tokelau, a territory of New Zealand located in the South Pacific. The hackers carefully disguised the link using a service that shortens lengthy online addresses. But even for anyone checking more diligently, the address — “ google.com-securitysettingpage ” — was crafted to appear genuine. 
[…] It is not immediately clear how Podesta responded to the threat, but five months later hackers successfully downloaded tens of thousands of emails from Podesta’s accounts that have now been posted online. The Clinton campaign declined to discuss the incident. Podesta has previously confirmed his emails were hacked and said the FBI was investigating 
Clinton staffers should be more careful about what is a legitimate link and what is not. 
And Hillary herself should be more careful about what she says in them. 
For Hillary, nothing’s worse on public display than the truth.",0
10602,A War of Brothers in Iraq: ‘I Will Kill Him With My Own Hands’ - The New York Times,"FALLUJA, Iraq  —   In the days leading up to the storming of Falluja by Iraqi forces, Brig. Gen. Hadi Razaij, the leading Sunni police commander in the campaign, sat on a cot in an abandoned house near the front line. He described the resistance that lay ahead: a determined force of hundreds of jihadists that had months to prepare. General Razaij’s presence on the battlefield shows that local Sunnis, and not just the Shiite forces that now dominate Iraqi politics, are fighting to liberate their own communities, and has helped tamp down fears that the battle for Falluja would heighten sectarian tensions. He was dispassionate as he described the challenges, but for him the fight was personal, too. General Razaij’s brother stands accused of being a member of the Islamic State and is in a prison cell after being arrested at a checkpoint with a car full of explosives. In northern Iraq, Nofal Hammadi, the    of Mosul, is working with the United States to plan for that city’s liberation from the Islamic State. He, too, has family in the fight: Mr. Hammadi’s brother is an Islamic State official, having appeared in a video pledging his allegiance to the terror group and disowning his brother. Even as the central question of Iraq remains unanswered  —   whether the country’s Sunni minority and Shiite majority can ever peacefully coexist in a unified state  —   the experiences of General Razaij, Mr. Hammadi and others add a troubling corollary: It is not clear that Iraq’s divided Sunnis will ever be able to find peace among themselves after a conflict that in many ways is playing out as a war within families. After all, when Iraqi Sunnis talk about fighting the Islamic State, it is not a discussion of some shadowy and unknowable force. It is about sons and brothers, nephews and neighbors. “Today we don’t necessarily need reconciliation between Sunnis and Shiites,” General Razaij said. “We need reconciliation among one sect. ” (General Razaij has given conflicting statements about his jailed brother, telling the local news media that he had disowned him. But in an interview with The New York Times, he said he believed his brother was innocent.) General Razaij was asked how many of his men were fighting against brothers or other close relatives who had joined the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. “It’s so many,” he said. One of General Razaij’s men, Salih Ibrahim Sharmoot, is a policeman from Falluja who has been fighting along the city’s southern edge  —   a battle in which government forces made quick and surprising gains on Friday, capturing the main government compound. He said his brother Muwafaq joined ISIS in 2013. Antigovernment fervor was running strong in Falluja, in opposition to the sectarian policies of Nuri Kamal   the prime minister at the time, who had ordered the mass arrests of Sunni men on often unsubstantiated terrorism charges. “If I catch him during the battles, I will kill him with my own hands because he is a criminal,” Mr. Sharmoot said about his brother. For Iraq ever to be at peace with itself after the end of the Islamic State, it will require reconciliation on a number of levels, especially within the Sunni community. That minority fell from power after the United   invasion in 2003 and has witnessed its own decimation, with millions of its followers now displaced from their homes as fighting between government forces and ISIS rages across   areas. The last time this happened, in 2006 and 2007, it took American money and influence to pacify Sunni areas then in the grip of Al Qaeda in Iraq, the forerunner of the Islamic State. With the   Sunni Awakening, former insurgents were paid to switch sides and ally with the government. That required a measure of reconciliation, if not forgiveness, within the Sunni community. This time, most everyone agrees, will be different. Without the United States as a mediator, or its money to buy loyalty,   and revenge are likely to rule the day. “Never,” General Razaij said when asked if peaceful reconciliation was possible among Sunnis. “For those who slaughtered Iraqis, it’s a crime for them to live. ” Iraq’s Shiites seem to recognize this, and have been keen to essentially outsource the business of determining who is or is not an Islamic State collaborator or sympathizer. When government forces liberate a village from ISIS, they often turn to local Sunnis to determine who should be arrested, according to interviews with officials and Sunni residents. And when allegations of militia abuses surfaced recently, including the torture and executions of men fleeing the fighting around Falluja, a prominent group of   Sunnis came to the defense of the government, emphasizing the importance of taking a hard line. In a televised news conference, Abu Azam   a leader of Sunni tribal fighters in Anbar Province, which includes Falluja, stressed the tribal traditions of Iraq. He said he would not “forget or forgive the killers from ISIS. ” More than a dozen recent interviews, with Sunnis from areas where the Islamic State has had a presence, revealed the extent to which the terror organization has divided families. In many cases, they described a familiar pattern of radicalization for their relatives  —   beginning not with any special interest in religion, but rather the 2003 invasion and the Sunni insurgency that followed. Many spent time in   prisons in Iraq, where they studied the Quran and plotted jihad. In 2013, when Mr. Maliki’s policies sparked nationwide Sunni protests, there was a ready constituency of aggrieved and radicalized Sunnis the Islamic State could exploit. Alaa   a Sunni from Salahuddin Province who has joined a   militia, said that his uncle, a member of the Islamic State, was not religious before he spent time in an American prison in Iraq. “He used to not even pray or fast, and did not like religious subjects,” Mr. Jibouri said. In Diyala Province, a farmer who asked to be identified as Abu Anas said his younger brother, Hatim, was swayed in 2014 by politicians and clerics calling for an end to the unjust treatment of Sunnis carried out by the   government. “The Sunni youth, among them my brother, were caught up in the swirl of sectarian tensions,” he said. At the time, Mr. Anas said, the movement felt like a tribal revolution against oppression, but was quickly subsumed by the Islamic State. “I never would have imagined my simple, naïve,   brother would turn into a human monster,” he said. “He used to be afraid of even slaughtering a chicken, and would make excuses not to do so. ” Mr. Anas joined with government forces to fight the Islamic State, carrying a Kalashnikov rifle that had been in his family for almost two decades. He said he later had received a text message from his brother: “You chose the path of hell, and I chose the path of heaven. ” The Islamic State recently released a video from Mosul that purported to show a fighter executing his older brother, described in the video as a government spy. As the bearded ISIS fighter stood over his kneeling brother, who was dressed in an orange jumpsuit, he addressed his family and tribe and said he was acting in their name to “purify” the shame his brother brought to them. Then he shot him in the head. Thousands of Sunni tribal fighters and local policemen, partly motivated by revenge for the devastation the Islamic State has brought to their communities, have joined government security forces and Shiite militia groups in the fight for Falluja, the third major battle for that city since 2003. “This is the last time we are going to go into Falluja,” said Mouwafak   a prominent Shiite politician and Iraq’s former national security adviser, who has predicted a bloody   battle after the city was liberated. “There is not going to be any appeasement. The Sunnis who liberate Falluja are going to govern Falluja. ” He said that those men were more attuned to the traditional tribal rhythms of life in Anbar, and that their loyalty to Baghdad could be bought. “The tribal fighters don’t even know how to pray,” he said. “They like their booze and they enjoy life. They are motivated by two things: money and power. ”",0
10603,Rand: WH Trying to Cajole and Woo Conservatives ’To Give In’ on Obamacare Replacement - Breitbart,"On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senator Rand Paul ( ) stated that ” very conservative that’s come out publicly opposed to” the current Obamacare replacement “has been called by the White House and is being cajoled and wooed by the White House to give in,” because “I think the White House, the administration, and the president understands that there’s enough conservatives that they can’t pass Obamacare lite. ”  Rand reiterated his prior criticism that the current replacement is “Obamacare lite, keeps subsidies, keeps taxes, actually keeps an individual mandate, and bails out the insurance companies. ” Rand then touted his replacement plan as one that eliminates mandates, allows expansions of health savings accounts, and allows individuals to join groups to get cheaper insurance and guaranteed issue through the free market. He further said that his replacement doesn’t deal with Medicaid expansion, and that issue should be addressed in a repeal vote, but that he’s open to a separate vote on Medicaid expansion. Later on, Rand said, “I think the White House, the administration, and the president understands that there’s enough conservatives that they can’t pass Obamacare lite. That’s why, this week, what’s going on behind the scenes is a charm offensive. Every conservative that’s come out publicly opposed to this, has been called by the White House and is being cajoled and wooed by the White House to give in, but if conservatives stick together, if we stick together, we will have a force and a negotiation, and we will talk about clean repeal versus replacement, if we stick together, because they don’t think they have the numbers to pass this at this point. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
10604,Summer Planespotting at London Heathrow- Thistle Hotel -Runway 09L Arrivals- Part 2,Support Us Summer Planespotting at London Heathrow- Thistle Hotel -Runway 09L Arrivals- Part 2,0
10605,"Dakota Access Protesters Try to Raise $5K, Bring in Over $1.3 Million","We Are Change 
A GoFundMe campaign to crowd-source a modest $5,000 to cover the cost of basic needs of those camping out in protest of the Dakota Access Pipeline has raised over $1.3 million since it launched in April.
Dakota Access Pipeline Protest
“It still feels unreal sometimes because it is such an astronomical figure to me,” said Ho Waste Wakiya Wicasa, the protester who set up the GoFundMe account, told CBS .
Over 28,000 people have contributed to the GoFundMe over the last six months, with $200,000 being donated last Thursday and Friday alone. The surge in donations came after militarized police arrived to clear out the camp, making mass arrests in the process.
“The money goes as quickly as it comes, but without it having been as much as it is, we certainly wouldn’t have been able to be as productive as we have been in the fight,” Wicasa continued.
As of Sunday, 412 people have been arrested on various protest related charges, ranging from engaging in a riot, criminal trespassing, and conspiracy to endanger by fire.
The campaign is one of several, which have collectively raised over $3 million in total to help with food, supplies, and legal expenses.
“Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today,” Dave Archambault II, the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux, said in a statement. “We have repeatedly seen a disproportionate response from law enforcement to water protectors’ nonviolent exercise of their constitutional rights.”
In another effort this week, over 1.3 million people checked in to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation on Facebook. The goal was reported to have been throwing off law enforcement officials who were tracking protesters on social media, though the effectiveness of that is questionable. What the effort did do however, was spark many conversations and spread awareness of a very large and effective scale.
The costs for preparing for winter are not cheap however — and the account setup for donations to Wicasa’s GoFundMe had just $100,000 left as of Friday.
“The money has been used for grocery store trips every two days that cost about $2,000 each, 20 yurts purchased for $160,000, and around $7,000 for bail money. It has also paid for a storage area, composting toilets, tiny houses, tepees, a medical area and generators powered by solar panels and wind,” CBS reported.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is suing the US federal government to stop construction of the 1,160-mile pipeline. They claim that tribal administration was not consulted, even though the pipeline runs through tribal lands, and that it endangers the water of millions of people.
The pipeline will transport some 450,000 barrels of oil per day across the Missouri River — which provides the water for eighteen million people — meaning a leak would be absolutely catastrophic.
The post Dakota Access Protesters Try to Raise $5K, Bring in Over $1.3 Million appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
10606,In Desperate Pursuit of the Zero-Stress Job - The New York Times,"I was 26 and   on the platform of the uptown 6 train in New York. My messenger bag had flipped over my head. A constellation of trampled, blackened gum wads hovered inches from my face. My hands and feet: numb. I hadn’t tripped. No one had pushed me. I’d been moving through the human flow of rush hour like everyone else, heading from my day job at an educational publisher to my night job writing copy for a marketing firm. I’d been   it for a year while my wife was in graduate school, balancing two sets of deadlines and workloads, coming home close to midnight for most of each week. As strangers helped me to a nearby bench, then pointed out the line of blood running from my elbow, I knew what had happened. I’d been warned. Two years earlier, I had walked into an emergency room with what I thought was a migraine, and discovered that a benign tumor had ruptured on my pituitary gland, which sends signals to the body’s other glands to brew hormones. As a result, my body was no longer making any hormones, including adrenocorticotropic hormone, or ACTH. That in particular has worried my specialists. My body no longer responds to stress like everyone else’s. It fails to send ACTH into the bloodstream to battle the adrenaline gusts that fuel   situations. Basically, I don’t have a    response, and stress can trigger sharp fatigue, low blood pressure, deranged cognition or an “adrenal crisis,” which, in its worst cases, can wash over my body like a stroke, and can even be fatal. I was ordered to take cortisol pills at strategic times each day, and to never, ever break that schedule. Every few weeks I went to my endocrinologist for hormone tuneup sessions, and at the start of each one she asked, “How’s your stress?” The lies I told her (“Not a problem! ”) were noble, I thought, and I even came to believe them myself. I was fine. Stress was fine. Stress was everywhere  —   how could it not be? At my day job, I took smoke breaks with   on our building’s rooftop and rushed through   conversations made of almost nothing but stress comparisons: the creeping deadlines, the tasks we juggled, all of us proud of our ability to spread ourselves ever thinner. At my moonlighting job, my   were struggling actors, filmmakers and writers who used their days to audition, or pitch magazines, or assemble their reels. The stress we compared there was more about what we didn’t have, and what we were suffering through to get it. I convinced myself that I was good at stress. I knew its rhythms (I thought) and I liked the exhaustion it produced, whether or not it was healthy. Stress was seductive in that way  —   a currency that proved my worth far more than my low paychecks did. But that subway platform fall shook something in me. It drew a boundary I couldn’t unsee. In the weeks and months afterward, I had more episodes like that one. They were more pointed, and nearly as debilitating. A misstep in an email to clients, a break from a project plan, even the tiniest workplace realities triggered a similar paralysis. I typed emails with numb hands, grew unable to track the simplest details, then grew anxious at the mistakes I’d caused, frozen in a high, swampy anxiety that I had created and couldn’t escape. I was exhausted and confused. I couldn’t sleep. “Take more cortisol when you know stress is coming,” my doctor said. But who can truly know that? Stress’s most insidious power is its ability, like water, to find the cracks and then flood right through them. I had to make a change, but to what? Stress seemed to be the lifeblood of a productive career. What did it mean, now, to have to avoid it at all costs? The best answer I could find: Quit everything. In the eight years after that platform fall, I quit 12 jobs. Freelance jobs, staff jobs, administrative jobs, management jobs. Some I hated, some I loved, but I became a serial quitter, working hard until the stress snowballed enough to pose a serious threat, and then I was gone. I became a master of the   notice. I took a perverse pride in it  —   I’m the best quitter in the game nobody quits jobs better than I  —   while I knew my reputation was being irreparably damaged. I gained a reputation among friends as a career flake, and I felt myself acquiring a new label  —   one I had never had before: lazy. By my   the constant shifts from job to job were hard on my finances, my résumé and ultimately my marriage. I’d taken that poisonous job stress and relocated it to my home, and it flooded through the cracks there, too. My wife began to lose trust in my explanations for why I needed to leave every job, and soon I did as well. My hormone condition was below the skin, and so hard to track. It turned me timid and unsure in a way I hadn’t been before. Was my illness the real problem, or was it me? “Find something easy that you don’t mind being bad at,” my wife said. It made a brilliant kind of sense, so I took a   coordinator gig at a nonprofit with a tiny staff and a simple focus. Maybe it was a case of busted confidence, or knowing my health’s boundaries and the danger of crossing them, but the results at that job were the same as what had come before. By the time my wife woke, at 3 a. m. to my pacing at the foot of our bed, thinking aloud through a thick, adrenal fog about some minor detail I’d forgotten to handle for an event the next day, we both began, sadly, to consider that my most productive career choice might be to chase no career at all. One resignation and one transition document later, I was back on another search, weary and defeated, when job No. 13 came my way: developing tests for a   education center. The work reminded me of the kind I had done in my 20s, at the educational publisher and the TV marketing company. But the people here were calm and quiet and tended to leave at 5 p. m. My boss was a former college Spanish teacher who ended each conversation by saying, “It is what it is,” or, “That’s my story, and I’m sticking to it. ” She said she’d train me on everything, that she had a good feeling. Still, I feared letting her down. So when, weeks in, I found I had formatted some specs incorrectly on a very large product delivery, I fell at once into a spell of anxiety and inner fracture.   and nauseated (again) I rushed to her office to confess my errors, then prepared to quit (again). She took a deep breath. “Do you know what my husband does for work?” she said. “He’s a military surgeon. He sees people die. Every single day. ” “Here it comes,” I thought, and braced for an implication about my work ethic, or my toughness. “Stress is a part of life. Deal with it,” she would say, as though I hadn’t spent the last eight years doing exactly that. “This job? Nobody dies at this job,” she said. “Everything can be fixed. ” After that, she and I calmly worked out a plan. We did the same thing the next day, and the day after that, until soon my work became what proved to be the rarest of all career currencies: just a job. Nothing more, nothing less, and I hung on to it like grim death.",0
10607,How Hillary Courts the Black Vote,"Posted on November 6, 2016 How Hillary Courts the Black Vote Ethnomasochism reaches a new low. 
The Democratic presidential primary was one of unprecedented pandering for the non-white vote. As The Guardian summed up one of the debates: “Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders made a conspicuous play for Latino and African American voters.” Mrs. Clinton won the “conspicuous play” hands down, and with it, the nomination. The failure of Senator Sanders to win the necessary quotient of non-white votes was repeatedly pointed out by the chattering class up until the time he dropped out. 
In February one black commenter pointedly wrote that Sen. Sanders, “has many miles to go to convince black voters that he can fight for our interests.” By May, black commenter Steven Thrasher wrote a piece titled, “ Bernie Sanders isn’t winning minority votes – and it’s his own fault .” Mr. Thrasher identified Sen. Sanders’s problem as “failing to talk about racism at every turn.” 
This accusation may seem ludicrous, since Sen. Sanders surrendered his stage to Black Lives Matter activists several times. But in comparison to Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Thrasher was right about Sen. Sanders. No mainstream candidate in the history of the United States has more thoroughly debased himself in the quest for the black vote than Mrs. Clinton. Since this helped her win the Democratic nomination, she has continued the strategy. In the few days remaining before November 8th, let’s take a look at Hillary Clinton’s most ethnomasochistic moments. 
1) In January of 2016, Mrs. Clinton was at something called the Iowa Brown and Black Forum (with none other than Jorge Ramos ), where she was asked “Can you tell us what the term ‘white privilege’ means to you? And can you give me an example from your life or career when you think you have benefitted from it?” This is how she began her answer: 
Where do I start? I think it is hard when you are swimming in the ocean to know exactly what is happening around you so much as it is when you’re standing on the shore perhaps watching . . . . I was born white, middle-class, in the middle of America. . . . 
2) Early in the Democratic nomination, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign released a memo aimed at stifling the rising momentum of Bernie Sanders: 
[W]hereas the electorates in Iowa and New Hampshire are largely rural/suburban and predominantly white, the March [primary] states better reflect the true diversity of the Democratic Party and the nation . . . . It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African American and Hispanic voters. We believe that’s how it should be. emphasis added 
3) Shortly before the South Carolina primary, at Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem, Mrs. Clinton explained how to break down barriers for African Americans: 
Ending systemic racism requires contributions from all of us—especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves. White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day. 
We need to recognize our privilege and practice humility, rather than assume that our experiences are everyone’s experiences. All of us need to bring our skills to bear—and especially young people coming up today, who have a passion for social justice and are helping to create new ways to solve intractable problems. 
4) In April of 2016, while on a back radio show, Mrs. Clinton was asked what she always carries in her bag. She immediately answered, “hot sauce.” When one of the black hosts noted that she would be accused of pandering to black people for giving that answer, she asked hopeully, “Is it working?” 
5) Just a few weeks after a Black Lives Matter supporter murdered five police officers , the Democratic National Convention that convened to nominate Mrs. Clinton passed a resolution, no doubt with her approval, supporting Black Lives Matter : 
[T]he DNC joins with Americans across the country in affirming ‘Black lives matter’ and the ‘say her name’ efforts to make visible the pain of our fellow and sister Americans as they condemn extrajudicial killings of unarmed African American men, women and children. 
White politicians have tried to win elections through public displays of ethnomasochism for decades, but this election has set a new low. And if Mrs. Clinton loses, her pandering could live on in another form. As the Black Lives Matter activist Tef Poe explained , if Mr. Trump wins, “young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go . . . ain’t no more rules. We’ve been too nice as is.”",0
10608,Veteran IT Training Program Leads to 100% Job Placement,"By Michael J.R. Schindler on November 5, 2016 Proven, No-Cost IT Training for Veterans 
Transitioning from active duty military back into the civilian sector often presents a number of new challenges – one being how to reposition ones’ skills, abilities, and leadership training into a well-paying civilian job. 
While the majority of veterans eventually land on their feet, close to 50 percent live through or experience unemployment after separation. One program, SAP National Security Services (SAP NS2), under the leadership of retired U.S. Navy Vice Admiral Joseph Kernan and SAP NS2 CEO Mark Testoni , is set on closing that gap and doing so with great success. 
NS2 Serves helps veterans by providing valuable IT training and employment assistance, at no cost to the veterans and has pledged to train & place 400 veterans in new careers by 2021. 
To date more than 100 veterans have completed the training and been placed in high-tech careers. 
Those who qualify and are selected to take part in the 3 month in-house program will find that their travel, room and board are covered, leaving the GI Bill dollars for college courses. In addition, a monthly stipend is provided during the training program as well as mid-term bonuses for completion of requirements. 
The training courses in SAP solutions are geared for U.S. national security missions, leading to “Certified SAP Associate” status, a credential that is valuable in many career paths in the U.S. and worldwide. 
The Certified Consultants who emerge from the NS2 Serves Training Program will be qualified for several kinds of career opportunities: Data Warehouse Administrator •Data Modeler •Data Architect •Data Warehouse Architect Data Extraction Consultant •Business Intelligence Platform Administrator 
In order to be considered for the program, one needs to meet the following qualifications: Honorably discharged U.S. military veterans, including disabled veterans Veterans must be within (3) three years of their date of separation A minimum of a high school diploma or GED, and relevant technology experience Gold Star Spouses who meet the same education and experience requirements listed above 
Upon graduation, placement assistance is provided to work in the U.S. national security field. And as mentioned earlier, every participant to date has been placed in careers with starting salaries around $60k. 
Bottom line: Today’s veterans and their families have had some of the best training in the world while on active duty. The NS2 Serves Training Program is one program that recognizes that with just a bit of additional training, America’s Greatest Asset can be repurposed to still help with our national security. Related Posts:",0
10609,Trump DESTROYS ‘Rude’ CNN Reporter,"Pinterest 
Donald Trump took about two hours after a grueling cross-country campaign schedule to announce the opening of a new, beautiful hotel in the nation’s capital. 
The man has been moving non-stop for months, while Hillary puts on one lame rally, then takes a nap for what seems like days . 
So it was absolutely amazing when CNN reporter Dana Bash made the accusation that Trump was merely trying to get “free advertising” for his new hotel and neglecting his duties on the campaign trail. 
Do they ask these questions of Hillary Clinton? Of course they don’t. Here’s the video: Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
“So to people who say you’re taking time out of swing states to go do this, you say?” Bash asked. 
“I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I’ve been doing this for weeks straight,” Trump responded. 
“For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you’ll ask me that question. I think that’s a very rude question, to be honest with you.” Trump exclaimed. 
Trump added that the opening of the hotel also served to prove a point that he can get things built under budget and ahead of schedule, suggesting that the country needs to be able to follow suit. 
Did the media ask Hillary where she was when she went off the grid for six days with only one event last month? Nope. 
Did they make any comments when she took the entire first half of August off to recuperate from exhaustion/pneumonia/dehydration or whatever they’re making up? Of course not. 
“Her speeches are so short – they don’t last long, they’re like 10 minutes and ‘let’s get out of here,’” Donald Trump said about her schedule. “Go back home and go to sleep.”",0
10610,"Geert Wilders, a Dutch Nationalist Politician, Calls Moroccan Immigrants ‘Scum’ - The New York Times","Pledging to “make the Netherlands ours again,” the Dutch nationalist politician Geert Wilders, at a campaign event on Saturday, described Moroccan immigrants as “scum” who endanger the country’s citizens. “Not all are scum, but there is a lot of Moroccan scum in Holland who makes the streets unsafe,” Mr. Wilders told reporters in English at an event kicking off a parliamentary election campaign in the   town of Spijkenisse, outside Rotterdam. “If you want to regain your country, if you want to make the Netherlands for the people of the Netherlands, your own home, again, then you can only vote for one party,” Mr. Wilders, the leader of the Party for Freedom, said. Mr. Wilders, whose party leads in national polls, posted a video clip of his comments on Twitter. Mr. Wilders, who was convicted in December of inciting discrimination after leading an   chant at a political rally in 2014, has vowed to end Muslim immigration and shutter the country’s mosques if elected prime minister in a general election on March 15. His party has 12 of the 150 seats in the lower house of Parliament. But while ahead in the polls, Mr. Wilders’s lead is narrowing after recent gains by Prime Minister Mark Rutte, a   conservative. Even if his party places first in the election, questions remain about whether Mr. Wilders would be able to successfully form a governing coalition. Mr. Wilders is one of several European nationalist politicians who is appealing to disillusioned voters, embittered by immigration and economic inequality. If elected, Mr. Wilders has promised to remove the Netherlands from the European Union. The triumph of President Trump  —   whose   policies and   comments has been heralded by Mr. Wilders  —   and the successful campaign to extract Britain from the European Union have galvanized   parties and emboldened politicians across Europe.",0
10611,"London, Donald Trump, Keystone Pipeline: Your Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Obamacare lives on. Faced with resistance from within the party, Republican leaders in the House pulled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, said Americans will be “living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future. ” It was a humiliating defeat for President Trump, who has prided himself on his   skills and campaigned on repealing the health care law. In an interview after the bill was pulled, Mr. Trump blamed Democrats and predicted they would seek a deal within a year when “Obamacare explodes. ” _____ 2. The Keystone XL pipeline plans will move forward after the State Department granted TransCanada a permit for construction, reversing Obama administration policy. “Today we begin to make things right,” President Trump said. There are still obstacles to overcome before it can be built, and protests by environmentalists are likely to continue. But its proponents, including Republicans, some labor unions and the oil industry, welcomed the news, arguing that the pipeline would guarantee national energy security. _____ 3. Millions of tourists, business travelers and relatives of American residents will undergo new security checks before getting visas into the United States, in the first evidence of “extreme vetting” from the Trump administration and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The rules generally do not apply to citizens of 38 countries, including much of Europe and longstanding American allies. For those who have ever been in territory controlled by the Islamic State, the extra scrutiny will include mandatory checks of social media history. _____ 4. The police in London made two “significant” arrests in Wednesday’s attack outside Parliament that left five people dead, including the attacker, and wounded at least 50. Nine people were in custody and were being questioned in an investigation into Khalid Masood, above, the assailant whose connections to the Islamic State were unclear. The attack was a reminder of how inaccurate information can spread in the immediate aftermath of breaking news. Online sleuths pegged the wrong suspect, and the inaccurate identification spread rapidly on social media and a live British TV program. _____ 5. Paul Manafort, the   campaign manager for Donald Trump who has been under fire for his ties to Russia, will testify before the House Intelligence Committee as it investigates Russian interference in the presidential election. The chairman of the committee, Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California, angered Democrats when he said he would replace a public hearing with former intelligence and law enforcement officers with a   proceeding. Democrats accused him of trying to “choke off” public information under pressure from the White House. _____ 6. China’s smog crisis, long attributed to the chemicals emitted from power plants, steel factories and cars, has been exacerbated by global warming, new research suggests. Changing weather patterns have reduced wind, which helps blow away the smog in several of the country’s most populous cities. The findings could pressure China’s leaders not just to curb its own pollution, but also to take a more forceful role in international climate change efforts. _____ 7. Hosni Mubarak, the former president of Egypt, was quietly freed from a hospital in Cairo where he had been detained, disappointing Egyptians who hoped to punish him further for decades of corruption and human rights abuses. He was sentenced to life in prison in 2012 for the deaths of Tahrir Square protesters, but the verdict was overturned and the political will to pursue him dissipated. Mr. Mubarak, 88, will now enjoy the typical benefits of a former head of state, including a security detail. _____ 8. A jury in Pennsylvania found Graham B. Spanier, the former president of Penn State University, guilty of one count of child endangerment over his handling of sexual abuse accusations against Jerry Sandusky, a former assistant football coach. The jury acquitted him of conspiracy and another count of child endangerment. Mr. Spanier maintained that he was unaware of the seriousness of the accusations. _____ 9. Need a break? There’s plenty to distract you from politics this weekend. For sports fans, the makeup of the Final Four of the N. C. A. A. men’s basketball tournament will be decided with games on Saturday and Sunday. The women’s Final Four will be set after games on Sunday and Monday. New possibilities for moviegoers include “Life,” the   thriller starring Jake Gyllenhaal and “Saban’s Power Rangers,” a modern repackaging of a popular 1990s Fox Kids series. If you just want to stay on your couch, here are the shows our TV critic recommends, or you can read these 17 great stories that have nothing to do with politics. _____ 10. Historians considered James K. Polk, the 11th president of the United States, to be “priggish” and “colorless,” but a debate over his resting place is stirring passions in Tennessee. A new proposal calls for relocating the bodies of Mr. Polk and his wife from the State Capitol grounds to a family home and museum in Columbia. Depending on whom you ask, it’s either a proper remembrance for an overlooked president or a macabre   for a   town. _____ 11. Finally, it’s been a long week. You deserve some panda photos. Bao Bao, a    panda born in the National Zoo in Washington, is adjusting to her new life in China and made her first public appearance after 30 days in quarantine. She’s had much the same culture shock a human would  —   she didn’t like all of the local food at first, and she’s had to learn commands in Chinese instead of English. But her new handlers say she’s adapting well and settling into the land of her ancestors. Thanks for reading, and we hope you settle nicely into your weekend. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
10612,Don’t Miss This Once in a Lifetime November Supermoon,"This November full moon will be unlike any other you have ever seen. 

We have all seen supermoons before, but this particular full moon will be the second in a series of three this fall. The moon will peak on Monday, November 14th and it will be closer to the Earth than any other since 1948. The full moon will not come this close to Earth until 2034. 

The scientific term for a moon this magnificent is “perigree moon” which refers to when the moon is at its closest point to Earth in its orbit. When a perigree moon is full, it is known as a supermoon. 

This month’s supermoon will appear 30% brighter and 14% larger than a normal full moon. This means that the night of November 14th will be one you will want to go outside for. 

NASA reports that we will be able to see a “moon illusion” that will make the moon look exceptionally big when viewed through foreground objects like tall buildings. 

The moon will reach the crest of its full moon phase at 8:52 a.m. Eastern time but it will look exceptionally big and bright all night. 

Astronomers have been monitoring the moon closely in order to better understand our solar system. For the past seven years, NASA’s Lunar Reonnaissance Orbiter (LRO) has been mapping the surface of the moon as well as taking high-resolution photos to better understand the moon and Earth. Mapping the surface of the moon and learning about how it’s been impacted by collisions with asteroids can shed light on the Earth’s history as well. 

If you miss this month’s supermoon, you will have one more chance to catch the last supermoon of 2016 on December 14th. Yet, the December supermoon will not be as magnificent as the one coming up in November so mark your calendars and go outside with friends and family to see this once in a lifetime show! 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.",0
10613,Hillary Clinton: My Email Scandal Is the ‘Biggest Nothing-Burger Ever’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday in Ranchos Palos Verdes, CA at the annual Code Conference, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said the media coverage of the investigation into her handling of classified emails turned into “the biggest ‘  ever. ”  Clinton said a factor in her losing the election to Donald Trump was that the media treated the email story like “Pearl Harbor. ” She said, “The overriding issue that affected the election that I had any control over  —   because I had no control over the Russians, too bad about that  —   was the way of the use of my email account was turned into the greatest scandal since Lord knows when. This was the biggest ‘ ’ ever. ” (  CNBC) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10614,Angry Vegetable Lib Dem Tim Farron Fights Back,"Home | World | Angry Vegetable Lib Dem Tim Farron Fights Back Angry Vegetable Lib Dem Tim Farron Fights Back By Buster Speculum 22/11/2016 11:18:16 
LONDON – England – An ode to the political meanderings of wayward Lib Dem treacherous angry vegetable, Tim Farron. 

When it comes to turnips, one imagines the permanent angry scowl of Tim Farron as he vacillates to and fro across the vegetable patch, a spitting noxious veggie, this piece of putrid detritus they call Tim Farron. 
As annoying as his predecessor, Farron is the epitome of Marxism at work, his politics stuck in a swamp of excrement, out dated and spoiling, rotten to the core. 
Here is a turnip that wants to scupper Brexit, and he is going on tirade after tirade trying his best to justify disallowing the vote of 52% of the electorate to leave the EU. 
We say to you and your ilk Farron, you are to be served up on the dinner plate of ineptitude, festering aggressive pustulence and swine. 
Fed to the pigs, your rotting marrow will be excreted out of their puckered arse holes and spread across the sty where you wholeheartedly belong. Share on :",0
10615,The Anatomy of Crisis and the Decline of US Empire,"The Anatomy of Crisis and the Decline of US Empire Submitted by Danny Haiphong on Tue, 11/08/2016 - 12:18 Tweet Widget by Danny Haiphong 
There are multiple dimensions to the crisis that afflicts U.S. imperialism. The latest election is evidence of a crisis of legitimacy for the ruling parties. Americans are estranged from a government that spies on every one its citizens – and on the rest of the world, too. “Unemployment, poverty, racist state repression, and war are all the system has to offer.” Unable to escape a 40-year economic slump, the U.S. instead plots the destruction of its rivals. The Anatomy of Crisis and the Decline of US Empire by Danny Haiphong 
“ The vast majority of oppressed communities, particularly Black workers, have seen their labor become disposable in a post-industrial society.” 
Whether one analyzes the economic, military, or political spheres of US imperialism, one thing is abundantly clear. The very fabric of the United States is in deep crisis. The crisis is largely misunderstood by the vast majority of working and oppressed people living under it. But a specter haunts the US and it isn't anything like Hollywood's scary movies. That specter is the possibility that the people will become a conscious force of opposition to the crisis and seek to dismantle the system of capitalist empire that governs it. 
Crises are genuinely thought of in economic terms. The economic base of capitalism is indeed suffering from protracted economic crisis. The US capitalist economy, and thus the world capitalist economy pegged to its hip, entered a period of stagnation in the mid to late 1970s. What followed was a slowdown in production facilitated by the increased monopolization, financialization, and increased technological capacity of the system. Capitalism's source of profit, labor, was now being exploited by an apparatus too big to expand the profits of the system without intensified exploitation. The aftermath of capitalism's periodic collapses from overproduction and under consumption have been characterized ever since by a complete and total assault on all workers. 
“Wages have declined or remained stagnant for nearly four decades.” 
The conditions of the crisis speak for themselves. Workers in the US, and the entire Western world for that matter, have seen conditions rapidly deteriorate as the capitalist system has sought to maximize profits in the face of productive slowdown. Free trade agreements such as NAFTA have given corporations the freedom to eliminate production domestically in order to seek a better deal internationally. Wages have declined or remained stagnant for nearly four decades . Unemployment has become a permanent fixture of life for millions and nearly one of two people in the US are considered poor or ""near poor."" 
At this time, the US is a low-wage capitalist economy dominated by service oriented, precarious employment. Racism has played a large part in the disparity inherent under these conditions. The wealth gap between Black America and White America is larger than it was in the Civil rights era. Not only has Black America been the target of racist housing policies from predatory lenders leading up to the 2008 crisis, but the burden of privatization and austerity has been directly aimed at Black families. Hedge funds, for example, have used working class Black communities as the guinea pig to test the effectiveness of massive school closures and teacher layoffs as well as the expansion of charter schools. Thousands of Black teachers have lost their jobs as a result to the mostly white demographic of Teach for America corps members. 
“ The wealth gap between Black America and White America is larger than it was in the Civil rights era.” 
However, it is not enough to understand the crisis of capitalism through an economic lens. The crisis possesses many forms. Repressive state activity has become more pronounced, especially in the aftermath of the War on Terror. Racist repression in particular has intensified as the vast majority of oppressed communities, particularly Black workers, have seen their labor become disposable in a post-industrial society. Nearly 1100 Black Americans are killed every year by law enforcement all over the country. The war on Black and indigenous peoples that laid the foundation of the United States has only become more severe, as evidenced by the fact that one of every eight prisoners in the world is a Black American. The Dakota Access Pipeline struggle has shown that not even the concentration camps forced upon indigenous people are safe from the profit-seeking tentacles of the crisis-ridden system. 
And every American can guarantee that civil liberties are a thing of the past. The NSA, FBI, and the rest of the intelligence community possess access to the entire population's mail and phone devices. A massive surveillance dragnet accountable to no one but the ruling class allows the US state to keep tabs on whoever resists the conditions of the crisis. War at home is ultimately a reflection of the broader war being waged around the world. The US capitalist system is a global system with the largest military state in human history. War has thus played a critical role in the response to system crisis. 
The US military acts as the enforcement arm of neo-colonialism and capitalist exploitation around the world. It has expanded into nearly every African state through the US African Command (AFRICOM). The US military state continues to support fascism in Ukraine and fundamentalist Islam in places like Saudi Arabia and Qatar. It has destabilized a number of nations in the last decade alone, including Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya. The US has collaborated with NATO, Israel, and Turkey to militarily encircle Russia and China militarily and sponsor terror groups responsible for the massacres in Syria. 
“The US imperialist system is predicated on the expansion of global capital by any means at its disposal, including the use military force to clear the way for corporate plunder. 
But the US military is in crisis too. It is plagued by a disillusioned rank and file and the inevitability of a global confrontation with Russia and China if it continues on the current course. The demands of a stagnating global capitalist economy and the ever-increasing exploitation of masses of working people offer no potential for a reversal of fortune. The US imperialist system is predicated on the expansion of global capital by any means at its disposal, including the use military force to clear the way for corporate plunder. The US military state has grown both in size and in violence in order to prevent the global shift of power currently underway. 
Russia and China have become the number one challengers to US global hegemony. China's economy will soon surpass that of the US and Russia's recovery from post-Soviet collapse has propelled the Putin-led nation back onto the global scene as a major factor in world affairs. These two powers are becoming increasingly close both economically and militarily. This has made the US ruling class increasingly nervous in the midst of economic decline. To maintain hegemony, the US military state set the world ablaze through endless war in every region of the world that dares to seek ties with Russia and China. 
At this point, the US imperialist system cannot peacefully compete in any way with its so-called rivals to the East. The contradictions of the system have become unmanageable. Unemployment, poverty, racist state repression, and war are all the system has to offer. Another economic collapse is on the horizon. Crisis is built into the global capitalist system's constant drive to accumulate profit in the face of global misery. The decline of US imperialism and empire will not change regardless of the election. What is sure to change is the mass reaction to the decline as life becomes more and more unbearable under the grip of empire. Danny Haiphong is an Asian activist and political analyst in the Boston area. He can be reached at [email protected]",0
10616,Putin — Who Once Honored Tillerson with Friendship Award — Won’t Meet with Secretary of State - Breitbart,"The U. S. and Russia have been trading barbs since President Donald Trump ordered airstrikes on the Assad regime’s military assets in Syria last week, but now Russian President Vladimir Putin has closed the door on a    meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when the U. S. top diplomat visits the country later this week. [Russia has long supported Syrian President Bashar Assad and refutes the U. S. claim that the dictator ordered the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria that killed innocent people, including many children.  “We have not announced any such meetings and right now there is no meeting with Tillerson in the president’s diary,” spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a Monday press conference call, according to Reuters. Before Tillerson became Secretary of State, he was the CEO of ExxonMobil, a job that included dealings with the Kremlin. In 2013, Putin presented Tillerson with the Russian Order of Friendship award. Tillerson is expected to meet with his Russian counterpart, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, during his stop in Moscow, according to Reuters. Reuters reported that Putin regularly met with John Kerry, Secretary of State under Barack Obama. “Reacting to media reports that Tillerson would use his visit to press Moscow to stop supporting Syrian President Bashar   Russia’s closet Middle East ally, Peskov called that a ” Reuters reported. “Returning to   to resolve the crisis by repeating mantras that Assad must step down cannot help sort things out,” Peskov said. Other thorny issues may surface during Tillerson’s visit to Moscow, including Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U. S. presidential election, its violation of an arms control treaty, and finding common ground on fighting radical Islamic terrorism in Syria. Tillerson had some tough words for Russia on Thursday about the chemical weapons attack. Speaking from Trump’s    estate in Florida, where Trump was meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Tillerson cited Russia’s 2013 agreement to oversee the destruction of Syria’s chemical stockpile, saying Russia has “clearly failed in its responsibility” to eliminate those weapons. “Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent on its ability to deliver,” Tillerson said. U. S. military officials have said they are certain Assad is responsible for the attack. “We highly suspect, and in fact, there’s no credible alternative to a Syrian regime air attack as the source of the chemicals that killed so many Syrian civilians,” a military official said. “ISIS has experimented with mustard agents, blister agents, not nerve agents,” an official said. “But this is well beyond the technical capability of the opposition. ”",0
10617,Did You Notice Anything Different In The MSM Lately?,"in: Mainstream Media , Politics , Propaganda Last week, I reported that the MSM was doing a great deal to try and undermine the truths that are being revealed about our government, the rigged election , and their darling, Hillary Clinton. My suspicion was that they were going so far as to set up fake websites and use skewed polls to prepare us for a Clinton victory. It appears I was not alone in that suspicion because all sorts of people began to bring up the topic of skewed polls, including the Trump campaign. Today, I noticed in the headlines that all of the “ official polls ” are telling a different story. They’re telling a story of a battle that is too close to call. Some are even saying that Trump is ahead by a point or two. Some are saying Clinton is a little bit ahead. It’s because they’ve been busted and they’re scrambling to cover the evidence of their dishonesty, of course. Politico even wrote a scathing article about the conspiratorial nature of the very idea of rigged elections . How did this happen? I believe that the combined voices of people who are sick of their baloney have made a difference. They realized that they weren’t pulling the wool over everyone’s eyes and they regrouped. Don’t let this convince you that the election is somehow magically “unrigged.” They’re just dialing back the rhetoric because it was so blatant that everyone was noticing it. It’s still a disgusting mess but the truth is our defense. Who can you trust? Here are at least two organizations who have a strong record for telling the truth: Project Veritas (It’s hard to doubt your own eyes on secret videos – find them on YouTube and Twitter ) Wikileaks (In 10 years their documents have never once been discredited – find them on Twitter and on their website ) Alternative media sites that have been around for a few years are likely to be more trustworthy than the mainstream sites, but let’s be honest. We have a bias too – nearly all of us despise Hillary Clinton, the Clinton Foundation, and the Clinton Money Machine that has so overloaded the system with corruption that it’s becoming obvious to even the most oblivious Kool-Aid drinker that something is awry. Check the sources. The bottom line is, don’t just blindly trust anyone. Vet your sources. Click the links the websites provide and decide whether or not the sources they’re quoting seem to be legitimate. When you see the exact same wording repeated over and over, generally it’s because it’s a talking point that someone has informed the media they are to emphasize. Have you ever noticed phrases like “an abundance of caution” or “for your own safety” getting used over and over? It’s a talking point and the collusive media is using it as a propaganda tool. Never trust a talking point. We’re all being played. I believe that the decision of who will be the next president has already been made. It would take a scandal of massive proportion to derail this train before it gets to the station on November 8th. And that’s really saying something, considering the scandals that have already been unearthed, many of which should have landed Clinton in an orange jumpsuit but have somehow been glossed over with little mention in the MSM. If you’re as worried about a Clinton presidency as I am, the biggest thing that you can do is fight for the truth to be known. Share reliable information about Hillary Clinton where everyone can learn about it. When we all raise our voices together, we are heard. Telling the truth – and doing so loudly – has never been more important than it is right now. Article first posted at DaisyLuther.com Submit your review",0
10618,American Foreign Policy in the Post-Trump Era,"Email Artwork from book cover | America at War with Itself 
Donald Trump most likely will not be elected President. Still, his historic campaign has sent shock waves through the American body politic. All are asking what it means and what it portends. The focus is on America at home rather than abroad. Foreign policy issues have been overshadowed by anxious domestic concerns. Moreover, Trump never formulated a coherent view of international issues. Like the average guy, he simply spat out whatever thoughts passed through his head as he had caught snippets of Fox news. Any attempt to discern logic and strategy from Trump’s disjointed exclamations proves frustrating. 
Trump’s entire campaign conveyed emotions rather than considered thoughts. It played to the public’s feelings – amplifying them and channeling them into a turbid brew of primitive slogans. Energy was imparted through unbridled vehemence and the showmanship of the born despot. So it is those emotions that we should look at to see what is simmering behind the formal façade of our democracy in action. For they will outlast the election. Therein lies their significance for possible effects on the United States relations with the rest of the world. 
If there is an appropriate label to stick on this fermenting vat, it is “nativism.” By that we mean a rather inchoate mix of atavistic nationalism, xenophobia, aggressiveness, righteous religiosity and racism dressed up as patriotism. Deep-seated sense of grievance and pervasive feelings that the true American has been sold out provide the fuel. Each of these elements has precedents in American history and roots in American society. They periodically have surfaced in political movements from the ‘Know-Nothings’ who in the 1850s were empowered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by German and Irish Catholic immigrants, to the paranoia that accompanied the Red Scare in the aftermath of the Bolshevik Revolution and then reappeared with greater intensity in the form of McCarthyism. 
Today’s manifestations have a larger economic component. The plight of salaried workers after decades of wealth redistribution upwards, the hollowing out of the country’s industrial core, the financializing of business, and the emergence of a “gig’ economy that promises only more dislocation, insecurity, skimpy or no benefits, and declining living standards have eroded the optimistic creed that has been the lifeblood of America. Rugged individualism dictates that individual persons should assume responsibility for their failings; stoic fatalism in the face of external forces that drain all hope is quite another matter. 
Blame, like discontent, is free-floating. Its locus shifts among Wall Street, Government leaders, and foreigners. The last most interests us here. Factors originating beyond the nation’s borders are prominent targets. They range from “globalization” as an abstract new reality to Benedict Arnold companies that off-shore jobs and tax liabilities to American leaders who sign away American interests in one-sided trade deals to hostile governments who are cheaters. There is more than a grain of truth in the complaints directed at all of those mentioned. The “common man,” as we quaintly used to call workers, indeed has been sold out by the “bosses” – economic and political. In truth, most of that selling out has been by elites favoring other elites here at home at the expense of the general populace. Foreigners are politically more convenient targets, though. 
The primary question is whether the disposition to blame external parties will manifest itself in antagonistic action. That has been the pattern elsewhere at other times. It is by no means obvious, though, that this logic holds in the case of the United States today. This is certainly true as regards any large-scale use of military force. Fifteen years of relentless, failed wars in the greater Middle East have drained the country of the passion for violence with which we retaliated for 9/11. Whether a President Clinton will expand operations in Syria is unaffected by what the American public’s anger over illegal immigration or biased “trade” agreements. A vague distaste for ungrateful, grasping foreigners does not eclipse aversion to expensive new adventures abroad or skepticism that they will work. 
As to Russia, the current high decibel condemnation of Moscow’s alleged machinations is more an elite phenomenon, led by the security Establishment, than it is an expression of popular outrage. Few Americans identify with the Syrian “rebels” whom Putin is fighting or Ukrainian para-militaries burning people alive in Odessa. The negative view of Russia, and Putin personally, so assiduously cultivated by politicos and the MSM does not translate into fear or hatred. The pervasive obsession with the Red Menace that marked the Cold War remains dormant. That is even true in Europe – except for the Poles and the Baltics. Although that state of sentiment allows Washington to be rhetorically aggressive, and to take the much publicized steps of building up NATO forces around Russia’s periphery. However, any action that is seen as actually raising a risk of direct conflict will be rejected. 
Conclusion : American policy toward Russia and the Middle East will follow the tracks laid down by the Obama administration with little deviation – and no greater success. 
It is immigration that has been the hot button issue involving other countries. Passions are aroused by two things: the presence of millions of illegals from Mexico and Central America; and the prospect of Islamic terrorists entering the United States masquerading as refugees. The two merge at the most primitive level of emotions. Together, they deepen worries that the world is spinning out of control in ways that call into question the country they know (or imagine they know). Projections of rapidly increasing Latino populations which threaten to overwhelm school districts and voter rolls ruffle the feathers of many Middle Americans. Alarm that welfare and other social problems are siphoning off much needed public moneys in the age of austerity add a tangible economic element to these anxieties. 
Could this lead to implementation of the sorts of draconian ‘ethnic cleansing” programs advocated by Donald Trump? Unlikely – despite his ability to insert them into so-called “mainstream” discourse about the problem. It is easy to exaggerate the extent and the intensity of anti-immigrant feelings. Most Americans encounter little of it in their daily lives. Those who do in places like Texas or California pretty much take it as a given: something that should be dealt with but not a matter requiring urgent action. Arizona is different. It’s the extreme Rightists and the Republican politicos whom they have intimidated into obedience who make most of the noise. 
Foreign observers should note that the situation here is very different from that in Western Europe. Not only is the United States a very big country where relatively large populations can get lost but, equally important, social space is not as tightly configured. Outside of small towns, there is little sense of traditional community to be protected. Americanism trumps all as the successful integration of waves of immigrants throughout the country’s history has demonstrated. While Latinos do present some unusual complications (unlike South or East Asian immigrants), visceral concerns about a denaturing of culture and society are relatively weak. (25% of all baseball players in the professional leagues are Latinos – most from abroad). 
Conclusion : the politics of immigration policy reform has not changed. So, the policies and unresolved dispute over what to do next will remain in their present indeterminate state. 
The immigration-terrorism link is a far more passionate matter. It taps the terrorism psychosis that has gripped the country since 9/11. The graphic outbreak of mass violence over the past year has rekindled feverish emotions. The fact that the Orlando/San Bernadino/NY-NJ perpetrators had some vague connection with jihadi groups in the Middle East has given these events a transnational dimension. In fact, all of the perps were American-born citizens or had grown up in the US. Logically speaking, a detached observer could infer that restrictive immigration from the region or of Muslims generally would have no bearing on the level of terrorist threat. Facts in the age of Trump have lost much of their purchase on the American mind, though. 
One fact that is incontrovertible is that politicians run scared on all matters that are related to terrorism – however oblique. The foot-dragging of President Obama on accepting any significant number of Syrian refugees is exhibit number one. Hostility toward Muslims generally is on the rise as witness the spike in abusive incidents in recent months. They now are occurring at a higher rate than they did in the wake of 9/11. By contrast, public authorities at all levels are less inclined to pursue surveillance and detention policies that skirt the law compared to that earlier period. 
The net effect will be a deepening perception around the world that the United States is hostile toward Islam. That is grist for the mill of the jihadis and opportunistic politicians. While it seems unlikely that signs of Islamo-phobia in American society will affect the thinking and actions of government leaders, they very well could register in the communities from which suicide bombers and terrorists are drawn – in Europe especially and among certain unbalanced individuals in the United States itself. That cycle thereby gains velocity. 
What about the economic sphere? It is there that one might reasonably expect the preoccupations of the presidential campaign to affect the policy of a new administration. Economic nationalism follows naturally from aroused popular discontents that finger the forces of globalization as a prime cause of the economic plight in which tens of millions of American find themselves. That is to say, one might anticipate that American officials will take a more searching look at the “bottom-line’ impact of the accelerating integration of the world economy whose promotion has been a centerpiece of American foreign policy since the early 1990s – as actively and optimistically promoted by HRC’s husband. The process has tremendous momentum – institutional (via the IMF, World Bank, EMU, mega-banks and MNS), political and intellectual. Economic thinking, academic and governmental, has been totally dominated by the twin market fundamentalist concepts of General Market Equilibrium Theory and benign globalization. While it has become trendy for all and sundry to make a ceremonial bow to the inequality phenomenon, it is hard to see the momentum of this juggernaut being blocked by disorganized displays of populism. 
Larry Summers personifies this state of affairs. One of the architects and master builders of the financialized, unregulated transnational economy who fought ruthlessly to bail out Wall Sreet at the expense of Main Street under Obama, he now punctuates his innumerable public appearances with warnings that we should attention to inequality dilemma. This homily is not a prelude to any action. Rather, it is akin to the Mafia don who devoutly crosses himself every time that his limousine crosses the path of a religious procession on a Saint’s Day. 
That is the outlook in the United States under HRC. The one exception might by the TPP and TIIP treaties. Both were crafted by elites imbued by the optimistic globalization creed, both were kept secret except for the financial and commercial interests who were participants in their drafting, and both go far beyond traditional trade matters. The former, in particular, represents a radical transference of power from national governments to private parties institutionalized in expert panels heavily biased toward the latter. Indeed, many of its provisions may be unconstitutional – as a fair-minded Supreme Court could rule. That recondite aspect of TPP did not get an airing during the campaign. However, the tying of the treaty to the damaging effects of “trade” treaties forced even its supporters to equivocate. Hillary Clinton had been an enthusiastic backer until Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump began to reap political hay by condemning it. She now declares that is acceptable only if significant new conditions are met. 
What will be her ultimate position? She may be spared that agonizing decision were Obama able to push a lame-duck session of the Senate to ratify it. Otherwise, it may just be the one and only piece of American foreign relations that changes as a result of the election campaign. 
Continuity will prevail elsewhere. Americans overall will remain the insular, parochial, moralizing and largely ignorant citizens they have been. That leaves plenty of space for a foreign policy Establishment driven by a powerful inertia to add to its long string of mishaps. 
* Every society has its dark and dangerous undercurrents. America’s is laced with racism and fed by a deep pool of personal insecurities. The recrudescence of coarse racism, the deep psychic anxieties of the white males of Middle America, the embrace of jingoism, the frustrations of trailer park super-patriots, and the desperation of tormented Evangelicals torn over the question of whether a prospective nuclear Iran is a sign that the End Days are approaching or a serious speed-bump on the road to Rapture – together, these elements are creating an emotional maelstrom that has found an odd idol in the buffoonish persona of Donald Trump. The longer it lasts, the more attached he himself becomes to the pipe-dream of writing his name on the wind forever – and the more his followers see themselves affirmed and exalted. 
Finally, we have to come to terms with the dismaying truth that public opinion, in individuals and in aggregate, is only exceptionally the outcome of an informed and thoughtful process of deliberation. It is the rationalist myth that we are by nature thinking creatures inclined to viewing the world around us in an emotionally detached, mature manner. Very, very few persons approximate that model. Inherited loyalties, deep seated prejudices and preferences, private emotions, the attraction or repulsion of personality – all of these elements come into play to considerable degree. In today’s society where attachments of all sorts are weak and evanescent, where political parties have little cohesion, where associational life has faded, where we are exposed to the barrage of media imagery and messaging, the rationalist model has become less and less valid. Most of us are shaped by influences that we only dimly perceive – whether calculated intent lies behind them or not.",0
10619,Trump Announces Massive Expansion Plans For NASA,"Trump Presents Plan To Expand U.S. Navy To 350 Ships 
Under the Obama administration, NASA has mostly focused on research and development. Space exploration has ground to a halt, thanks to ridiculous restrictions imposed on NASA by Washington politicians who don’t know the first thing about space travel. 
Trump wants America to lead in space once again, and with that in mind he promised more investment in NASA as well as the expansion of current private-public partnerships to maximize America’s potential. 
“I will free NASA from the restriction of serving primarily as a logistics agency for low-Earth orbit activity,” Trump stated. “Instead, we will refocus its mission on space exploration.”   
Years ago, America led the world in space innovation. Astronauts like Neil Armstrong inspired generations of Americans to shoot for the stars . Science and technology programs flourished because America’s children wanted to achieve the impossible. 
That dream has faded as our government has scaled back space programs over time. NASA used to regularly redefine the word “wow,” but now all it does is maintain the status quo. 
What Trump is promising is a bright future for America. A revitalized space program would create thousand of jobs, spur advanced technological developments and inspire America’s children to achieve the impossible once again. 
That’s what America needs right now.  ",0
10620,Latest Pipeline Leak Underscores Dangers Of Dakota Access Pipeline,"FILE – In this Sept. 15, 2005 file photo, the marker that welcomes commuters to Cushing, Okla. is seen. (AP Photo/The Oklahoman, Matt Strasen, File)
Underscoring once again the dangers of America’s unreliable fossil fuel infrastructure, a significant U.S. oil pipeline has been shut down after a leak was reported Monday morning.
Enterprise Products Partners said Monday it had shut its Seaway Crude Pipeline, a 400,000-barrel per day conduit that transports crude oil from Cushing, Oklahoma to Gulf coast refineries. The leak occurred Sunday night in an industrial area of Cushing. The company did not provide an estimate of the volume spilled, but said there was no danger to the public.
“Seaway personnel continue to make progress in cleaning up the spill, substantially all of which has been contained in a retention pond at Enbridge’s facility,” the company said in a news release (pdf), explaining that the pipeline is a “50/50 joint venture” between Enterprise and Enbridge Inc. “Vacuum trucks are being used to recover the crude oil and return it to storage tanks on-site.”
“The impacted segment of the legacy pipeline has a capacity of 50,000 barrels,” the release added, “however the actual amount of crude oil released will be significantly less and won’t be determined until recovery efforts are complete.”
The incident comes after another pipeline rupture in Pennsylvania early on Friday, where 55,000 gallons of gasoline poured into the Susquehanna River, and about one month after a major gasoline pipeline run by Colonial Pipeline Co. had to halt pumping for a couple of weeks due to a spill in Alabama .
Meanwhile, UPI reports that “[t]he release from the Seaway pipeline is the second associated with the Cushing storage hub in less than a month. Plains All American Pipeline reported problems with infrastructure from Colorado City [Texas] to Cushing earlier this month.”
Environmentalists, Indigenous people, and energy companies are in the midst of a heated debate over pipeline safety . Water protectors and their allies along the proposed route of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) have been saying for months that the project threatens their right to safe drinking water.
“Oil pipelines break, spill, and leak—it’s not a question of if, it’s a question of where and when,” 13-year-old Anna Lee Rain YellowHammer, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, wrote in a recent appeal.
“With such a high chance that this pipeline will leak,” she wrote of the Enbridge-backed DAPL , “I can only guess that the oil industry keeps pushing for it because it doesn’t care about our health and safety. The industry seems to think our lives are more expendable than others’.”
Indeed, referring to the Cushing leak, one observer tweeted on Monday: “That’s why we’re screaming #NoDAPL ! They always break!”
Seaway Crude pipeline system shut after Cushing, OK spill. That's why we're screaming #NoDAPL ! They always break! https://t.co/oXiLXcBRly
— Deanna Rilling (@DeannaRilling) October 24, 2016",0
10621,It’s ON! Between Duterte and America,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
I’ve written a couple pieces of the smoking hot issue in Pivotland, Philippine president Duterte’s swerve toward a pro-PRC foreign policy, and what the U.S. and pro-American sector of the Manila elite are going to do about it. 
The first piece, Reports of death of US-Philippine alliance may be exaggerated , addresses the fact that Duterte’s freedom of movement is constrained by the need to keep the Philippine military happy, and notes that ex-prez and retired general Fidel Ramos, who facilitated Duterte’s entrance on the national political stage, is signaling dissatisfaction with Duterte. 
The second piece, Duterte Plays the ‘Mamasapano’ Card , covers a Duterte counter-attack: a threat to relitigate the death of 44 Philippine National Police commandos at Mamasapano in Mindanao, a 2014 special ops fiasco conducted under the aegis of the United States which a) exposes ex-president Aquino to serious legal jeopardy b) posits that the US alliance is doing a better job of killing Filipinos than the PRC can ever hope to do. 
The US seems to be embedded in a colonial mindset when it comes to the Philippines, something along the lines of “we’ve been selflessly looking after the Philippines for a century, and that thug Duterte won’t be allowed to screw that up during his brief (maybe curtailed) presidency.” 
It takes a pretty superficial view of Philippine history, one that accepts the US self-definition as the Philippines’ security savior while ignoring the distortions and shortcomings of the colonial and neo-colonial relationship. 
For me this tunnel vision was typified by the US media crowing over the formal delivery of a refurbished C-130 transport to the Philippine government by outgoing ambo Philip Goldberg. Message: here’s the US making provisions for Philippine defense at the same time Duterte’s selling out the country to China. 
To me, the inadvertent message was 1) here’s the US blindly stroking the pivot fetish while Duterte tries to solve the Mindanao insurgency that has cost at least 400,000 lives over the last century, win his drug war, and find a place for the Philippines in Asia that doesn’t give primacy to the US preoccupation confronting the PRC and 2) the U.S., in my opinion, pretty much has a policy of keeping the Philippines flat on its behind as an independent military force by trickling out second-hand gear to the Philippine military while the sweet stuff is dangled in front of it during US joint military maneuvers and port calls. 
But the United States is trying to find political leverage wherever it can and the Western media will, I’m sure, put its shoulder to the wheel to help out. 
Philip Goldberg sat down for a 45-minute exit interview with Rappler . As befitting Rappler’s origins in the Soros/Omidyar network of pro-US globalization advocacy, the interview was a stream of softballs about what to do about Duterte’s disregard of the awesomeness of the American relationship, an awesomeness that is acknowledged by virtually all Filipinos who inexplicably (and, if the US has anything to do about it, temporarily) at the same time give Duterte approval ratings of over 80% . 
It’s worth watching if you have the patience. Goldberg is a smooth cat, and the Rappler tonguebath gives you no inkling of the fact that he intimately familiar with the wet work of end-arounding national governments to cultivate secessionist movements, you know, like what he did in Bolivia (declared persona non grata as a result) and Kosovo, and like that thing in Duterte’s home province of Mindanao, which in my opinion probably the main reason why Duterte wanted him out of the Philippines. 
Goldberg also discretely plays the economic threat card, concern-trolling that anti-US attitudes will dismay “foreign investors”. 
It will be interesting to see how this plays out in subsequent weeks. As far as I can tell, the biggest U.S. factor in the domestic Philippine economy is the call-center industry . I doubt US corporations are interested in actually pulling their operations out and subjecting them to the English-language mercies of India, but certainly a call from the State Department or White House would convince them of the wisdom of at least making the threat. 
And I also wonder if expected President Hillary Clinton will find it necessary to drop the hammer on Duterte, in order to demonstrate to a rather dubious Asia that there is no alternative to loyalty to the pivot. 
I expect the next few months, in other words, to be very interesting. (Reprinted from China Matters by permission of author or representative)",0
10622,"Harley Quinn, Just the Nice, Fun-Loving Psycho Next Door - The New York Times","The world of superhero comics is filled with tortured souls. One guy,   after the vicious murder of his parents, dresses up as a bat to fight crime. Another similarly   fellow dresses up as a spider. And those are the heroes. Even in that world, the psychological profile of Harley Quinn stands out. Best known as the former girlfriend of the Joker, Harley suffers from multiple personalities, homicidal tendencies, Stockholm syndrome and possibly “shared psychotic disorder. ” A survivor of domestic violence (not surprising, given her former beau) she has murdered   and kids. Her weapons of choice include mallets, baseball bats and exploding cupcakes. Despite her mental issues and misdeeds (or perhaps because of them) Harley is having a moment. This year, she headlined three books, including a   monthly comic and two    . She’s a lead character on “DC Super Hero Girls,” an animated web series, and can be seen in the new video game Batman: Arkham Underworld (one of more than a dozen games she has appeared in since 1994). And then there’s the new Warner Bros. film “Suicide Squad. ” Based on a comic series about a   team of incarcerated supervillains, the film stars Margot Robbie as Harley in the character’s first     appearance. How did Harley become one of the most popular female characters in the DC Universe? In part, by cleaning up her act, or what passes for clean in her world. In several incarnations  —   most notably, her foray into video games  —   Harley has been a true supervillain, maiming and killing with unbridled glee. Now she’s more of an antihero, as in “Suicide Squad,” where she and a team of bad guys take on even worse guys in “Dirty Dozen”  missions. In “DC Super Hero Girls,” which is aimed at a tween audience, she’s even tamer. Harley is actually one of the good guys, sharing a dorm room with her pal Wonder Woman at a very exclusive high school (only teen superheroes allowed). Her rise is all the more intriguing when you factor in her love life. As the Joker’s girlfriend, she was the prototypical victim, enduring beatings, murder attempts and the most sadistic sorts of mind games  —   and always coming back for more. Then there’s her   relationship with her fellow supervillain Poison Ivy. The long hugs, the sleepovers, the soulful stares? Even Batgirl put two and two together. Last year, DC’s official Twitter account confirmed that Harley and Ivy were indeed girlfriends, albeit “without the jealousy of monogamy. ” As an abuse survivor and free agent, Harley has become something of a feminist icon  —   magazines like Bust have praised her complexity, smarts and subversive sexuality  —   even as she revels in her own bouts of sadistic fun. When the writer Paul Dini and the artist Bruce Timm first introduced the character in 1992 in an episode of “Batman: The Animated Series,” it was a small role, the lone female among the Joker’s motley crew of henchmen. The twist: Unlike the others, Harley clearly had a thing for her boss. It was strictly a  . “We didn’t want to give Joker a girlfriend because it humanizes him,” Mr. Timm said, “and we were really trying to stress how bizarre and creepy he could be. ” But Harley clearly had something. Between Mr. Timm’s striking take on the classic harlequin costume  —   he ditched the “frills and spangles” of the commedia dell’arte original for a skintight bodysuit of alternating blacks and reds  —   and the voice actress Arleen Sorkin’s    reads (a singsongy Brooklyn accent that could, in a   jump from pure sugar to nuts) Harley became an instant hit. Two years later, her creators finally got around to revealing her origin in the   comic The Batman Adventures: Mad Love. Née Harleen Frances Quinzel, Harley was working in Gotham City’s infamous Arkham Asylum as a psychiatrist when she met and fell in love with one of her patients: the Joker. The comic won an Eisner (the industry’s equivalent of an Oscar) for best single story and explored the bizarre love triangle between the Joker (obsessed with Batman, but hot and cold about Harley) Batman (thinks about the Joker a lot, but maybe not obsessively) and Harley (loves the Joker and sees Batman as a rival for his attention). “Harley’s point of view is very pragmatic,” Mr. Dini said. “She’s like, ‘Why don’t you just shoot the guy?’ But the Joker can’t just shoot him: He has to triumph over him. ” Over the next several years, Harley got her own solo comic book, starred in the   2002 TV series “Birds of Prey” and played a major role in the critically acclaimed 2009 video game Batman: Arkham Asylum, which sold 2. 5 million units within weeks of its release. Tara Strong (“Teen Titans,” “The Powerpuff Girls”) has voiced Harley in several animated series and video games and considers her one of her favorite characters. “In general, video games are the most taxing on a voice actor’s instrument, because you’re constantly screaming and doing death sounds and kicking noises,” Ms. Strong said. “It can make you cranky. But I never get cranky when it’s time for Harley. I don’t care if I have to do a thousand death noises. ” But as the video game Harley got darker and meaner and her comic book artists traded in her    cat suit for corsets, short shorts and pigtails, longtime fans balked at what they saw as the hypersexualization of a character who, unlike other DC heroines, was never really about that. The fourth incarnation of the comic series Suicide Squad, which featured a more bare, more murderous Harley, was canceled. “When they first started messing with her, with the fishnets and the really extreme makeup and the nasty hairstyles, I was frankly put off by it,” Mr. Timm said. Harley’s redemption began with the 2013 start of the comic series Harley Quinn, written by Amanda Conner and Jimmy Palmiotti. For the    team, the emphasis was on fun. Finally away from her   boyfriend, Harley swaps grim Gotham for the joys of Coney Island, and her day job as a   for more dignified work as a landlady, member of a   team and   shrink. She hasn’t stopped killing people, not completely, but there’s notably less of it (a recent   match involved decapitations and poison gas). Whatever your preference in Harleys  —   classic 1990s jester or this year’s Margot Robbie  —   someone somewhere is dressing up as her, from cosplay events to comic conventions. “I just did a show in France a couple months ago,” Mr. Timm said, “and even in France, there are more Harley cosplayers than any other character. There are people who dress up as her as a psychiatrist, before she even became Harley Quinn. ” In “Suicide Squad,” Ms. Robbie sports several outfits and looks during the course of the story. “One of my complaints with these movies is that everyone always wears the exact same thing,” said David Ayer, the movie’s director. Even so, the biggest criticism he still hears from fans is: Why isn’t Harley in her original jester outfit? “You know, I tried,” he said. “There is this sort of a flashback where she appears in it. We tried different things, but it was the more   aesthetic that worked for the character. ” Harley is much more than the sum of her costumes, anyway. “I’ve got daughters,” Mr. Ayer said, “and I think they connect with her freedom to be whatever and whoever she wants to be. ” For Ms. Strong, there’s something even more primal going on. “Sometimes you want to crack someone’s skull in, but you can’t, because that’s illegal,” she said. “People love Harley so much because she lets her crazy out. ”",0
10623,Donald Trump Hints He May Fund Race Himself - The New York Times,"In Las Vegas last week, Donald J. Trump’s Nevada headquarters stood dark. A sign taped to the door declared that it had moved, with “no forwarding information available. ” On a weekday morning in New Hampshire, another battleground state in November, a single worker hovered in Mr. Trump’s main office in Manchester. And at the hub of his national campaign in Trump Tower in Manhattan, Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has cloistered himself with a tiny group of relatives and longtime business associates, relying on a staff of about six dozen people to win over an electorate of more than 120 million. Even as Mr. Trump dominates the campaign on cable news and social media, drawing large crowds with incendiary speeches about immigration and national security, his candidacy has faltered in the   test of political organization. Having swept through the primaries and caucuses with a skeletal campaign staff and a budget funded largely out of his bank account, he must compete against Hillary Clinton, his presumptive Democratic opponent, with only a shadow of the financial and political infrastructure she has amassed. In crucial states, Mr. Trump’s campaign offices have withered. He has not yet put out a single television ad in the general election. He has about as much money on hand for his campaign as the Manhattan district attorney and the New York City comptroller each disclosed having in their last reports. The situation has grown so dire for Mr. Trump that on Tuesday, he suggested that he might tap his personal fortune to keep the campaign afloat. He disclosed on Monday that his campaign finished May with little more than $1 million in the bank. Mrs. Clinton reported having about $42 million. In a defiant statement, Mr. Trump said that he was just getting started as a competitor against Mrs. Clinton, and that there had been a “tremendous outpouring of support” from donors since the beginning of June. But he has mused publicly in recent days about funding the race himself, and on Tuesday opened the door wider to that possibility. “If need be, there could be unlimited ‘cash on hand’ as I would put up my own money, as I have already done through the primaries, spending over $50 million,” he said. Even the stark disparity in cash on hand may understate the desperate straits in which Mr. Trump finds himself. His   led largely by the Republican National Committee, has slowed. He canceled a   with 90 people in Boston last week, after the shooting in Orlando, Fla. it has been rescheduled for June 29. Mr. Trump is to be feted at two   in Manhattan this week, organized by Woody Johnson, the owner of the New York Jets, with one event featuring Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey. But the ticket price for that event is only $500, a paltry sum for a presidential campaign, and only 260 people have signed up, according to a person involved in Mr. Trump’s   who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the information was not intended for the public. Charles Spies, a Republican election lawyer who advised the “super PAC” that supported Jeb Bush, said Mr. Trump would have to put in an enormous amount of his own money to   his campaign and win over big donors. He suggested an appropriate figure would be $100 million to $200 million. Mr. Spies said Mr. Trump should also forgive the loans he had made to his campaign, to reassure contributors that he would not use their money to repay himself. Mr. Trump has already raised eyebrows among party donors by spending freely to hold campaign events at properties he owns, and for the cost of flights on his private jet. “For donors to invest in his campaign, he’s got to show that he’s investing in it also,” Mr. Spies said. “He’s got to have $500 million to run a   campaign, and that would mean getting outspent by Hillary Clinton and her allies, between two and three to one. ” Dwight Schar, a former finance chairman of the Republican National Committee, said Mr. Trump’s grim predicament came as little surprise. Mr. Trump never courted party donors during the primary season and accused them of seeking to buy influence in government, boasting that as a wealthy man he would be immune to their entreaties. “I think Mr. Trump has got all the money, so he doesn’t need any financing,” said Mr. Schar, who said he was undecided about whether to back Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. He added, “I think my mother used to say, ‘What you sow, you reap. ’” Mr. Trump has reported that his net worth is about $10 billion, though it is unclear how much is in cash, or could readily be converted to cash, that could be used for a presidential campaign. Mr. Trump’s advisers spent much of Tuesday morning huddled at Trump Tower to discuss the way forward, including a speech he has planned for Wednesday attacking Mrs. Clinton. The address, advisers said, will be the first of several speeches Mr. Trump plans to give, with the goal of regaining traction in the race. Mr. Trump’s knack for commanding news media attention, however, is no substitute for a campaign organization. Mrs. Clinton’s staff is larger than Mr. Trump’s by nearly tenfold, and her stable of advisers includes the polling and advertising firms that steered President Obama’s campaigns. Mr. Trump’s campaign, by contrast, rolled from state to state during the Republican primaries, building   operations as needed, but left few resources behind that he could now draw upon in the general election. In New Hampshire, for example, Stephen Stepanek, a state lawmaker who helped steer Mr. Trump’s primary campaign, said there was catching up to do in the state. He predicted there would be 30 or 40 paid staff members in New Hampshire by July. “Trump ran a very tight campaign, and we’re very well aware of that,” Mr. Stepanek said. “After we got through with the primary in New Hampshire, the entire staff moved on to the next primary state. They’re all drifting back now. ” In New York, Mr. Trump has kept a tight circle of advisers and leaned heavily on familiar faces, including his children Michael Cohen, his longtime lawyer and Paul Manafort, a veteran Republican operative with business ties to Mr. Trump that date to the 1980s. He has only the thinnest of communications operations, relying on Hope Hicks, a former spokeswoman for his daughter Ivanka, to handle the avalanche of daily news media requests. And Mr. Trump has struggled to expand his operation, facing cold shoulders and arch skepticism from strategists with deep campaign experience. He has sought to hire a communications director, but has been rebuffed by at least two seasoned operatives who were concerned that working for Mr. Trump could harm their careers, according to Republicans briefed on the hiring efforts. He has recently recruited the pollsters Tony Fabrizio and John McLaughlin, as well as a strategist, Kevin Kellems, to oversee the activities of his campaign surrogates. But he has also shed staff, and late last month dismissed a recently hired political director, Rick Wiley, whom he viewed as insufficiently tough in negotiations with the Republican National Committee. On Monday, Mr. Trump fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, tearing another hole in the architecture of his campaign. Mr. Lewandowski was a close adviser to Mr. Trump, but was viewed with distrust by national party leaders, other Trump advisers and members of the Trump family. The Trump campaign is said to favor hiring a new campaign manager to play a more conventional role, focused on ensuring that basic functions of the organization work together smoothly. There was no one lined up for the job at the time of Mr. Lewandowski’s dismissal.",0
10624,Donald Trump: Bring Back the ’Travel Ban’ to Fight Terror,"The recent terrorist attack in the United Kingdom prompted President Donald Trump to resume his pursuit of the travel ban to prevent terrorism in the United States. [“People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!” he said.  The temporary ban blocks travel and immigration from six Middle Eastern countries  —   Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. Trump’s second attempt at instating a ban was blocked in March by a federal judge in Hawaii, which was upheld by an federal appeals court in May. The president’s first attempt was withdrawn by the White House after it was also blocked by the courts. Trump signed his support for the stronger, first ban. “The Justice Department should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to (the) Supreme Court,” he wrote on Twitter. Trump asked for his Justice Department to expedite hearings for his second version of the ban and then move forward again on a tougher ban. “In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U. S. in order to help keep our country safe,” he wrote. “The courts are slow and political!”",0
10625,WARNING: USDA ALLOWING OVER 20 SYNTHETIC SUBSTANCES IN ORGANIC FOODS,"Home › HEALTH › WARNING: USDA ALLOWING OVER 20 SYNTHETIC SUBSTANCES IN ORGANIC FOODS WARNING: USDA ALLOWING OVER 20 SYNTHETIC SUBSTANCES IN ORGANIC FOODS 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] VICKI BATTS – Just one month ago, a California judge refused to dismiss a lawsuit that seeks to challenge the USDA on their recent, unlawful changes to how synthetic substances are evaluated in the production of organic goods. 
While the charges are simply “alleged” for now, more than a dozen organizations came forward to press the issue. They discovered that at least 20 substances that would have been banned under the previous evaluation method had been allowed to slide through and into our organic foods . 
Unsurprisingly, the federal agency requested that the case be dismissed because they believe that these organizations do not have the legal standing to press such a lawsuit. Our founding fathers probably rolled in their graves when the USDA suggested that any of the citizens of the country for which it serves did not have the “legal standing” to challenge them in court, but particularly those who may be be harmed by its doings. 
Fortunately, U.S. District Judge Haywood Gilliam Jr. of San Francisco disagreed with the USDA’s sentiments, and is allowing the litigation to move forward. Capital Press reports, “Gilliam ruled that it’s plausible the plaintiffs will be harmed by the USDA’s policy change, which they say has allowed more than 20 synthetic substances to continue being used in organic agriculture.” 
The organizations came together to voice their concerns (and press charges) last year, arguing that the agency’s changes to their procedures for handling synthetic substances in organics have effectively made it much more difficult to remove a synthetic ingredient from the list of approved substances. In other words, these new regulations are making it harder to keep organic food clean. 
The organizations’ concerns are primarily focused on the USDA’s decision in 2013 to change the five-year “sunset process” for synthetics that are approved for organic farming. In the past, synthetic substances were banned from the list, unless two-thirds of the 15-member National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) agreed that they should be permitted to remain on the list. 
The USDA has taken this policy and flipped it on its head; in order to eliminate a synthetic chemical from the list, now the NOSB must obtain a vote of at least two-thirds. So instead of voting for a chemical to remain on the list, the NOSB now has to vote to remove them. This means that even a majority of nine people will not be able to effectively remove unwanted substances from organic foods. 
Will Fantle, co-founder of the Cornucopia Institute, a nonprofit organic industry watchdog site, commented, “This gets at the heart of decision-making at the National Organic Standards Board.” Fantle also noted that now, instead of allowing these products to “sunset,” or simply fade out of use, the USDA’s new policy will force these ingredients into the “land of the midnight sun.” 
The plaintiffs state that the USDA’s newly-minted process harms consumers who pay a premium for organic produce and products, because there is an expectation that these goods are produced with a minimal amount of synthetics. This deception also harms farmers, because it undermines the “organic” label. These are products that are supposed to be produced with integrity in mind. 
The first lawsuit presented by the group was dismissed because it lacked specificity. Not to be deterred, the plaintiffs identified 20 different substances that would have been banned under the previous NOSB policy. In their lawsuit, they also state that “ the USDA promulgated the regulation without providing the public the opportunity for notice and comment and acted in an arbitrary and capricious manner[.]” 
Hopefully, the lawsuit will be successful and the USDA will be forced to revoke their terrible new policy. If Americans continue to band together and fight against such deceitful practices, we may eventually be able to clean up our food (and our country). Post navigation",0
10626,"The Same, Only Different: Designing a New Union Square Cafe - The New York Times","On a clear February morning, executives from Union Square Hospitality Group and several architects sipped hot coffee and milled around a table in the partly demolished remains of a shuttered restaurant, waiting for Danny Meyer. Winter light through immense,    windows cast a pall on the stained,     walls. A sculpture of a red crab dangled above the front door. Architectural drawings were spread across the table. Mr. Meyer arrived and everybody turned toward them like physicians attending to a critical patient. When Union Square Cafe reboots next month in its new location at 19th Street and Park Avenue South  —   the bygone home of City Crab  Seafood Company  —   Mr. Meyer’s first, signature restaurant will be engaged in a quasiscientific enterprise. Take one of the most cherished   establishments in the city, a longtime regular atop the Zagat   list. Keep the chef, the staff, even the old favorites from the menu, but (isolating the variable) move three blocks. Then determine: Precisely how much, in a business built on food and service, does “place” (more specifically, architecture) matter? And is it possible to uproot a classic without destroying its essence? It’s hard to think of many attempts that have worked. The man in charge of this experiment is the architect and restaurant whisperer David Rockwell, whose design credits include a Tony for the musical “She Loves Me,” hotels from the W in Paris to the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, and restaurants like Nobu Fifty Seven in Midtown Manhattan and Gato downtown. For the last year or so, Mr. Rockwell and his colleagues at Rockwell Group have been laboring to extract the ambient DNA of the old Union Square Cafe and implant it into a new, very different body. Part of the experiment has involved mixing two   yet dissimilar auteurs. “David is allergic to the status quo, while Danny arrives at a project with about 15 design elements he already wants, which come from places he’s been, things he’s found,” said Richard Coraine, Union Square’s chief development officer, who has worked with both of them for years. “Danny will say, ‘I’ve been to this place where you can see into the wine cellar,’ and David will pull out a piece of tracing paper and pick up a red pen in his left hand, waving it around. I’ve told him he’s got the best left arm since Sandy Koufax. ‘What if the wine rack looked like an apothecary cabinet?’ he’ll ask Danny, and then start sketching. ” That exchange produced the wine room at Maialino, Mr. Meyer’s Italian restaurant on Gramercy Park. For Union Square Cafe, Mr. Meyer didn’t want “another Rockwell,” as he put it to me last fall, when I started dropping in from time to time on planning sessions, where the two men sometimes approximated an old married couple. Mr. Rockwell would propose some floor tile or light fixture. Then he would nod and purse his lips without actually agreeing while Mr. Meyer would make a countersuggestion, claiming to defer to Mr. Rockwell’s expertise but expecting to get what he wanted. What he wanted was Union Square Cafe, only different. “We’re usually called on to invent things at a much more visible, bigger scale,” Mr. Rockwell said. “The invention here took place more on a micro scale. ” So did meetings, where Mr. Meyer’s team, including Sam Lipp, Union Square Cafe’s director of operations, and Carmen Quagliata, the restaurant’s executive chef, would suddenly deliver a dissertation on the turning radius a barista needs behind the coffee station, or the effects of citrus on different types of wood. Mr. Meyer himself spent the better part of one session musing on the width of the mullions in the new windows. He wanted them to recall the ones in the old restaurant so that, from the sidewalk, even before entering the restaurant, as Mr. Coraine put it, “people will feel they’ve come home. ” Mr. Rockwell elaborated: “The best restaurant designs are made up of large decisions and lots of tiny details. But ultimately, what comes from long experience, Danny’s and mine, involves what I’d call ‘in between’ things: Designing for when a restaurant isn’t full. Ensuring there’s easy eye contact from every table with the waiters’ stations, so diners feel they’re always in control, never swallowed up in a big space. Designing spaces so people want to explore the room, because a restaurant shouldn’t be a  . “A restaurant should unfold, like a series of snapshots,” he added. “That was part of what defined the original Union Square Cafe. It was episodic. ” The original occupied a side street that   into Union Square Park. It was what Mr. Rockwell calls a “slow” locale. The new address, Park Avenue South, is almost the reverse, choked with traffic and lined with singles bars. Mr. Meyer and Mr. Rockwell agreed from the start that the new entrance should be on 19th Street, not Park. That was the easy move. At 10, 000 square feet, the new place is as cavernous as the original,    Union Square Cafe was a deteriorating rabbit warren. Faucets leaked, the wiring dated back to the Truman administration. Repairs would cost a fortune. Then, in 2014, as the expiration of the lease loomed, the landlord proposed more than doubling the rent. “The numbers just didn’t add up,” said Mr. Meyer, declining to be specific. “Suffice it to say, we would have been working for the landlord instead of giving raises and promotions to our staff. ” Briefly, he thought about ending a great run, then decided that “Union Square Cafe had to go on,” he said. “It’s my firstborn. It’s a New York institution. For our company, it’s the mother yeast of every loaf we’ve ever baked. ” His team started scouring for a new home not more than a     ride (not seven or eight minutes  —   six) from the Union Square Greenmarket, whose fresh food provided the restaurant’s lifeblood from Day 1. Three decades ago, Union Square was a derelict magnet for drug dealers and crime, and the newly opened cafe was a pioneer. It became a victim of the very prosperity it helped bring to the neighborhood  —   and today it is following the northward creep of restaurants from the square that it also set off. Usefully, Mr. Rockwell, 60, had been a regular at the original. He knew its pluses and minuses, including the narrow corridors and terrible circulation, the back room that was Siberia, the kitchen that was a dungeon. And yet almost despite itself, the restaurant achieved what Mr. Meyer, now 58 and then a    novice, and Larry Bogdanow, the original architect, set out to accomplish in 1985: to blur the line between going out and coming home. The architecture, or really the apparent lack of any, reinforced the cafe’s     vaguely Midwestern mood. The fuzzy aesthetic blending Italian trattoria, San Francisco bistro and Shaker Meeting House echoed the borderless cuisine. The layout’s flaws only amplified loyalists’ affection, as did the strategically selected    furniture and art collection the umbrella stand in the vestibule the long mahogany bar, with its shelves of wine bottles and ample room to eat, and the jazzy Judy Rifka murals of gamboling figures, “Satyricon” lite. Mr. Lipp sat down to chat one early December afternoon, just before the old place closed. “This restaurant has been a club to many of our regular diners,” he said. “Any time you move an iconic brand, even a few blocks, it’s a big concern, in this case not just because Park Avenue isn’t 16th Street. People by their nature are habitual. ” He cited the business management book “Who Moved My Cheese?” “Like Danny says, we want to make this move with our regulars, not do it to them,” Mr. Lipp said. “At the end of the day, I can buy the same chicken Tom Keller buys and cook it the same way he does. But he can’t create the feeling evoked at Union Square Cafe. That’s why David is so key. ” Mr. Meyer put it this way: “You don’t hire David Rockwell if you just need a cover band. ” The new layout looks airy, sunny, logical. It doesn’t make any big statements or break any new architectural ground, because that wasn’t the assignment. The design manages to bring a lofty space with immense windows down to human scale by breaking it up. Not counting the addition of a private dining room (it has its own staff) the restaurant will grow by only about eight seats, to 138. As in the old place, a vestibule directs diners past a few cafe tables toward the bar. The main room is lined with wainscoting, its   color   to update the original green wainscoting. A big staircase becomes the main architectural focus and spatial divider, implying a separation of rooms. A scrim of lights, at nine feet, aligned with the mezzanine, creates a layer of intimacy, slicing the restaurant’s lofty height in half. Discreet spotlights in the ceiling focus pools of light around clusters of tables. On the mezzanine, booths look down onto the main floor like opera boxes, these may well become the best seats in the house. There’s a second bar upstairs for a   or so guests, a remnant salvaged from the original cafe, illuminated by some of Mr. Bogdanow’s old glass fixtures.   cherry wood floors, like the ones on 16th Street but now variously patterned, demarcate spaces to underscore the episodic layout. It’s a kind of homage, the same but not, updated and, for a celebrity designer,   with nods that may register only subliminally, like the main bar, which is the exact same length as the old bar (27 feet 1 inch) the concrete floor tiles next to it, which are the same width as the   ones at 16th Street the brass light fixtures over the bar, hung at the same height. “Union Square Cafe had its own community,” Mr. Rockwell said. “It was where many other people came to celebrate. It’s near and dear to me. Restaurants were my introduction to New York, places like Schrafft’s. I know this sounds kind of heavy, but having lost my dad when I was 3, moving a lot, then my mom passing away when I was 15, places that marked celebration and connection, they’ve made a big impact on me. “Something as simple but complicated as getting a meal, it’s one of the things that makes a city so vital,” Mr. Rockwell said. “This was a rare opportunity, to take a seminal place for New Yorkers and prove that the city remains alive. ”",0
10627,Huma Abedin’s Muslim Dad, ,0
10628,Malcolm X on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump,"  A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
When astute political commentary from a half century ago eloquently describes the current political conundrum it means we’ve been stuck in a bad place for a long time. Do we really want Malcolm’s observation to apply four or eight or twenty years further into the future? Malcolm X on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
It’s that time again, it’s presidential election season, and as we hear every four years, THIS is the most important presidential election of our lives. The fact that you’ve heard that before should tell us something. It should us that in presidential years, many old things becomes new again, often because so much of what we’re told IS new is really pretty old. 
Malcolm X has been dead now a half century, dead for more years than he was ever alive. But since at least one of the tricks and traps deployed to fool, frustrate and neutralize our grandparents’ right to vote hasn’t changed much we might want to listen carefully to what Malcolm’s words in the aftermath of the 1964 presidential election. 
“ If Johnson had been running all by himself, he would not have been acceptable to anyone. The only thing that made him acceptable to the world was that the shrewd capitalists, the shrewd imperialists, knew that the only way people would run toward the fox would be if you showed them a wolf. So they created a ghastly alternative. And it had the whole world — including people who call themselves Marxists — hoping that Johnson would beat Goldwater.” 
Like today’s Donald Trump, Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater was a truly reprehensible and frightening figure, who had opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that banned racial discrimination in public accommodations, and who favored the use of nuclear weapons to defoliate the Vietnamese countryside. Also like Donald Trump, Goldwater never really stood a chance of winning the election. Goldwater the wolf was buried beneath a Johnson landslide, carrying only 6 out of the 50 states. Republican officeholders are running away from Donald Trump not because he’s a racist bufoon but because he’s expected to lose states Republicans are accustomed to winning. 
The fox, Lyndon Baines Johnson went on to start a war in Indochina that killed three million Vietnamese alone. LBJ defoliated the Vietnamese countryside with millions of tons of Agent Orange instead of nukes, causing hundreds of thousands of hideous and gruesome birth defects that continue to this day. 
The wolf and the fox this year are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Trump is a real estate con man, a racist and a hyper-entitled sexual predator who talks about building walls and banning Muslims. Fortunately for us all, Trump has never been in government. Hillary has scarcely ever been out of government. She’s fronted for Wal-Mart, executed bloody regime change in Libya, brought US troops to Ukraine on the Russian border, and publicly itches for a showdown in Syria. Thanks to Wikileaks there is copious evidence that Hillary’s public stands on a wide range of issues from charter schools to so-called trade agreements, to fracking and social security stand in stark contrast to the promises she makes to the powerful. 
Just as it worked 52 years ago, the overwhelming defeat of her wolvish opponent will give Hillary the appearance of a mandate. But the margin of Hillary’s victory provides those of us on the left an unprecedented opportunity. It means there is no need for those who imagine themselves on the of jobs, justice, peace and the planet to ride to Hilllary’s rescue and ensure the defeat of Donald Trump. Trump has already beaten himself. 
This election is our best chance to break out of the decades-old two party trap and build a new political force, a new political party. The Green Party is the only peace party, the only party that stands for people and planet over profit, and our only opportunity to vote our hopes, not our fears. It’s time to choose. 
We vote Green and build Green, we can consign the political conundrum Malcolm X eloquently described a half century ago to the garbage can of history. Or we can vote for Hillary, and Malcolm’s words will be as applicable four or eight years or twenty years from now as they have been for the last fifty. For Black Agenda Radio I’m Bruce Dixon. Bruce Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report and the co-chair of the GA Green party. He lives and works near Marietta GA and can be reached  ",0
10629,"Zika Looms in Asia, Tempered by a Fuller View of Its Dangers - The New York Times","The Zika virus caught the world’s attention last year after experts noticed that a small percentage of women carrying the virus in Latin America were giving birth to children with microcephaly, a defect that causes malformed heads and severely stunts brain development. The virus is now endemic there, and scientists fear that caseloads may spike again during the hot, wet months of the Southern Hemisphere’s summer, which begins in December. But although the Zika strain circulating in Latin America is originally from Asia, health experts know little about its history on that side of the Pacific. “We know the virus has been circulating in the region for the better part of 70 years, but we don’t know how extensively,” said Duane J. Gubler, an emeritus professor at the   Medical School in Singapore. Zika may have been understudied for decades because there were no routine tests for it until recently, scientists say, and perhaps also because the symptoms resemble those of mild dengue fever. Another possibility, they say, is that women carrying the Zika virus gave birth to microcephalic children at home. Microcephaly was first noticed in Brazil only because doctors in neonatal intensive care units of several hospitals realized that they had far more children with the problem than they normally did, and many of the mothers reported having Zika symptoms months earlier. But the Zika scare in Latin America has prompted a recent surge in awareness and monitoring of the virus in Asia. Health ministries across the region have reported hundreds of new infections in recent months. And in October, the World Health Organization said that the Western Pacific region was “highly likely” to report more cases  —   and possibly new outbreaks. Humans are primarily infected with Zika through the bites of mosquitoes from the Aedes genus  —   the same ones that carry dengue, yellow fever and other   illnesses. Zika can also be transmitted sexually, although scientists have not yet determined how long the virus lingers in semen or vaginal fluids. The majority of people who contract Zika never experience symptoms, and the symptoms that do appear  —   including fever, rash, joint pain and conjunctivitis  —   are often mild. But Zika can cause microcephaly and other birth defects in infants born to women who are infected during pregnancy. Scientists also believe that Zika infections are linked to the prevalence of   syndrome, a rare disease of the nervous system that can cause muscle weakness and even paralysis. A Zika vaccine is being developed, but the process may take years. In February, as microcephaly and   cases that scientists believed were linked to Zika appeared in Latin America and the Caribbean, the World Health Organization declared the Zika epidemic a public health emergency. The agency announced an end to that emergency this month but cautioned that the disease should now be viewed, like malaria and yellow fever, as a continuing threat. By   75 countries had reported   Zika transmissions for the first time since 2007, with nearly half of the new transmissions occurring this year alone. In Southeast Asia, Singapore and Thailand have reported many of the cases this year, with hundreds each. Thailand also reported Southeast Asia’s first two cases of   microcephaly in infants in late September, and Vietnam reported what it said was probably its first   microcephaly case in late October. The United States Centers for Disease Control said in a September memo that pregnant women should “consider postponing nonessential” travel to 11 Southeast Asian countries because the virus is linked to birth defects. But the number of reported Zika infections and infant malformation cases with likely links to Zika in the region is still significantly lower than the number in Latin America and the Caribbean. (More than 2, 000 babies have been born with microcephaly in Brazil, far more than in any other country.) The C. D. C. has also said that recent reports of new Zika cases in Southeast Asia may simply reflect increased awareness or monitoring, rather than increasing transmission. Scientists say that tropical Asian countries’ long experience with   diseases may help their response. Girls who contract Zika are believed to be immune when they reach their childbearing years, meaning they cannot give birth to microcephalic babies. People who live in countries that are “hyperendemic” to dengue  —   including Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines  —   also carry natural antibodies that some scientists say may help them to suppress or protect against Zika infections. Dr. Sutee Yoksan, a dengue expert at Mahidol University in Thailand, said that theory is now being tested through research projects in multiple countries. (Other scientists, by contrast, worry that dengue antibodies may make Zika infections worse.) Southeast Asian officials so far appear relatively sanguine about the risks that Zika poses to their citizens, and dengue remains a greater threat, said Tikki Pang, a former director of policy research at the World Health Organization. But those officials probably would feel political pressure to respond to Zika more aggressively, he added, if it became clearer to them that the virus posed a risk to unborn children. Asia’s experience with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS, and other infectious diseases has prompted increased coordination among its countries’ health ministries since the early 2000s, health experts said in interviews, and that coordination may come in handy if Zika transmission surges in the region. But officials may be underestimating Zika’s spread in Southeast Asia, in part because some countries lack the resources to test for Zika infections on a large scale, the experts said. The fight could also be hindered by a chronic lack of political will in the region to address   diseases with   investments in vaccine development, public education and new   technologies, they said.",0
10630,Apple to Spend $200 Million Supporting Corning Plant in Kentucky - Breitbart,"FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP)  —   Apple says it will give $200 million to Corning Inc. so it can invest in a Kentucky plant that makes glass screens for iPhones and iPads. [advertisement",0
10631,Jewish Center Bomb Threat Suspect Is Arrested in Israel - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   A monthslong wave of bomb threats against Jewish institutions in the United States that prompted evacuations, heightened security and fears of rising   gave way to an unexpected twist on Thursday. The person responsible for many of the threats, law enforcement officials said, was half a world away, in Israel, a Jewish teenager. An intensive investigation spanning multiple countries culminated on Thursday in the arrest of the    suspect, who holds dual Israeli and American citizenship, and his father. The teenager’s lawyer said he had a brain tumor that could affect his behavior. The surge in threats over the past few months  —   well over 100 sent to Jewish community centers, schools and museums since the start of the year  —   coincided with an increase in hate crimes against a number of groups, from scrawled swastikas to homicides, feeding worries about a new era of bigotry. American and Israeli officials refused to say how many of those threats the suspect was accused of making. And some recent   acts were apparently committed by others, like threats against Jewish centers for which a Missouri man was charged, and the vandalizing of Jewish cemeteries. But officials made it clear that they considered the teenager, who lived in the Ashkelon area of southern Israel, to be the primary source of the threats, though they did not offer a motive. “This is the guy we are talking about,” an Israeli police spokesman, Micky Rosenfeld, said. The suspect made threats to sites in Australia and New Zealand, as well as in the United States, and to at least one commercial airline flight, prompting an emergency landing, Mr. Rosenfeld said. A judge ordered the suspect, who has not been charged, held until at least March 30 and ordered a medical examination. His father was ordered held for eight days, on suspicion that he might have been aware of the threats, or even been involved. The father denies any knowledge of the threats, his lawyer said. The judge imposed an order of silence forbidding the Israeli authorities to release either man’s name. The teenager, who was born in Israel, has a brain tumor that can affect his cognitive abilities and lead to “irrational” behavior, his lawyer, Galit Bash, said. She would not say whether her client, who she said did not have a criminal record, had admitted or denied involvement. Ms. Bash and the father’s lawyer, Eran Rau, who are both from the Office of the Israeli Public Defender, said the young man was an only child who lived with his parents and had been   which is unusual in Israel. While most Israelis are drafted into military service, the teenager was rejected, which Ms. Bash said was because of his medical condition. Israeli news media reported that she had said in court that he had the tumor since he was 14. The father, an engineer in his early 50s, was cooperating with investigators, Mr. Rau said. He said his client, who also has no criminal record, was concerned primarily with his son’s welfare, given his medical condition. “This all seems very strange and preliminary to me,” Mr. Rau said. Israeli news outlets reported that when the teenager was arrested, he tried to grab an officer’s gun. In his brief court appearance, the suspect, wearing khaki cargo pants, bowed his head and pulled up his shirt to conceal his face. On Thursday morning, after months of investigation and waves of turmoil and panic, the Federal Bureau of Investigation held a conference call with leaders of Jewish organizations to discuss the surprising denouement to the investigation. As the news spread, it drew mixed reactions from Jewish leaders and   groups who tried to make sense of it. Joel Dinkin, the executive vice president of the Evelyn Rubenstein Jewish Community Center of Houston, said that it was “a little bit perplexing from the standpoint of the fact that it’s somebody Jewish. ” Jonathan A. Greenblatt, chief executive of the   League, cautioned that many of the people responsible for   threats, vandalism and “a torrent of abuse online” remained at large. And even the threats attributed to the Israeli teenager, he said, should still be considered acts of  . “The motive may have been unclear, but the impact was crystal clear,” Mr. Greenblatt said. “These were acts that terrorized a community just because of their faith. ” Critics of President Trump have accused him of playing down hatred and violence against minority groups and charged that his   remarks are fueling conflict. He did not publicly condemn the   threats and vandalism until Feb. 21, weeks after Jewish groups began calling on him to speak out. On Feb. 28, in a meeting with state attorneys general, Mr. Trump suggested that some of the threats and vandalism could be a politically motivated effort to “make people look bad,” rather than actual expressions of bias, according to people who took part in the meeting. Despite the arrest, “we hope our elected officials will directly confront the wave of hate violence that we’ve seen since the election,” said Heidi Beirich, the director of the Southern Poverty Law Center Intelligence Project. The authorities said the person who made the calls had sent them through the internet and used sophisticated software to disguise his location and camouflage his voice, which slowed the investigation. When the Israeli police searched the suspect’s house, investigators confiscated computers, an antenna and other equipment. An American official said it appeared that the man had used Tor, widely available anonymity software that masks a computer’s true whereabouts by routing its internet traffic through various points around the globe. Many people use Tor, which is managed by a nonprofit digital privacy group, including those conducting illicit business and activists trying to avoid government censorship or surveillance. “The investigation began in several countries at the same time, in which dozens of threatening calls were received at public places, events, synagogues and community buildings that caused panic and disrupted events and activities in various organizations,” the Israeli police said in a statement. The F. B. I. worked closely with the Israeli authorities on the investigation, starting in September  —   months before American organizations began to note a surge in threats to American targets, according to Cary Gleicher, the bureau’s top agent in Israel. Some of the earliest American targets of bomb threats were schools, centers and museums in Alaska, Florida and New York that were affiliated with   an Orthodox Jewish movement, according to a Chabad official. The movement did not publicize the threats, which received little or no news coverage. Mr. Gleicher said he had met in early March in Washington with James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, who asked about efforts to find the person making the threatening calls, and made it clear that he had “great interest in getting this thing done. ” In   Mr. Comey met with Jewish leaders at bureau headquarters to brief them on the investigation. “I left with a level of confidence that they were definitively making strides,” said Jerry B. Silverman, the chief executive of the Jewish Federations of North America. “It was clear that they were moving at a very rapid pace. ” The   cooperation intensified last week, when the F. B. I. sent 14 people  —   both agents and technical experts  —   to Israel to assist in the investigation, Mr. Gleicher said in an interview from Israel. “This was a big deal,” he said, adding that it had taken the resources of both countries to get “across the finish line. ” “Monday was the eureka moment,” he said, when investigators figured out who was making the calls. In a statement, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who described the threats as “hate crimes,” said, “The Department of Justice is committed to protecting the civil rights of all Americans, and we will not tolerate the targeting of any community in this country on the basis of their religious beliefs. ”",0
10632,"Missing Mexican Students Suffered a Night of ‘Terror,’ Investigators Say - The New York Times","MEXICO CITY  —   Municipal police officers encircled the bus, detonated tear gas, punctured the tires and forced the college students who were onboard to get off. “We’re going to kill all of you,” the officers warned, according to the bus driver. A policeman approached the driver and pointed a pistol at his chest. “You, too,” the officer said. With a military intelligence official looking on and state and federal police officers in the immediate vicinity, witnesses said, the students were put into police vehicles and taken away. They have not been seen since. They were among the 43 students who vanished in the city of Iguala one night in September 2014 amid violent, chaotic circumstances laid bare by an international panel of investigators who have been examining the matter for more than a year. The reason for the students’ abduction remains a mystery. Despite apparent stonewalling by the Mexican government in recent months, the panel’s two reports on the case, the most recent of which was released on Sunday, provide the fullest accounting of the events surrounding the students’ disappearance, which also left six other people dead, including three students, and scores wounded. The reports describe a night of confusion and terror for the students and city residents, and a seemingly clinical, coordinated harvest by Mexican law enforcement officials and other gunmen operating in and around Iguala, in Guerrero, one of Mexico’s poorest and most violent states. The government said 123 people, including 73 municipal police officials, had been detained on   charges in relation to the night’s events, and the Mexican authorities have linked the Iguala police force to a powerful drug gang. The 43 students were undergraduates at Escuela Normal Rural Raúl Isidro Burgos, a teachers college, in Ayotzinapa, with a history of activism. They were among about 100 students who headed out on the evening of Sept. 26, 2014, with a plan to steal some buses. This was a tradition that students at the school had done for many years: They would take the buses, use them to transport their peers to an event and then return them when they were done. The bus companies and the authorities mostly tolerated it. The plan for the outing that evening was to secure several buses to carry students to a march in Mexico City several days later to commemorate a student massacre that had occurred in 1968. Riding in two buses they had commandeered on earlier occasions, they stationed themselves on a main road on the outskirts of Iguala, planning to intercept a few buses. “All of us were happy, having a blast, relaxed, happy with the drivers, playing,” a student later testified, according to the panel’s first report. It relied on testimony from survivors, government security officials and other witnesses as well as reports from an interagency government command center. But the region’s security forces were already onto the students’ plans. The federal police stepped up patrols near the buses, and the command center linking local, state and federal police forces, as well as the military, kept tabs on the students. At 8:15 p. m. the students made their first strike, boarding a bus that had stopped in front of a restaurant. The driver knew the drill bus companies generally instruct drivers that in the event of a student hijacking, they should remain with the buses to ensure their safe return. The bus driver said he needed to make a pit stop at Iguala’s central bus station. At the station, the driver surprised the students and locked them in the bus. Around 9:15 p. m. the students in the two other buses arrived at the station and freed their classmates. The group commandeered three more buses, leaving behind one that had no driver. The five buses then left for Ayotzinapa, three heading toward Iguala’s northern beltway, two toward the southern beltway. Then the shooting began. Several police cars pursuing the three northbound buses started firing warning shots into the air. But the threat of violence did not deter the students. A group of them left the buses and started throwing rocks at a police car that had blocked their path until the car drove away. At another point, a student sneaked up behind a police officer and tried to disarm him. As other police officers came to their colleague’s aid, the student ran away, and a police bullet ricocheted and struck him, lightly wounding him. As the convoy resumed its northward course through the city, police bullets hit the buses. The students threw themselves flat on the floor but ordered the drivers to keep going. Near the beltway, however, the police had blocked the road with a vehicle. Several students got off the buses and tried to lift the cruiser out of the roadway, but officers posted on the highway opened fire on the group, forcing the students to seek cover behind the buses. Investigators later counted 30 bullet holes in one of the buses. As bullets flew and windows shattered, one of the students, Aldo Gutiérrez, was shot in the head. The first call to an emergency dispatch number was received at 9:48 p. m. Police officers shot at students who tried to rush to Mr. Gutiérrez’s aid. Another student was shot in a hand the bullet sheared off several fingers. He sought shelter behind a truck, where two police officers ran over to him, and kicked and punched him. A third student was struck in an arm by a bullet. Ambulance crews managed to retrieve the three wounded students and take them to a hospital, along with a fourth student who suffered an asthma attack. “They all felt confusion, terror and helplessness,” wrote the panel, five lawyers and human rights experts from around Latin America. At one point, the police made a group of students who were hiding in the third bus disembark and lie on the ground. About 10:50 p. m. they were taken away in six or seven patrol cars. They are among the 43 students who disappeared. Meanwhile, the two buses that took the southerly route had also run into trouble. About 9:40 p. m. just as the   convoy was intercepted near the northern beltway, the police cut off one of the southbound buses, shattered its windows with tree branches and shot tear gas inside to flush out the passengers. The passengers were pulled from the bus and taken away: the rest of the 43 missing students. Elsewhere in the city, the police had stopped the other southbound bus. The students on board, who had received word by telephone of the other attacks, got off the bus and fled into woods. In a measure of the violent pandemonium that overcame Iguala that night, another bus and several other civilian vehicles came under attack even though they had nothing to do with the students. Los Avispones, a soccer team of high schoolers from the city of Chilpancingo, had played a match that night against a local team in Iguala. By 11:15 p. m. the players were aboard their bus and heading home. Their route out of Iguala took them through a state police roadblock where they were rerouted because of the confrontation between the students and the police, witnesses said. About seven miles outside Iguala, gunmen fired on the bus, killing a soccer player and the driver, and wounding seven other passengers. The attackers also fired at other passing cars, killing a    woman who was riding in a taxi. Witnesses said the gunmen had included police officers, and ballistic tests found that some of the weapons used in the attack belonged to the Iguala municipal police department. “The most probable hypothesis is that the bus had been confused for one of those carrying the student teachers,” the investigators wrote. Some soccer players, including one who had been wounded in the eye and was bleeding profusely, managed to drive to a nearby army battalion but were offered no help. “They indicated that they couldn’t do anything because it wasn’t in their jurisdiction,” a witness testified. Elsewhere, on routes leading from Iguala to Ayotzinapa, at least two roadblocks were set up by unidentified gunmen, and one by police officers from the city of Huitzuco. Two civilians were wounded by gunfire at one of the roadblocks. The expert panel concluded that “the joint action shows a coordinated modus operandi to stop the flight of the buses. ” Meanwhile, at the entrance to the northern beltway, students who had survived the police fusillade against the   convoy began to emerge from their hiding places and regroup at the scene around 11 p. m. The police had left by then, and the students sought to record the evidence of the attack while trying to communicate with their classmates in the other buses. Journalists, as well as some teachers, began to show up, and by midnight an impromptu news conference was taking shape in the middle of the road. About 12:30 a. m. a white sport utility vehicle and a black car drove by, their occupants taking photos of the gathering. Some were wearing bulletproof vests and hoods. Some witnesses said they also had seen a police car in the area. Fifteen minutes later, the vehicles returned, and three men jumped out and fired on the news conference from close range. Two young men were killed, and other people, including students and teachers, were wounded. The survivors fled into the surrounding blocks. A teacher and several students ran to a clinic to find help for the wounded. No doctor was present, but despite their appeals to emergency dispatchers and to military personnel who appeared at the clinic, an ambulance did not arrive for more than an hour. As late as 3 a. m. the bodies of the two young men still lay in the street, uncovered, in the pouring rain. By dawn, the situation had calmed down, and the surviving students who had been hiding across the city received word by telephone that it was safe to come out. Over the course of the morning, they gathered at the local offices of the attorney general, where they met with the authorities. That morning, the authorities also found the body of another student, Julio César Mondragón, who had been at the news conference. He had fled when the shooting began and had become separated from the group. His facial skin and muscles had been torn away from his head, his skull was fractured in several places, and his internal organs were ruptured. His condition, the investigators wrote, “shows the level of atrocities committed that night. ”",0
10633,Edm dj smokes dmt and realizes his music sucks,"Comments 
Swedish EDM star Axwell has today announced plans top quit the music industry after discovering that he was not a real DJ while taking the poweful hallucinogenic DMT. 
DMT, often described as a window into the soul, is the main ingredient in ayahuasca, a psychedelic brew used by the people of the Amazon to contact the spirit world for ceremonial or healing purposes. DMT use can often lead to people having deep and profound spiritual experiences and, as in Axwell’s case, can lead to users making extreme lifestyle changing decisions. 
“I can finally see clearly, all of these years I thought I knew what I was doing but I was clueless, like a snowflake floating in a winter tundra,” explained Axwell calmly. 
“I delved deep inside my mind and questioned my inner self about the fabric of time, the meaning of life and my purpose on earth,” explained the enlightened DJ, “I looked directly into the eyes of nature and all existence and I knew straight away that I wasn’t a real DJ and I never had been. I’m a fraud and my entire life has been a lie. I’m just glad I found out while I’m still young enough to make a change.” 
“Im my heart I think I already knew. To be honest I think anyone who’s ever heard Swedish House Mafia or any of my solo work or any of Steve (Angello) or Seb’s (Ingrosso) solo work or any of the music myself and Seb made already knew. It’s pretty obvious really,” he admitted. “But now it’s official, I’ve told the guys and they actually agree that they’re not real DJs either but they’re happy enough to keep living the masquerade because, to be honest, the money is rather good.” 
“I however am ready to move on, to spread my wing and fly if you will,” continued Axwell. “I’ve heard my new calling and I’m ready to act on it. I’m going to change my name to Acts Well which will be a reflection of all of my future behavior and I’m also going to be opening a chain of fair-trade vegan tofu bars, which will employ only reformed convicts and double up as a shelter for sick animals. It’s the least I can do after the plethora of shit music I’ve inflicted on the world.”",0
10634,Microsoft Introduces Windows 10 Update With Creative Focus,"Re: WINDOWS 10 « Reply #91 on: November 17, 2015, 01:37:05 PM » nVidia even admitted that they intentionally cripple Linux drivers to put performance under Linux the same as performance under Windows.Clips its own product's wings to please MicrosoftBy Chris MerrimanMon Oct 07 2013, 15:28 CHIP DESIGNER Nvidia has revealed that it crippled its Linux driver to ensure parity with Windows.According to a forum poster at the Nvidia Developer Zone , the v310 version of the drivers for Basemosaic has reduced the number of monitors a user can connect simultaneously to three.The firm's reply to the post was the type of dismissive response that the Linux community has come to expect in its dealings with Nvidia.Nvidia said, ""For feature parity between Windows and Linux we set Basemosaic to [three] screens.""So let's be clear about this. Nvidia has chosen to remove functionality from a Linux driver to ensure that it isn't more capable than the Windows version. This really doesn't sound like the action of a company that wants to get along well with Linux developers and users. So far, Nvidia hasn't indicated whether this is a temporary situation, or more likely a permanent arrangement.There can be one of two obvious motives for this, which amount to two sides of the same coin. Either Nvidia doesn't want to be seen to show up an embarrassing limitation in Windows or the Windows driver, or the continuing acrimony between the graphics firm and Linux is not over yet.While for most users three monitors are ample, making this a fairly niche problem, it's an example of a company manipulating the marketplace. Of course controlling the flow of progress in order to sell another product is nothing new - video games makers have been doing that since the 1980s.But to control the flow of progress to favour one platform over another is playing ""technology god"" and sets a disturbing precedent. Logged",0
10635,Child Sexual Abuse Scandal Rocks U.K. Soccer - The New York Times,"MARTON, England  —   Andrew Woodward grew up with a soccer ball between his feet. His room, in a   housing estate, was filled with posters of famous players and his head with dreams of becoming a defender for England. When he was 9, he scored a goal from the halfway line in a school match and raced across the field into the arms of his father, who said he was “the proudest dad in the world. ” Two years later, Mr. Woodward was spotted by Barry Bennell, a   soccer scout and youth coach in northern England. It was September 1984, and Mr. Bennell told Mr. Woodward’s parents that he could turn their son into a professional player. Could he come train at Crewe Alexandra, a professional club, and stay with him on weekends to improve his skills? It would prove to be the beginning of a   ordeal of harrowing sexual abuse  —   and it has turned out not to be the only one. After scandals in children’s homes, in the Roman Catholic Church, in the police and in the entertainment industry, where the  child abuser Jimmy Savile is said to have assaulted dozens of youngsters, soccer is the latest British institution to face allegations of the sexual exploitation of children on a broad scale. The nature and extent of the abuse has come as a shock to the country that invented modern soccer and is home to the Premier League, the richest and most widely watched league in the world. Just as troubling is the apparent reluctance at club level to act decisively to stop the abuse then, and more recently. Two years ago, Chelsea, one of the richest clubs in the world, paid a former player, Gary Johnson, 50, 000 pounds, about $63, 000, in an agreement that stopped him from going public with his allegations of sexual abuse at the hands of a former Chelsea youth coach. Four weeks ago, Mr. Woodward, who eventually became a defender for Crewe Alexandra, became the first professional soccer player to go public with his claims of abuse. Since then, at least 20 other former players have followed, and many more have contacted the police privately. A help line has fielded over 1, 000 calls. At least 20 police forces across Britain have opened investigations into 83 suspects in cases involving about 350 possible victims and 98 soccer clubs from the amateur level to the Premier League. In the words of Greg Clarke, the chairman of the Football Association, the governing body that oversees much of soccer in England, it is “one of the biggest crises” in the sport’s history, one that has left Mr. Woodward and many others who suffered at the hands of coaches and officials permanently scarred. At first, Mr. Woodward recalled in an interview last week, the opportunity to become a professional player seemed almost too good to be true. Mr. Bennell could spin a ball on his finger, flick it off his shoulders and rest it on his neck before catching it with his heel. “Like a magician,” Mr. Woodward said. The coach’s home, an isolated cottage on the edge of the Peak District in the middle of England, was the stuff of a boy’s dreams. There was a pool table and a jukebox and a monkey that would sit on Mr. Woodward’s shoulder and eat cucumbers. Mr. Woodward said the television was the biggest he had ever seen. The first time Mr. Woodward stayed at the cottage, Mr. Bennell gave him a pair of soccer cleats to keep. The second time, he asked him to come into bed and play a game he called “follow me,” where they took turns touching each other, at Mr. Bennell’s direction. The third time, the rapes started and they continued for four years: in a bunk bed with another boy lying above in a car on the way to training in youth hostels during soccer tournaments and, occasionally, in Mr. Woodward’s own house, after Mr. Bennell had eaten dinner with Mr. Woodward’s family. When Mr. Woodward resisted, he would be dropped from the next match and made to sit on the bench. “I can ruin your football tomorrow,” Mr. Bennell would tell him, warning: “Keep quiet or you’re finished. ” Mr. Woodward did keep quiet, until 1998, when the police knocked on his door and told him that Mr. Bennell faced charges of sexual abuse. Mr. Woodward became an anonymous witness in a case in which Mr. Bennell, now 62, was sent to jail for nine years on 23 charges of sexual abuse, including buggery, against six boys. Mr. Bennell had already served a prison sentence in the United States for raping a    boy at a soccer holiday camp, and he was convicted again as recently as 2015. Since then, Mr. Bennell has been living under an assumed name, but he was taken back into custody after Mr. Woodward went public with his story in The Guardian, a British newspaper, on Nov. 16. Mr. Bennell now faces eight counts of child sexual assault, the Crown Prosecution Service announced last month. For years, Mr. Bennell and other pedophilic coaches appear to have been protected by powerful individuals at the clubs where they worked. The manager of Crewe Alexandra when Mr. Woodward was being abused, Dario Gradi, was still employed as the club’s director of football until this last weekend. Mr. Gradi was suspended by the Football Association only after another former player said that when Mr. Gradi was assistant manager of Chelsea in the 1970s, he had visited the player’s parents to smooth over the sexual advances of another youth coach, Eddie Heath. Mr. Gradi, who in 1998 was honored by Queen Elizabeth II for his services to soccer, could not be reached for comment. In the past, when players tried to bring abuse to the attention of the soccer authorities, they found little sympathy. The settlement between Chelsea and Mr. Johnson, who says he was also abused by Mr. Heath, who is now dead, came after Mr. Johnson tried in 2013 to tell the police and soccer authorities about the abuse, prompted by the investigation into Jimmy Savile’s actions. He was ignored every step of the way, Mr. Johnson says. Only last week did Chelsea’s leadership apologize to Mr. Johnson in person, after the club waived the condition that he remain silent. The Heath problem has been an internal headache for Chelsea for some time, according to one lawyer familiar with the case, speaking on condition of anonymity because of a continuing investigation. The instinct to close ranks and protect the club is one of the reasons Richard Scorer, a lawyer at Slater and Gordon who has worked on sexual abuse cases for 20 years, says he believes that the scandal in soccer will snowball. His firm represented abuse victims in children’s homes in the   in the Catholic Church in the late 1990s, and, more recently, Mr. Johnson. “Professional football unites all the risk factors,” he said. Like priests, soccer coaches have easy access to children and the trust of parents. But they also have the opportunity for intimate contact with children in showers, changing rooms and on tours. Above all, coaches have a relationship with their players characterized by what Mr. Scorer called “near absolute power. ” “They are the gatekeepers of dreams,” he said. Mr. Bennell always had two boys to stay for the weekend and sometimes three. During the day, he played soccer with them, took them to matches and treated them to meals at McDonald’s. At night, he showed them scary movies to frighten them and then pull them close. Mr. Bennell had a nunchaku  —   a weapon made of two short bars with a chain in the middle  —   that he liked to show off. He made the boys hold a newspaper and then split it in two with the chain. “What we have is special,” he would say. “Don’t ruin it. ” Mr. Woodward,   and introverted, was his favorite. “He would always pick the soft ones with the quiet parents who were less likely to challenge him,” Mr. Woodward recalled. Mr. Bennell would come for dinners at his home and wink at him across the table. Sometimes he would stay over in the room next to his parents’ bedroom. Mr. Woodward’s mother would ask her son why he was so quiet when his coach visited. When Mr. Woodward was 14, Mr. Bennell began seeing his    sister. Two years later, he married her. It is a subject Mr. Woodward cannot bear to talk about except to say that his sister left Mr. Bennell in 1998, the year his former coach went to prison and he finally mustered the courage to tell his family about the years of abuse. Coming forward has been a relief, said Mr. Woodward, who has been told he has   stress disorder and who has tried to take his life several times. His soccer career ended because of recurring panic attacks on the field. “I was playing under a cloud,” he says today. For 12 years, he worked for the police, but he was recently dismissed after a disciplinary tribunal over his having had a relationship with the adult sister of a victim of a crime. Even now, age 43, when the soccer results are read out on the radio and his old club is mentioned, he says his stomach turns. He has never returned to Crewe, though it is less than an hour’s drive from his house.",0
10636,Emails Renew Questions About Clinton Foundation and State Dept. Overlap - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A new batch of State Department emails released Tuesday showed the close and sometimes overlapping interests between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department when Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state. The documents raised new questions about whether the charitable foundation worked to reward its donors with access and influence at the State Department, a charge that Mrs. Clinton has faced in the past and has always denied. In one email exchange, for instance, an executive at the Clinton Foundation in 2009 sought to put a billionaire donor in touch with the United States ambassador to Lebanon because of the donor’s interests there. In another email, the foundation appeared to push aides to Mrs. Clinton to help find a job for a foundation associate. Her aides indicated that the department was working on the request. Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign, which has been shadowed for 17 months by the controversy over the private email server she used exclusively while at the State Department, said that the emails released Tuesday had no bearing on the foundation’s work. The State Department turned the new emails over to a conservative advocacy group, Judicial Watch, as part of a lawsuit that the group brought under the Freedom of Information Act. The documents included 44 emails that were not among some 55, 000 pages of emails that Mrs. Clinton had previously given to the State Department, which she said represented all her “ ” emails. The document release centers on discussions between Mrs. Clinton’s aides and Clinton Foundation executives about a number of donors and associates with interests before the State Department. Tom Fitton, the president of Judicial Watch, charged that Mrs. Clinton “hid” the documents from the public because they appeared to contradict her official pledge in 2009 to remove herself from Clinton Foundation business while leading the State Department. The documents indicate, he said in a telephone interview, that “the State Department and the Clinton Foundation worked hand in hand in terms of policy and donor effort. ” “There was no daylight between the two under Mrs. Clinton, and this was contrary to her promises,” he added. A number of the email exchanges released Tuesday included Huma Abedin, who was a top adviser to Mrs. Clinton at the State Department and later worked at the Clinton Foundation. In April 2009, Douglas J. Band, who led the foundation’s Clinton Global Initiative, emailed Ms. Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills, another top adviser to Mrs. Clinton, for help with a donor. Mr. Band wrote that he needed to connect Gilbert Chagoury, a   billionaire who was one of the foundation’s top donors, with someone at the State Department to talk about his interests in Lebanon. “It’s jeff feltman,” Ms. Abedin answered, referring to Jeffrey Feltman, who was the American ambassador to Lebanon at the time. “I’m sure he knows him. I’ll talk to jeff. ” Mr. Band asked her to call Mr. Chagoury immediately if possible. “This is very important,” he wrote. In a separate email exchange, Mr. Band passed along to Ms. Abedin and Ms. Mills a request for “a favor” from an associate who had recently been on a Clinton Foundation trip to Haiti and was apparently seeking work at the State Department. The State Department deleted much of the information about the associate, including his name and the outcome of the job referral, in turning over the emails to Judicial Watch. In one undeleted section, however, Mr. Band wrote that it was “important to take care of” the associate’s request. A short time later, Ms. Abedin wrote back to say: “We all have him on our radar. Personnel has been sending him options. ” The Clinton campaign suggested that Mr. Band was acting in his capacity as former President Bill Clinton’s personal assistant, not in his role overseeing the Clinton Global Initiative. Regarding the exchanges between Mr. Band and Mrs. Clinton’s aides, the campaign said in a statement: “Neither of these emails involve the secretary or relate to the foundation’s work. They are communications between her aides and the president’s personal aide, and indeed the recommendation was for one of the secretary’s former staffers who was not employed by the foundation. ” The campaign did not elaborate. The F. B. I. spent more than a year examining Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email account, but it is not clear how the work of the Clinton Foundation figured into that investigation. James B. Comey Jr. the F. B. I. director, was noticeably circumspect in an appearance last month before the House oversight committee when Republicans questioned whether the investigation had looked at the Clinton Foundation. Twice, he declined to say.",0
10637,Iran Blames Iraq For Sandstorm That Crippled Power Grid,"TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  —   Iranian authorities are blaming neighboring Iraq for a sandstorm that knocked out power in a southern province and sparked protests against local officials. [Iranian state TV said Monday that Masoumeh Ebtekar, a vice president in charge of environmental affairs, has called on Iraq to implement an agreement to prevent dust storms by spreading mulch over 3, 500 sq. miles (9, 000 sq. kilometers) of desert.  Last week hundreds of people protested in the southern city of Ahvaz, demanding the resignation of Ebtekar and the provincial governor over power and water cuts resulting from the storm. Authorities have since banned protests over the issue. The sandstorm is still underway, but power and water have been restored.",0
10638,"LA College pays $28K Ransom to Free Student, Faculty Data","Los Angeles Valley College was the victim of a ransomware hacking attack that took down the campus’s website and email system on New Year’s Day until the school paid $28, 000 to free hostage data. [1, 900 students and faculty were locked out of their computers with the message: “You have 7 days to send us the BitCoin after 7 days we will remove your private keys and it’s impossible to recover your files,” according to the campus newspaper.  It took the college 72 hours of computer systems freezing up throughout the Valley Glen campus before college administrators caved and made the payment the day after school had reopened. But even after the criminals delivered a decryption “key” to unlock LAVC servers, it will take weeks to unlock every campus computer and try to assess damages. After social media reports began circulating about the details of the administration’s response, Los Angeles Community College District Chancellor Francisco C. Rodriguez, issued a statement on January 6, quoted by the Los Angeles Daily News: “In consultation with district and college leadership, outside cybersecurity experts and law enforcement, a payment of $28, 000 was made by the District   …    . It was the assessment of our outside cybersecurity experts that making a payment would offer an extremely high probability of restoring access to the affected systems, while failure to pay would virtually guarantee that data would be lost. ” The Global Risks 2015 report, published last January by the World Economic Forum (WEF) warned: “90 percent of companies worldwide recognize they are insufficiently prepared to protect themselves against [cyber attacks]. ” WEF lamented that a significant portion of   goes undetected, particularly industrial espionage where access to confidential documents and data is difficult to spot. Those crimes would move the needle on the   numbers much higher.   usually fall into two broad categories: breaches in data security, and sabotage. Personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, research and information relating to bids, mergers and prices are tempting targets for cyber thieves. Sabotage usually take the form of denial of service attacks, which flood web services with bogus messages, as well as efforts to disable systems and infrastructure. The law firm of White  Case warns that in addition to commercial losses and public relations problems, disruption of operations and the possibility of extortion, cyber attacks may also expose an organization to regulatory action, negligence claims, inability to meet contractual obligations, and a damaging loss of trust among customers and suppliers. British insurance company Lloyd’s has estimated that global   costs, which includes direct damage plus   disruption to the normal course of business, at $400 billion in 2015. Lloyd’s forecast that about 3, 000 companies in the United States had systems compromised by   cost had quadrupled since 2013. Juniper Networks expects that due to the rapid digitization of consumers’ lives and enterprise records, criminal   global costs will have quadrupled again to about $2. 1 trillion by 2019. Only about 60 percent of companies and large organizations believe they can retrieve all their own data from backup files in the event of a ransomware attack.",0
10639,Perils of Climate Change Could Swamp Coastal Real Estate - The New York Times,"MIAMI  —   Real estate agents looking to sell coastal properties usually focus on one thing: how close the home is to the water’s edge. But buyers are increasingly asking instead how far back it is from the waterline. How many feet above sea level? Is it fortified against storm surges? Does it have emergency power and sump pumps? Rising sea levels are changing the way people think about waterfront real estate. Though demand remains strong and developers continue to build near the water in many coastal cities, homeowners across the nation are slowly growing wary of buying property in areas most vulnerable to the effects of climate change. A warming planet has already forced a number of industries  —   coal, oil, agriculture and utilities among them  —   to account for potential future costs of a changed climate. The real estate industry, particularly along the vulnerable coastlines, is slowly awakening to the need to factor in the risks of catastrophic damage from climate change, including that wrought by rising seas and   flooding. But many economists say that this reckoning needs to happen much faster and that home buyers urgently need to be better informed. Some analysts say the economic impact of a collapse in the waterfront property market could surpass that of the bursting   and real estate bubbles of 2000 and 2008. The fallout would be felt by property owners, developers, real estate lenders and the financial institutions that bundle and resell mortgages. Over the past five years, home sales in   areas grew about 25 percent less quickly than in counties that do not typically flood, according to    data from Attom Data Solutions, the parent company of RealtyTrac. Many coastal residents are rethinking their investments and heading for safer ground. “I don’t see how this town is going to defeat the water,” said Brent Dixon, a resident of Miami Beach who plans to move north and away from the coast in anticipation of worsening king tides, the highest predicted tide of the year. “The water always wins. ” These concerns have taken on a new urgency since the presidential election of Donald J. Trump, who has long been a skeptic of global warming, claiming in 2012 that it was a concept “created by and for the Chinese in order to make U. S. manufacturing noncompetitive. ” A real estate developer, Mr. Trump is also the owner of several South Florida properties, including    a   site that stretches between the Atlantic Ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Beach. Mr. Trump’s recent  selection of Myron Ebell to lead his Environmental Protection Agency transition team intensified these worries in Florida and among many climate scientists. Mr. Ebell has helped lead the charge against the scientific consensus that global warming exists and is caused by people. State lawmakers in Massachusetts and New Jersey are pushing to impose new rules on real estate agents and others, obligating them to disclose   damage like previous flooding. Banks and insurers need to protect their collateral and investors more by improving their methods for estimating   risks and creating more standardized rules for reporting them publicly, economists warn. In April, Sean Becketti, the chief economist for Freddie Mac, the   mortgage giant, issued a dire prediction. It is only a matter of time, he wrote, before sea level rise and storm surges become so unbearable along the coast that people will leave, ditching their mortgages and potentially triggering another housing meltdown  —   except this time, it would be unlikely that these housing prices would ever recover. “Some residents will cash out early and suffer minimal losses,” he wrote. “Others will not be so lucky. ” Much of the uncertainty surrounding climate change focuses on the pace of the rise in sea levels. But some argue that this misses the point because property values will probably go under water long before the properties themselves do. What is often called “nuisance” flooding  —   inundation caused more by tides than weather  —   is already affecting property values. Often just a foot or two deep, this type of flooding can stop traffic, swamp basements, damage cars and contaminate groundwater. Florida has six of the 10 American urban centers most vulnerable to storm surge, according to a 2016 report from CoreLogic, a real estate data firm. Southeast Florida experiences about 10 tidal floods per year now. That number is likely to be around 240 floods per year by 2045, according to climate researchers. In the past year, home sales have increased 2. 6 percent nationally, but have dropped about 7. 6 percent in   flood zones in   County, according to housing data. Many coastal cities are taking steps toward mitigation, digging runoff tunnels, elevating roads and building detention ponds. James Murley,  ’s chief resilience officer, said it was important to avoid spooking the market since real estate investment produces much of the revenue that pays for these upgrades. This balancing act is especially important in Florida because the state and localities rely heavily on property and sales taxes for funding such projects. Florida is not alone. Forty percent of Americans live and work in coastal areas, and those who can afford it are protecting their investments by building private bulkheads and lifting their homes onto stilts. But skeptics question the logic of upgrading individual properties if the surrounding areas do not keep pace and flooding or the rise in sea levels swamps nearby roads. For many home buyers and owners, the cost of flood insurance  is a growing worry. As premiums rise, property values fall, a trend already hurting home prices in places like Atlantic City, Norfolk, Va. and St. Petersburg, Fla. according to local real estate agents. Roy and Carol Baker, who now live in Sarasota, Fla. recalled trying for several months to sell their home in nearby Siesta Key in 2014. Interested buyers kept backing out of the purchase when they found out that the annual flood insurance premium was roughly $7, 000, they said. This experience will become more common, economists say, as the federal government shifts away from subsidizing flood insurance rates to get premiums closer to reflecting the true market cost of the risk. As difficult as it is to predict the pace of climate change, modeling how it will affect the real estate market is even more complicated. Like a game of hot potato, builders, homeowners, banks, flood insurers and buyers of securitized mortgages try to hand off risky properties before getting burned. Developers erect houses and sell them typically within a couple of years, long before their investments depreciate. Banks earn commissions even on risky home loans before bundling these mortgages into securities and selling them to large pension funds, insurers or other buyers. Home buyers tend to think short term, focus on what they can afford and hope that the local infrastructure keeps pace with the rise in sea levels. Home buyers are also generally on their own as they look at prospective properties and try to size up their risk, as real estate agents vary in what they disclose. Most real estate agents say they try to tackle the issue   providing clients with maps indicating federally declared   flood zones, and using   preparedness as a selling point, emphasizing if the house has a backup generator or shingles that can withstand   winds. But real estate agents risk putting themselves at a competitive disadvantage by overstating threats. Good information is hard to come by. No one knows whether, when or by how much properties will depreciate, seas will encroach or flood insurance policies will change. Valerie Amor, a real estate agent in Fort Lauderdale, said that, unlike most in her industry, she does a feasibility study before she assists in either buying or selling property. “It should not be left as a moral or personal decision,” said Ms. Amor, adding that more disclosure should be mandatory. Norfolk is a city surrounded by water. In 2014, the Federal Emergency Management Agency expanded the area designated as highest risk for a flood in an update to regional maps, requiring thousands of new homeowners to have flood insurance. The real estate industry worried about the impact on the market. Lawmakers responded. The region around Norfolk has among the highest rates of annual sea level rise on the East Coast. Rising water and sinking land could push the relative sea level up in some parts by six feet by the end of the century, the United States Army Corps of Engineers estimates. Flood insurance in   to   areas nationally costs more than $200 a year, according to the National Flood Insurance Program, but for properties in flood zones, those rates could rise by as much as several thousand dollars. Virginia requires real estate agents to reveal whether a property is in a military airplane noise zone, has defective drywall or has ever been used to manufacture methamphetamine. After the flood maps were updated, the industry wondered what new disclosure rules would be mandated. Should homeowners or their agents be required to reveal to potential buyers if the house had been flooded? Should they have to tell how much flood insurance cost and was estimated to rise? Within a year, state lawmakers passed a real estate disclosure law that the industry hailed as a major step forward. “We are immensely satisfied,” Deborah Baisden, then president of the Virginia Association of Realtors, said of the law. While the law encourages home buyers to exert due diligence in investigating the risk of living in a flood hazard area, it also explicitly states that the seller of a home is not obligated to disclose whether the home is in a zone that FEMA regards as high risk. Some city officials said the law did not go far enough. “It’s a nondisclosure disclosure,” Meg Pittenger, an environmental manager for the city of Portsmouth, Va. told  a  reporter for The  . She added that it should have required sellers or agents to inform prospective buyers whether a property lies in a flood zone. Flood risks are easily overlooked because past flood damage often goes unreported and, as in Virginia, the burden of discovering it falls to the buyer. LexisNexis, a news and legal research company, can supply sellers a report with the history of flood claims on the property, but buyers usually do not know to ask for it. FEMA collects information on federal insurance claims for homes nationally, but the agency has been reluctant to make it public for privacy reasons. States and local real estate agents are handling disclosure differently. In Florida, real estate agents have to notify purchasers if a property is subject to natural hazards, but the law applies only to a limited area along the Florida coast and has no penalties for noncompliance. And in 2010 lawmakers stripped the requirement to disclose a property’s windstorm mitigation rating. California, Washington and Pennsylvania, on the other hand, require the disclosure of past flooding or susceptibility to future flooding. In New York, sellers are required to disclose whether a property sits in a flood plain. “It may be a matter of life and death,” said State Senator Stewart Greenleaf of Pennsylvania, who sponsored a state disclosure rule that became law this year. Some real estate agents around Boston have begun taking prospective buyers to newly repaired   sea walls built to protect homes from storm damage. They also have begun to encourage clients to increase the marketability of their properties by installing   technology, including steel beams and window flaps that allow water to flow in and out of a basement during a flood. Not everyone favors more disclosure, said Daren Blomquist, the senior vice president of communications at Attom Data Solutions, the real estate data tracking firm that serves brokers, lenders and insurers. After strong objections from real estate companies, which threatened to stop providing data, his firm took down its web page that integrated real estate listings with    information about the risks of floods, hurricanes, wildfires and other natural hazards. “The pressure was intense,” he said, adding that the company still provides this information on separate web pages. It is not just property owners, buyers and sellers who are struggling to estimate the potential financial impact of climate change on the real estate market. These risks compound as individual mortgages get bundled and sold as securities. In his April report, Mr. Becketti, the Freddie Mac economist, emphasized how difficult it was to predict whether the bubble in coastal real estate would slowly deflate or suddenly pop. “Will the value of the house decline gradually as the expected life of the house becomes shorter?” he wrote. “Or, alternatively, will the value of the house  —   and all the houses around it  —   plunge the first time a lender refuses to make a mortgage on a nearby house or an insurer refuses to issue a homeowner’s policy?” The real estate and mortgage markets have been slow to confront climate change, said Albert Slap, an environmental lawyer and the president of Coastal Risk Consulting, a company that advises communities on how to prepare for sea level rise. Most buyers of securities, for example, underestimate the risk in their portfolios by relying on FEMA flood maps, he said. Strictly backward looking, these maps are based on floods that have already occurred. To make matters worse, the National Flood Insurance Program is more than $20 billion in debt. After several major coastal storms, Congress tried to fix the program, passing a law in 2012 requiring that insurance premiums be recalculated to accurately reflect risk. Coastal homeowners rebelled, arguing that the legislation made insurance unaffordable, and in 2014 Congress repealed parts of the law. George Kasimos, a real estate expert in Toms River, N. J. said homeowners had good reason to react. “A homeowner may be approved for a $300, 000 mortgage with a $3, 000 a year flood insurance premium,” he said, but the same person’s loan application would most likely be rejected with a $10, 000 flood insurance premium. As insurance prices rise, some home purchases will become cash only, squeezing more   and   buyers out of the market. The North Carolina shore has been especially popular among baby boomers along the East Coast looking for an affordable retirement option. David Jacobs, 54, said he expected that his home  —   about 50 feet from the water in Wrightsville Beach, N. C.  —   will be washed away soon enough. “It pains me to think my children and grandchildren may not be able to enjoy it,” he said, adding that his flood insurance is now about $400 more per month than it was when he moved there in 2013. Economists have also called for reporting rules so securities investors would know what portion of their bundled mortgages includes high risk from climate change, like properties in coastal regions, river flood plains, flammable canyons and mountainsides, earthquake zones, tsunami washout zones and tornado alleys. “Coastal mortgages are growing into as big a bubble as the housing market of 2007,” said Philip Stoddard, the mayor of South Miami. But this time, he said, there will not be a rebound because the waters will not recede and properties will eventually lose all of their value. Politicians are more focused on keeping developers calm and reassuring people that technological solutions will save the day, he said, which plays into an expectation, especially among the wealthiest homeowners, that the government will bail them out if property values crash. Coastal homeowners are reluctant to leave. Robert Meyer, the   of the Risk Management and Decision Processes Center at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, has been using web surveys to assess the willingness of South Florida residents to pay higher taxes for   upgrades rather than move. “They show a remarkable willingness to stick it out,” Mr. Meyer said. His study found that by 2050 people would still be living in the riskiest areas and would have incrementally paid billions of dollars for adaptation measures. Despite the slowdown in home sales, many   cities are still growing. Skyscrapers and new apartment buildings are going up all around Fort Lauderdale. The local chamber of commerce says the city expects to add about 50, 000 people in the next 15 years and currently lacks housing to accommodate them. In Miami, much of the new construction consists of luxury condos aimed at a large number of cash buyers from Russia and Latin America. Nationally, median home prices in areas at high risk for flooding are still 4. 4 percent below what they were 10 years ago, while home prices in   areas are up 29. 7 percent over the same period, according to the housing data. Chris Bergh, the South Florida conservation director at the Nature Conservancy, said he was worried because his house on Big Pine Key was just over a   from the beach and only about five feet above sea level. “In planning for my    child’s future,” he said, “I can’t count on him inheriting a valuable piece of property on Big Pine Key. ”",0
10640,Arms Seized Off Coast of Yemen Appear to Have Been Made in Iran - The New York Times,"Photographs recently released by the Australian government show that light   weapons seized from a smuggling vessel near Yemen’s coast appear to have been manufactured in Iran, further suggesting that Tehran has had a hand in a   gunrunning operation to the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. The weapons, a selection of at least nine   grenade launchers, were among thousands of weapons seized by an Australian warship, the Darwin, in February from an Iranian dhow that was sailing under the name Samer. The photographs of the weapons, a sample of the much larger quantity of arms, were obtained by the Small Arms Survey, a   international research center, after a long   dispute with the Australian military. Iran has been repeatedly accused of providing arms helping to fuel one side of the war in Yemen, in which rebels from the country’s north, known as the Houthis, ousted the government from the capital, Sana, in 2014. The United States and other Western governments have provided vast quantities of weapons, and other forms of military support, to the embattled government and its allies in a coalition led by Saudi Arabia, contributing to violence that the United Nations said last year had caused more than 10, 000 civilian casualties. Matthew Schroeder, an analyst for the survey, said a study of the weapons’ characteristics and factory markings had showed that they match     grenade launchers previously documented in Iraq in 2008 and 2015, and in Ivory Coast in 2014 and 2015. That finding follows a report late last year by Conflict Armament Research, a private arms consultancy, that said the available evidence pointed to an apparent “weapon pipeline, extending from Iran to Somalia and Yemen, which involves the transfer, by dhow, of significant quantities of   weapons and weapons that plausibly derive from Iranian stockpiles. ” For years, Iran has been under a series of international sanctions prohibiting it from exporting arms. The United States has frequently claimed that Tehran has violated the sanctions in support of proxy forces in many conflicts, including in Iraq, Syria, Yemen and the Palestinian territories. The grenade launchers that were the subject of Mr. Schroeder’s analysis are the central component of a reusable weapon system commonly called  . They were among 81 launchers seized on the Samer by Australian sailors, part of a hidden cargo that included 1, 968 Kalashnikov assault rifles, 49 PK machine guns, 41 spare   barrels and 20   mortar tubes  —   enough weapons to arm a potent ground force. Although the evidence was not conclusive, Mr. Schroeder said, “the seizure appears to be yet another example of Iranian weapons being shipped abroad despite longstanding U. N. restrictions on arms transfers from Iran. ” With Iran observing three days of mourning following the death of Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, it was not possible to contact the government for comment. But on previous occasions, Iran has refused to respond to inquiries about the smuggling. The Samer episode was one of four interdictions of Iranian dhows from September 2015 through March 2016 that yielded, in total, more than 80 antitank guided missiles and 5, 000 Kalashnikov rifles as well as sniper rifles, machine guns and almost 300 RPG launchers, according to data provided by the United States Navy. In 2013, the Navy stopped another dhow off the Yemeni coast and found it to be carrying   antiaircraft missiles and launchers, rifle and   cartridges, C4 plastic explosives,   equipment and other military items. In an interview in Bahrain, Vice Adm. Kevin M. Donegan, the commander of the Navy’s Fifth Fleet, suggested that these seizures were part of a larger effort by Iran to move weapons to the Houthis. “Absolutely it’s not everything,” he said of the four seizures in 2015 and 2016. “These are the ones that I know of because we were able to interdict them. ” Admiral Donegan noted, however, that the captains operating the vessels are typically “   fishermen, smugglers they’re not necessarily working for the government” of Iran. He added that the evidence of Iran’s hand in the shipments, while strong, was not ironclad. This echoed the report by Conflict Armament Research, which said that antitank weapons apparently seized in Yemen have matched lot numbers for the same class of weapons seized on Iranian dhows but stopped short of claiming to have clear proof of an Iranian government hand. The consultancy also documented weapons manufactured by China, Russia, Romania, Bulgaria and perhaps in North Korea in seizures from the dhows. The consultancy also did not suggest that the evidence indicated a direct handoff of weapons from the dhows to Houthi forces. Rather, it said, the weapons appear to be offloaded in Somalia and transferred to smaller vessels for smuggling into southern Yemen. Weapons from Iranian dhows would not be alone in reaching the conflict, which has been fueled in part by extensive arms transfers by outside governments. Western governments, including those of the United States, Britain and Canada, have provided billions of dollars worth of weapons and military equipment, as well as intelligence and logistics support, to the   coalition, which has been waging an extensive bombing campaign against the Houthis. Among the   weapons have been   guided bombs and cluster munitions, both of which have been linked by human rights groups and journalists to attacks on Yemeni factories and civilian deaths.",0
10641,12 Austrian Schools Evacuated Over Radioactive Rock,"12 Austrian Schools Evacuated Over Radioactive Rock None of the schools realized the danger Image Credits: Marcin Wichary/Flickr . 
Twelve schools have been evacuated after a lump of uranium was found in a science classroom sparking nuclear terror. 
The discovery was made when antinuclear campaigner Thomas Neff was giving a lecture to pupils about an old wristwatch from the 1960s with a radium dial. 
The numerals on the watch contain the material to help them to glow in the dark and were created when little was known about the damage caused by radiation.",0
10642,Colorado Cannabis Industry Contributes More to Economy Than All Other Industries,". Colorado Cannabis Industry Contributes More to Economy Than All Other Industries The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-de... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/colorado-cannabis-industry-contributes.html The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-depth data analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group. Using a new “Marijuana Impact Model” they say is the first to “accurately characterize how this industry impacts the overall state economy,” the researchers confirmed the astounding positive impact that legalization has brought upon Colorado. Legal cannabis activities generated an output of $2.39 billion in 2015, with almost $1 billion in sales for the year. The sales represent a 42.4 percent increase from the previous year, translating into a staggering 112 metric tons of buds and 132 metric tons of “flower-equivalent” products (edibles, concentrates, etc.).Cannabis now ranks number six in terms of product sales, following closely behind cigarette sales. It beats gold mining by a large margin, and even performing arts and sports venues as well as all non-grain crop farming. However, the real impact is seen when put in terms of “output and employment per dollar spent,” where spending in the cannabis industry outperforms all private industries in Colorado – including coal and other mining, oil and gas, casinos, business services, general manufacturing and retail trade (incl. alcohol). Each dollar spent on retail cannabis generates $2.40 in state output, while cannabis manufacturing follows with $2.34 and cannabis cultivation comes in at a close $2.13. Combining the three, cannabis is generating far more than any other entity, including federal government spending. Much of this has to do with the fact that the Colorado cannabis industry operates almost entirely within the state, due to continuing prohibition in other states. George Jung, the Biggest Marijuana Dealer of the 60s: "" Marijuana was accepted and almost legalized "" There is equally impressive news in the jobs sector, where legal cannabis created more than 18,000 jobs in a year . “Legalization of marijuana created 18,005 fulltime equivalent (FTE) jobs in 2015. Among those jobs, 12,591 were employees directly involved with the marijuana business — either in stores and dispensaries, cultivations, or infused product manufacturing operations. “The remaining 5,414 full-time equivalent positions were generated by intermediate input purchases made by the cannabis industry for general business goods and services, and through general spending by marijuana industry employees and proprietors.” Security guards comprise a significant portion of these indirect jobs, due in large part to the fact that the industry is still being forced to operate on a cash basis — because of asinine banking prohibitions by the federal government and the Federal Reserve . This isn’t stopping entrepreneurs and other productive individuals from taking advantage of the new, wildly popular market. Legal cannabis is having profound effects in many other industries, including commercial real estate, construction, and a raft of business services. The cannabis industry itself is growing at a faster pace than any other sector, at an astonishing 42.4 percent. Colorado’s general economic growth is at 3.5 percent and the U.S. average is 1.75 percent. The growth analysis found a very interesting result that supports a primary argument for ending prohibition. 36.2 percent of the economic growth was the result of the disappearance of the black market . When people are free to indulge in the personal behavior of ingesting a substance – as they can with alcohol – they will naturally choose to do so through the legal market, even if it means having to pay exorbitant taxes. And Colorado is gladly raking in this tax revenue. “In 2015, marijuana taxes were the second largest revenue source among excise products in the state (e.g., tobacco, alcohol, and gaming). “Combined marijuana excise and sales tax revenues were $63.4 million in 2014, and $121.2 million in 2015. 5 For 2015, they were 14 percent larger than casino/gaming revenues, 6 about 5 percent less than lottery revenues, and almost three times larger than alcohol revenues.” The huge increase in tax revenue is primarily caused by the rapid increase in recreational use sales since legalization in 2014, and the fact that recreational products are taxed at a much higher rate than medical cannabis products. Interestingly, the report noted that a significant portion of the cannabis industry growth is coming from visitors who go to Colorado on cannabis vacations, rather than some other reason like skiing or hiking. “This visitor demand segment is poised to grow from 14 metric tons in 2015, to 55.1 metric tons by 2020, based upon these new, sole-purpose visitors choosing Colorado as a marijuana destination.” If there is one negative aspect to the report, it is that small cannabusinesses are struggling to stay alive as the industry becomes dominated by larger companies. While some of this is the natural result of competition, it appears that many of them are being regulated out of business by the state. “Private industry owners purport that consolidation is not being caused purely by price competition, but instead by high compliance costs. “For example, the owner of one of Colorado’s largest retailers recently stated that many small operations are unable to properly comply with the state’s complex regulations, leading them to exit the market.” There lies the hidden barb of legalization. There’s no question that ending prohibition is the right thing to do, but government tends to place needless, cumbersome burdens on free enterprise which favors larger conglomerates and smothers the little guy. This ultimately leads to less competition and the tendency for monopolies to develop, which makes it easier for government to siphon their taxes. All in all, though, the analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group is heartening, and it shows other states how incredibly beneficial it is when people regain freedom and a new market is born. The report is especially timely, as nine states will be voting in less than a week to expand legal access to cannabis through recreational and medicinal means. By Justin Gardner  ",0
10643,"Scarborough: Trump Must Come Out With a Statement He Opposes Assassinating Journalists, Rivals - Breitbart","Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough reacted to President Donald Trump’s interview a night earlier with Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly prior to the kickoff of Super Bowl LI.  In that interview, Trump was reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin and for that Scarborough insisted that Trump must come out publicly and state that he opposes assassinating journalists and political rivals, as Putin has been accused of doing in the past. “If Donald Trump keeps being asked to criticize Vladimir Putin for assassinating journalists and Donald Trump refuses to criticize Vladimir Putin for assassinating journalists and say, ‘Well, we do it too,’ in a sense, does that suggest he thinks it’s OK to assassinate journalists?” Scarborough said. “Does that suggest he thinks it’s OK to jail political opponents? To assassinate political opponents? If you don’t condemn, after being repeatedly asked to condemn these actions, at some point you go back to the ‘he who does not deny admits’ story.  And it suggested he does. I suggest somebody at the White House get him to write a statement  —   a very strong statement letting the world know that he condemns the assassination of journalists and political rivals because he suggests in the two interviews with O’Reilly and us that he does not. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
10644,Which States Don't Have Mexicans?,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Dear Mexican: ¿ Por que no hay un pinche líder entre nosotros o de nosotros los mexicanos? Para que tuviera los tanates bien puestos y hablara frente al congreso y les dijera sus verdades a los hipócritas políticos. ¿Será que “nuestros lideres” son unos miedosos o vendidos? No hay uno solo (solo el Chapulín Colorado) que nos defienda, tanta humillación que han tenido los negros, siempre de sirvientes o mozos, pandilleros y drogadictos (en Hollywood) y nadie protesta y salen con que Memín Penguin es ofensivo, otra de esas y nos subimos el cierre, ¿eh? En serio , “Ask a Mexican” , ¿Como podría yo hablar delante del congreso, local, estatal o federal? ¿Sería mucho pedir? 
Pónganse las Pilas, Putos 
Dear Readers: For those of you who still don’t habla —and if you don’t habla , ¿ que chingado estas esperando ?— the writer asked where’s the Mexican leader who’ll take us into the Promised Land of American acceptance, then couldn’t help but to attack blacks while he had my attention. Ya cállate con los “pinche negros,” pendejo . And Mexicans did have a messiah who saved us all—his name was Juan Gabriel, and he recently died. 
Are there any states in which Mexicans are not yet a majority? 
Gabacho Really Wants to Know 
Dear Gabacho: Bruh, the Reconquista ain’t that advanced—yet. New Mexico has the highest percentage of Latinos at 47 percent of its total population, but most of them don’t even consider themselves Mexican. The next-highest states are California and Texas, with 38.2 percent of their respective populations Latino per the U.S. Census, although Texas has the higher percentage of Mexicans in that group because of all the South Americans and Central Americans in California. And the state with the lowest Latino percentage of its people? West Virgina, at 1.3 percent. Raza : don’t be scared, and move to the Mountain State. Don’t forget that hillbillies are just brothers from a different madre . 

Forgive me for not using neat-sounding Spanish words in this email; my Spanish is rusty, and it’s late. While I plan to learn it again, I’m getting ahead of myself. Reading through the archives of your column, it seems that you have forgotten, or chosen to ignore, those gabachos who actually do not hate the Mexicans. Take me for example. While this email is relatively devoid of Spanish phrases, I love the Spanish language. I studied it in high school, and wholly intend to learn it again, probably next semester. I love Mexican food, and I mean the real stuff (although I do enjoy Taco Bell as well). My high school was relatively small, and we had a lady come in to tutor the few of us who cared to learn Spanish. While she had lived here quite awhile, she had not assimilated into America . She cooked for us one day, and that started my love for authentic Mexican food. She also instilled in me a fascination for Mexican culture. I even would go so far as to say that I would support an amnesty program: Mexicans will always be here, so why not make them legal? If they’re not gonna do it the legal way, then we might as well throw in the towel. I wrote all this to simply remind you that not all Americans hate Mexicans: quite the contrary. Some of us love them! 
Too Tired to Think Up an Interesting Pen Name, or Any Interesting Questions 
Dear Gabachos: While I appreciate you and other gabachos who stand by Mexicans, be careful with your words: Trump just might deport you to if he wins. Oh, and #fucktrump 
Ask the Mexican at themexican@askamexican.net, be his fan on Facebook, follow him on Twitter @gustavoarellano or follow him on Instagram @gustavo_arellano!",0
10645,McCain Pledges to Help Pentagon Fix Scandal Over Excessive Military Bonuses,"Get short URL 0 18 0 0 Officials responsible for overpaying re-enlistment bonuses to soldiers a decade ago and officials who ordered those bonuses repaid earlier this month need to be held responsible, US Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said in a statement. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Members of the National Guard in the US state of California were paid excessive bonuses at the height of conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan and were ordered to repay those bonuses earlier this month after an audit discovered the overpayments. ""That is why I will work together with the Department of Defense and my colleagues in the Senate to explore all options available to hold those responsible for this unacceptable situation accountable and to ensure this never happens again,"" McCain stated on Wednesday. 
McCain called a Defense Department decision to suspend collection of the payments ""a long overdue first step."" 
However, he added that thousands of service members and their families, whose lives have been disrupted through no fault of their own, are still waiting for certainty that the problem will be fixed. 
The Defense Department said earlier on Wednesday that about 2,000 soldiers are affected and that it will set up a system to review each case before any efforts to collect money resume. ...",0
10646,Politicians Will Feel the Heat From Rising Temperatures,"Politicians Will Feel the Heat From Rising Temperatures Posted on Nov 4, 2016 
By Kieran Cooke / Climate News Network New research shows that the hotter it gets, the quicker the pace of political change. (Gabor Dvornik via Flickr) 
LONDON—Voters who feel good about life—whether it is to do with their job, their marriage or even the success of their sports team—are more likely to support their politicians. On the other hand, those who are disgruntled and fed up are more prone to want a change of political leadership. That, at least, is the received wisdom of political pundits. Rising temperatures New research indicates that, in future, climate change—and specifically rising temperatures—could also be a key factor in undermining and determining political longevity. The hotter it gets, the theory goes, the quicker the pace of political change. 
Nick Obradovich, a researcher at Harvard University in the US, has conducted what is described as the first ever investigation into the relationship between temperature, electoral returns and future climate change. 
In a study published in the journal Climatic Change , Obradovich sets out to substantiate the idea that climate change, by threatening feelings of wellbeing, will lead to a quicker turnover of politicians and political parties. There is no doubting the thoroughness of his research: altogether, Obradovich analysed more than 1.5 billion votes cast in nearly 5,000 elections in 19 countries ranging from Argentina to Zambia between 1925 and 2011. This data was then set alongside meteorological records. The analysis indicates, says Obradovich, that “warmer than normal temperatures in the year prior to an election produce lower vote shares for parties already in power, driving quicker rates of political turnover”. “ Warmer than normal temperatures in the year prior to an election produce lower vote shares for parties already in power, quicker rates of political turnover” The study also finds that voter disgruntlement is more pronounced in warmer countries where average annual temperatures are above 21°C . “In these warmer places, voter support shrinks by nine percentage points from one election to the next, relative to office bearers in cooler electoral districts,” the study finds. Countries lacking historical electoral data—including those in sub-Saharan Africa already feeling the impact of climate change—were not included in the research. Obradovich also uses climate models to predict future voter behaviour, suggesting that the pace of political change in many countries between now and the end of the century is likely to considerably speed up. “Climate change may increase the frequency of democratic turnover most in warmer, poorer nations,” says the study. Fickle electorates Global warming is a complex problem that can only be tackled through international agreement and long-term planning. Obradovich says that faced with ever more fickle electorates, politicians in future will be tempted to focus on short-term policies instead of adopting longer-term strategies. This could not only hamper the fight against climate change but also cause economic and political upheaval. “Turnover in nations with weak democratic institutions can up-end political stability—if incumbents in weak democracies foresee a greater risk of losing office, they sometimes employ electoral fraud and pre-electoral violence to maintain power,” says Obradovich. “If these methods fail, incumbents’ loss occasionally precipitates post-electoral violence that can in turn induce broader civil conflict.” 
Kieran Cooke, a founding editor of Climate News Network, is a former foreign correspondent for the BBC and Financial Times. He now focuses on environmental issues 
Advertisement",0
10647,It Was The Devil vs. The Loch Ness Monster,"Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy admin 
And the Devil lost. 
The “Deplorables” came out and voted against HRC. They didn’t vote for Trump. They voted against the corrupt DC/Wall Street Establishment and against the Democratic National Committee criminal enterprise. The Dems could have put just about anyone else up against Trump and won. 
We knew what we were getting with Hillary Clinton: the reincarnation of Al Capone. We don’t know what we’ll get with Trump. But can it be any worse than what we’ve had for the last 16 years? A Clinton victory would have sealed that fate. At least with Trump there’s some small chance that the forces at work destroying the U.S. middle class will be halted. 
Unfortunately the mainstream media was successful at smearing Trump and building a false narrative about Hillary Clinton. But Americans vote with their wallet and the fact that Trump won Wisconsin – the first time in 32 years that State voted for the Republican candidate – and the fact that Trump took most of the Rust Belt States reflects a middle class that is far worse off now than it was 8 years ago. And Hillary was correctly perceived as the candidate who was going to perpetuate the policies that are destroying this country. 
The truth is that not much will change under Trump. The U.S. is enveloped in a systemic collapse – financial, economic, social and political – that is an inevitability regardless of who or which party occupies the Oval Office. 
The United States has operated like a giant Ponzi scheme for several decades – a Ponzi scheme fueled by debt, fraud and overt corruption. When a Ponzi scheme fails nothing can stop its collapse. The U.S. has crossed that Rubicon – but long before the Loch Ness Monster defeated the Devil. Share this:",0
10648,How ’Art of the Deal’ Explains the Obamacare Replacement Debate,"This week, Republicans unveiled the American Health Care Act, the bill written by Congress, and adopted by President Donald Trump, to replace Obamacare (without quite repealing it). [The rollout has been less than stunning. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) made a valiant effort, and the White House is backing him. Yet conservatives in both the House and Senate rejected the bill, Democrats want nothing to do with it, and it looks doomed to fail  —   if it even comes to a vote.  On the surface, this is a big potential failure for the young Trump presidency. But with the Trump White House, as with the campaign, there is always a certain amount of chaos that is deliberate (though Trump, quite deliberately, never indicates how much). In this case, the   debacle allows the president to improve his leverage over all of the other policymakers: the Republican leadership, the conservative caucus, and the Democratic Party. (Perhaps they just don’t know it yet.) The Republican leadership will be the most severely chastened. They had six years to devise an alternative to the   Affordable Care Act, and came up with a plan that, surprisingly, falls well short of full repeal, while frightening voters who worry about losing their current (albeit expensive, limited, and widely disliked) health insurance plans. President Trump has shown them he is willing to suffer for supporting them. But he has also proved to them their plans are political  . The House Freedom Caucus, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) and other conservatives are happy to see the Speaker’s bill struggle. But Trump has put them on notice, declaring that he will not back their own plans, and that the only alternative is to let Obamacare fail  —   with major consequences for the 2018 midterms. (More voters will blame Congress than Obama, fairly or unfairly.) Conservatives do have a unique opportunity to push their own ideas  —   but they know they must agree to something. Democrats, meanwhile are bemused by the fact that Obamacare is proving so hard to repeal (not because it works  —   if it did, Hillary Clinton would have won  —   but because of the poison political pills Pelosi planted in it). But the fact is that Democrats have 25 Senate seats up for   in 2018, of which ten are in states Trump won. Unless they can vote for a successful replacement for Obamacare, they will be in far more danger than the conservative holdouts. This week has rattled them, too. In The Art of the Deal  —   which liberals ought to study as carefully as conservatives studied Saul Alinsky’s Rules for Radicals if they want to begin to understand a president they have only demonized and caricatured thus far  —   Trump explains that one of his core negotiating principles is: “Protect the Downside and the Upside Will Take Care of Itself. ” Today, the upside is obvious, but extremely elusive: a replacement for Obamacare that does not create new headaches for millions of patients. The downside is failure  —   either no deal, or a deal that hurts enough people to create a new opposition constituency. President Trump has used the launch, and decline, of the American Health Care Act to highlight the downside  —   and take some wind out of the sails of the politicians and policy wonks who convinced themselves they had all the answers. As the bill falters, the next, inevitable step will be for nervous Republican leaders to ask Trump to offer a new plan. And that plan will be more of a classic Trump bargain  —   one that does what Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama refused to do: namely, bring all of the stakeholders together, including doctors and patients, to hash out something everyone can accept. The final flourish will be incorporating the changes as amendments to the American Health Care Act, so Trump can claim to have kept his word, while also allowing Congress to save face. Do not be fooled by the bill’s early troubles. Another principle in Art of the Deal is: “Deliver the Goods. ” Watch. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
10649,"Raiders Leaving Oakland Again, This Time for Las Vegas - The New York Times","The N. F. L. gave its approval on Monday for the Oakland Raiders to move to Las Vegas, casting aside decades of fears that putting a team in the gambling capital would corrupt the sport, while sending the team to a new and growing market but one that is far smaller. The team owners, meeting in Phoenix, voted overwhelmingly,   persuaded that having a team in Las Vegas would allow the league to capitalize on the city’s booming tourist trade and image of excitement, and on its willingness to contribute hundreds of millions of dollars toward the construction of a new stadium. For years, major leagues steered clear of Las Vegas because some owners worried that putting a team there would lead more players and referees to rub elbows with unsavory characters from the gambling world trying to influence games. But such attitudes have faded with the growth and acceptance of gambling around the country, and with the city’s reduced reliance on revenue from its many casinos. The N. H. L. agreed last year to create a team in Las Vegas, the Golden Knights, that will begin play this year. The Raiders, known for a passionate fan base that delights in a   image, are likely to begin playing in Las Vegas as soon as 2019, in temporary quarters, with the lease at their current stadium expiring after the 2018 season. In 2020, they are expected to move into a nearly $2 billion stadium, with $750 million in public financing, an arrangement that helped attract the league’s interest. The rest of the money was expected to come from a $600 million loan from Bank of America to the team, $200 million from the league and revenue from naming rights and other deals. “We know that some fans will be disappointed and even angry,” said Mark Davis, the Raiders’ principal owner. “But we hope they do not direct that frustration to the players, coaches and staff. ” Libby Schaaf, the mayor of Oakland, said that losing the team would tear at the city’s psyche and pride, and that the league would regret its decision. “The Raider nation is the last of the       fan bases, and it absolutely breaks my heart to lose this team,” she said. The team will become the first to leave its home city, return and then leave again. The Raiders are also the third N. F. L. team to move, or announce a move, in a little more than a year, ending a period of turmoil in which the owners agreed to abandon longtime N. F. L. cities that were unable to appease the owners’ desire for bigger markets and more public financing for new stadiums. Last year, the Rams left St. Louis for Los Angeles, and then the Chargers announced that they would leave San Diego to move in with the Rams, starting in the fall. Davis said repeatedly that he was frustrated with the efforts by lawmakers in California to replace the team’s current home,   County Coliseum, one of the oldest stadiums in the league. Unlike the Rams and the Chargers, who left immediately for their new homes, the Raiders will remain in Oakland for at least two more seasons while their new home is built, creating the specter of awkward   seasons. Davis said the team would continue to be called the Oakland Raiders during that time. Only Stephen M. Ross, the owner of the Miami Dolphins, voted against the deal. He said in a statement after the vote that not all the options to stay in Oakland had been exhausted. Other owners voted reluctantly for the move because, they said, the league would be leaving the   television market in the country for the  . Oakland is also in the booming San Francisco Bay Area, home to some of the wealthiest fans and sponsors in the country. Las Vegas is recovering from one of the most brutal recessions in its history. Unemployment in Clark County, Nev. was 5. 1 percent in January, compared with 14. 1 percent in 2010. A region that was once the face of the foreclosure crisis is turning around, economists say. Las Vegas, which long led the nation in foreclosures, was ranked No. 22 in February, according to Attom Data Solutions, a housing tracker. The median price of a house in the Las Vegas region was $199, 000 in January, a nearly 5 percent jump over the year before, still a far cry from the booming housing market in Oakland. And revenue from gambling  —   a key marker for tracking the health of the economy  —   increased 2. 7 percent statewide compared with six months ago, according to the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas. The league owners preferred the certainty of a substantial amount of tax dollars for a stadium over uncertain prospects for the team in Oakland, where Ms. Schaaf said often that her city could not afford to pay for the construction of a new stadium. She suggested it could provide the land and infrastructure improvements, and said she was working with Fortress Investments to secure construction financing. Yet in a letter he sent to the mayor last week, Commissioner Roger Goodell said that was not enough, all but sealing the team’s fate. While the league’s stance on Las Vegas has softened, it continues to uphold rules that prevent owners from holding stakes in gambling operations. That was a big reason that Davis ended his dalliance with Sheldon Adelson, the chairman of the Las Vegas Sands Corp. who offered to pay for part of a new stadium in Las Vegas. The Raiders will be the second major team to go to Las Vegas, after the N. H. L. team, and there has been talk of Major League Baseball, M. L. S. and the N. B. A. moving to Las Vegas as well. The moves by the Rams, the Chargers and the Raiders ended a long period of relative stability. They were the first franchises to move in the league since the   when the Browns moved to Baltimore, the Rams to St. Louis and the Oilers to Tennessee. The decision to let the teams move has been wrenching and filled with vitriol. Lawmakers in St. Louis approved funding for a new stadium for the Rams, yet the N. F. L. owners rejected their efforts in favor of a proposal by the Rams’ owner, E. Stanley Kroenke, to pay for a $2. 6 billion stadium in Inglewood, Calif. south of downtown Los Angeles. After trying for years to get a new stadium in San Diego, the Chargers applied to move to Los Angeles in 2015. When the owners chose the Rams instead, the Chargers did an   and backed a referendum that would have provided hundreds of millions of dollars for a stadium in downtown San Diego. Voters soundly rejected the proposal. The Raiders, though, have a much wider following, in Oakland and across the nation. The team got its start as a charter member of the American Football League in 1960, then went to the N. F. L. when the leagues merged in 1970. After two Super Bowl victories in Oakland, the team owner Al Davis defied the other owners and moved to Los Angeles for the 1982 season, only to return to Oakland in 1995 after the city agreed to expand the Coliseum for him. The team’s tough image delighted the port city’s   fans, who earned a reputation for tormenting visiting players. Fans sitting in the “Black Hole,” a cheering section near the field, perpetuated the team’s menacing reputation. But as team after team moved into new stadiums over the last decade, and as the teams’ valuations soared, Mark Davis, who took over ownership when Al Davis died in 2011, started to complain openly about his team’s stadium. The team is the only one in the league that shares a building with a baseball team, the Oakland A’s, and the Raiders are among the teams that generate the least amount of revenue from their home games, lacking the fancy suites and epicurean dining options that other stadiums have. Yet fans continue to flock to their games, including last season, when the team was   and, after 13 seasons without a playoff appearance, made the   game, in which it lost to the Texans. Now it is Oakland that will be losing the Raiders. Again.",0
10650,Woman Facing Jail For Giving Water To Thirsty Pigs,"Contact Us Woman Facing Jail For Giving Water To Thirsty Pigs Pigs have been known to courageously jump into water to rescue drowning children., but this woman is facing jail for giving water to pigs that were in ""sever distress""   , World // 0 Comments 
Giving water to thirsty pigs on a hot day can now lead to jail time, as has been proven by a Toronto woman who is on trial and facing sentencing for doing just that. 
Anita Kranjc tells her story : 
On a scorching hot day in June 2015, I gave water to thirsty pigs on board a transport truck headed for the slaughterhouse. As the (now famous) video of the incident shows, the driver jumped out of the cab, telling me to stop. I replied with a reference to the Bible: “Jesus said, ‘If [they] are thirsty, give them water.’” 
The driver shouted back, “These are not humans, you dumb frickin’ broad!” 
He called the police, and now I’m on trial in a Canadian court for criminal mischief. 
When someone is suffering, I believe it is wrong to look the other away. It doesn’t matter if the sufferer has two legs or four or asks for help in words we can understand or with body language that is just as easy to comprehend. Leo Tolstoy, an ethical vegetarian and one of my inspirations, wrote, “[W]e should take pity on animals in the same way as we do on each other. And we all know this, if we do not deaden the voice of our conscience inside us.” 
The pigs I was trying to help on that fateful day were undoubtedly suffering. Crammed into a transport truck on a sweltering day, these helpless animals – covered with their own excrement, being crushed together and slowly suffocating from heat – stared at me through the trailer’s metal slats with their pleading eyes. As Dr Armaiti May, a veterinary expert, testified during my trial, some of the pigs were foaming at the mouth and in “severe distress”, appearing to breathe as quickly as 180 breaths per minute. 
I think we have not only a right but also a duty to help suffering animals. Toronto Pig Save , the group that I helped start with my dog Mr Bean in 2010, has continued to give water to thirsty pigs to this day. Our approach is to collectively bear witness to ill-fated animals at the end of their miserable lives and hold weekly vigils outside slaughterhouses. 
A slaughterhouse might seem like the last place that animal lovers would want to be, but for us – as for the Quakers, Greenpeace and similar groups – bearing witness is about being present at sites of great injustice. Our personal contact puts a face on the nameless numbers, to borrow from Charles Dickens, and helps people see animal victims as unique individuals who want to live. 
There’s little doubt in my mind that if those were dogs in distress in that truck instead of pigs, my actions would be applauded and it would be the driver facing charges instead. This double standard should have everyone questioning the ethics of the meat, dairy and egg industry, our legal system and our food choices. Like dogs, pigs are friendly, loyal and sensitive animals who have a strong sense of self and intelligence. They are playful and affectionate: they love to snuggle. They feel love and joy, but also pain and fear. They possess protective feelings for their families and friends. Pigs have been known to courageously jump into water to rescue drowning children. 
In Esther the Wonder Pig, a New York Times bestseller , Esther’s human dads attest to the porcine internet star’s big personality, her keen intelligence and her sense of humor. Our laws need to be changed to reflect this: all animals should be treated as thinking, feeling individuals under the law, because that is what they are. They are not property, nor cogs in the machine, with numbered tags slapped on their ears. 
Humans need to recognize that we are also animals and that we are all interconnected. We are like animals in all the ways that matter – we feel pain, we suffer, we grieve, we are afraid of being killed and we get thirsty on a hot day. By showing people this, we hope we will reach their hearts so they will feel what animals feel. Then finally we will be able to end the horrific suffering at farms and slaughterhouses and shift towards a nonviolent plant-based economy. 
We are all in this together, humans and pigs. I am, quite literally, because I am facing jail time for giving pigs some small comfort in their final moments. My trial resumes 1 November. The cruelty inflicted on pigs at animal farms and slaughterhouses touches all of us, by harming animals, by polluting the environment, by harming our health and our conscience when we consume the products of this suffering. By bearing witness to animals in distress, we discover the unity of life.",0
10651,L.A. Gay Pride Parade to Be Replaced by Anti-Trump March - Breitbart,"The organizers of the annual Los Angeles gay pride have announced that this year’s march will be replaced by a protest against President Donald Trump. [Local West Hollywood news outlet wehoville. com revealed late last that “the annual pride parade has been canceled, ceding to the nationwide LGBT Resist March that is scheduled in many U. S. cities for Sunday, June 11, the day the Los Angeles pride parade would normally occur. ”  There will still be a smaller “Pride Festival,” which will be smaller than usual for   reasons: West Hollywood Park, the traditional venue for the event, will be under renovation. In a press statement, Christopher Street West, the organization that stages L. A. Pride Parade and Festival, said: “Given the current political climate where divisiveness and discrimination continue to be part of mainstream dialogue, CSW is determined to make the LA Pride brand a unifying force for the LGBTQ+ community and its allies across all of Los Angeles. ” West Hollywood’s culture of tolerance, however, has been tested by the rise of Donald Trump. Though Trump has been quite sympathetic to gay rights, and has inspired a vocal group of gay supporters, he has been rejected by gay activists inclined to regard any Republican as a potential threat, and hostile to the notion of states’ rights on issues they consider fundamental. A local official tried to ban Trump from West Hollywood last year, and a woman assaulted a Trump supporter in a local restaurant. There are “a   to a   people expected to participate in the march,” wehoville. com reports. LAist. com adds that some gay rights activists are excited about politicizing the parade. It quotes organizer Brian Pendleton, via Queerty:  “We want to resist apathy. We want to resist having our rights rolled back by an unenlightened administration. And we want to be  . We want to make sure that it’s everyone in the rainbow spectrum out there being represented. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
10652,Changing The Lives Of African Girls Starts With Just Giving Them Bikes,"Bicycles are often taken for granted in the U.S., as even some of the poorest people in the nation often own bikes and use them regularly to commute to work. In countries like Africa, however, bikes... ",0
10653,Canada’s Gay Curling Leagues Take Pride on Ice - The New York Times,"VANCOUVER, British Columbia  —   It happens all the time: Young gay people leave their small towns and head to the big city, where they can find love, acceptance and, in Canada at least, a curling league to call their own. Yes, the winter sport that involves ice, round rocks and a good deal of sweeping has a passionate following among those who have come out of the closet, taking their brooms with them. They are men like Brock Endean, 27, the scion of national curling champions who grew up playing the sport in the rural British Columbia village of Chase, population 2, 500. “When I walked down the street, I was the entire gay pride parade,” said Mr. Endean, a consultant. After moving to Vancouver, he joined the gay Pacific Rim Curling League, which this year marched in the Vancouver gay pride parade, carrying brooms and wearing shirts that proclaimed, “I swept with your husband. ” Canada has for decades been at the forefront of gay rights, legalizing homosexual activity, openly gay military service and   marriage long before the United States and other Western democracies did. This summer, Justin Trudeau became the first sitting Canadian prime minister to march in a gay pride parade. Gay curling leagues have blossomed in recent decades, highlighting a distinctly Canadian aspect of modern gay life. The country’s oldest gay curling league, Rotators, was started in Toronto in 1962 and went publicly gay six years later. Its founders were largely men who worked as train porters. “They were the flight attendants of the railway,” said Murray Leaning, the president of Rotators and Riverdale, the nation’s largest gay curling league, comprising 56 teams. Canada has 12  gay curling leagues with hundreds of   teams. The leagues take a communal pastime beloved for its traditions of friendly competition and drinking and add campy humor and flamboyantly themed tournaments, or “bonspiels” in curling lingo. Among the teams in the Pacific Rim league are Don’t Curl for Me Argentina, Sweeping Beauties, Fruit of the Broom and Curls Gone Wild. During one recreational tournament, players dressed as Disney villainesses and as the sartorial embodiment of a “Sound of Music” lyric: girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes. In Winnipeg, Manitoba, players have dressed as characters from “The Golden Girls” and “The Wizard of Oz. ” This year, the Riverdale tournament had a “shipwrecked” theme. “There were an awful lot of slutty sailor outfits,” Mr. Leaning said. The Pacific Rim league, founded in 1983, plays on Sunday afternoons at a Vancouver facility where the 2010 Olympic curling events were held. In curling, teams of four take turns pushing   stones across the ice toward a target of concentric circles, aiming for the bull’  known as the button. One player, the lead, thrusts a stone, and then two   teammates sweep the ice in front in a frenzy while the skip shouts directions. On a recent weekend, the leads glided gracefully across the ice with one leg extended behind, looking like winterized flamingos. The air resounded with the squeaks of frantic sweeping and the crack of colliding rocks. In the lounge overlooking the ice, opposing teams sat together drinking beer and greeting their fellow players with a “hello, darling. ” Brought to Canada by Scottish immigrants, the sport has long been part of communal life, particularly in the frigid prairie provinces. At one curling facility in Winnipeg, a phone on the ice connects directly to the bar so cocktails can be delivered while the players curl. “When you grow up in a small town where the winter is long, you’ve got to do something or you’ll lose your mind,” said Glen Broad, 62, an Air Canada employee who moved to Vancouver from Saskatchewan. A member of the team Old Broad and Her Gurls, Mr. Broad started curling at 12, in an era when there were ashtrays on the ice and his father would sweep with a cigarette in his mouth, he said. Many curling enthusiasts first learned the sport by watching their parents play. “In the 1970s, curling club was like day care,” said Greg Elzinga, 47, a construction project manager and member of the Pacific Rim league. “My mom would say, ‘Don’t play in the ashtrays, and don’t drink the punch. ’” As curling brooms have evolved, from straw to hog hair to synthetic bristles, so has the sport, which has grown in popularity since it returned to the Olympics in 1998 after a   absence. Smoking on the ice is no longer permitted, and many provinces prohibit imbibing during play. “We have flasks, but you need to be discreet,” Mr. Broad said. Much of the drinking occurs after matches, when, according to curling tradition, the winners buy a round for the losing team, which then reciprocates. Despite the boozy heritage and reputation for camaraderie, curling requires skill and strategy. After all, as I discovered during my visit, pushing large rocks across ice while balancing on one knee is harder than it looks. (I tipped over on my first try.) Mark Trowell, 51, a human resources manager, who was on the winning team at this year’s Canadian Gay Curling Championships, said the sport’s civility had sometimes decreased as the competition had become fiercer. “There have definitely been some Tonya Harding moments,” he said, referring to the figure skater who was implicated in an attack on her rival Nancy Kerrigan at the 1994 United States Figure Skating Championships. But Mr. Trowell was quick to clarify that no battery had occurred. “Brooms smack on the ice,” he said, “not people’s heads. ” Given the modest prizes  —   a national championship team receives 1, 000 Canadian dollars  —   few players are in it for the money. Until a few years ago, the leagues relied on sponsors that provided considerably less lucrative prizes, like flashlights, hand blenders or toasters. Canada’s gay curling leagues welcome players of any sexuality or gender. Heather Kisbee, 57, an executive assistant, joined the Pacific Rim league five years ago with a few female friends, though she failed to tell them that most of the participants were gay until one of the women remarked excitedly on the large number of   men. “She was single and quite desperately looking,” Ms. Kisbee said. “Still is, poor girl. ” Inclusiveness goes both ways, said Jack Holmes, 53, a theater facilities manager whose team of gay players has twice won mainstream league tournaments. “The men get really serious, particularly if they’re playing us, because we’re openly gay,” he said. Straight players have not always been so tolerant, Mr. Holmes added, recalling a derogatory comment made in a locker room eight years ago. For many enthusiasts, gay curling truly hit the mainstream in 2010 when Mr. Trudeau attended the first bonspiel held by the gay curling league in Halifax, Nova Scotia. It immediately became clear that he was not as skilled at curling as at some of his favorite sports, like snowboarding and boxing, according to Mr. Leaning, the president of the Toronto leagues. After saying a few words, Mr. Trudeau slid a ceremonial rock down the ice. His throw, Mr. Leaning said, went wide of the mark.",0
10654,"FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election","By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 1, 2016 By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh, Managing Editor 
John F. Kennedy memorably stated that he was going to smash the CIA into ‘a thousand pieces’, he had very good reasons for doing so; half a century later, it can reasonably be assumed that similar phrases are being darkly muttered within the corridors of power about the FBI. 
President George W. Bush “lost” 22 million emails, many involving criminal investigations, and the FBI has said nothing, though the emails involved the White House used an illegal private server owned by the Republican Party for official government business. 
The FBI is out to get Hillary Clinton, it’s not Director Comey, Obama put him in there to clean up the mess, they’ve been after Obama for 8 years. The ‘birther’ hoax began, no we aren’t kidding, inside the FBI – it was the FBI that originated the wild rumour that Hillary Clinton murdered Vince Foster and that President Obama is not only a Muslim but many in the FBI actually say he’s the anti-christ. 
Legal Analyst Paul Callan of CNN just published the following: 
Lately, the FBI, while acting without the customary supervision of the Justice Department, appears to be a runaway train on a collision course with the concept of fairness in next week’s presidential election. Democratic Senator Harry Reid and former White House ethics counsel Richard Painter have accused FBI Director James Comey of violating the Hatch Act by illegally using his office to influence the election. While the claim of a Hatch Act violation is a stretch, the appointment of an independent prosecutor and the replacement of Comey are nonetheless urgently required, if not outright overdue. The tangled relationship between the Clintons and Attorney General Loretta Lynch should have prompted appointment of an independent special prosecutor long ago.. 
Here’s what Callan knew but wasn’t able to write. The same informants that went to Callan also came to us and what they had to say was frightening. Here is how it began; an FBI insurrection and this is the exact term used by sources deep inside the FBI cabal, an FBI insurrection against, Comey, Hillary Clinton and Obama can no longer be safely ignored. This is why Senator Harry Reid has called for a criminal investigation of the FBI for violation of the Hatch Act. 
The FBI, and this isn’t Comey, it is the rank and file, the insurrectionist rank and file, a very powerful organisation that includes case managers, deputy directors that run not only counter-terrorism but financial crimes as well have not only targeted what they see to be dangerous liberal and progressive leaders, including of course the American president, but have continually protected criminals from prosecution as well. Those they have protected, possibly including names like Adelson, Trump and Romney, are funding moves against the US government, moves against American foreign policy and may well actually be funding recognised terror organisations as well, we have been specifically told this by sources within the FBI. 
This insurrectional group within the FBI, which we are told includes the majority of FBI agents, has little idea what they have gotten into, some are aware they are taking orders from the shadowy Federalist Society, that ‘right-wing conspiracy’ Hillary Clinton referred to so many years ago as trying to bring down her husband’s presidency, but it goes deeper, it gets scarier; it isn’t just ‘birthers’. 
The public face of this is blocked court appointments and a government in paralysis, but it’s far deeper and far more threatening, it all became possible when two branches of government fell under the control of organised crime. It took a five/four rigged Supreme Court and a rigged election in 2000, covered up by the FBI, to subvert for all times the independence of America’s legislature. Rigged by Richard Mellon Scaife, funded by Sheldon Adelson, a cabal calling themselves ‘Neocons’, in reality a front for organised crime, reapportioned Congressional districts across the US in clear violation of equal protection provisions of the constitution and backed by five mob-controlled members of the Supreme Court, bolstered by vote flipping software from the CIA, control of the legislative/investigative branch of government was permanently placed in the hands of a minority, destroying any hope of separation of powers and undermining all constitutional protections. Any hope of Americans influencing their own destiny disappeared with a rigged legislature running endless witch hunts and a mob-controlled Supreme Court backing them up. 
Making it worse, so much worse, was the creation of a massive security bureaucracy, the Department of Homeland Security, laws authorising torture and illegal surveillance and the destruction of the FBI. 
No public scandal can be investigated, no regulation enforced, no-one is left to speak up, no-one is safe from illegal arrest and imprisonment, a nightmare from the pages of Kafka become reality, all this has become clear in the last few days. 
When a prominent US senator calls for the prosecution of America’s national police force, is it perhaps time to take note? 
There was a reason the constitution prohibited the creation of the national police force, just as the constitution prohibited the creation of a central bank; there is no mechanism capable of controlling a central bank, as the failures of the Federal Reserve board and a cursory study of American history since 1913 will establish. 
Similarly, no provision was established within the constitution to regulate or oversee a national police force, it didn’t take long for the FBI to become the Cheka within a short period after it’s creation, J. Edgar Hoover, turned ‘the bureau’ into a monstrosity blackmailing politicians and cosying up to crime figures while Hoover’s FBI chased ‘commies’ both real and imaginary, it protected not only the mafia but powerful international crime cartels as well, becoming the real ‘Murder Inc.’ Taxpayer financed strong-arm thugs supported by a disinformation campaign. 
Hoover gained control of the press almost immediately, keeping files on his press enemies, threatening and blackmailing; some of this was to protect his own secrets – mob ties and his notorious penchant for sexual deviance, now long in the public domain, but it went further – it was all about power. 
‘Mary’ Hoover liked to dress as a woman and was infamously covertly photographed along with his longtime companion and lover Clyde Tolson in flagrante delicto; those photographs came into the possession of mob kingpin Meyer Lansky, thus ensnaring Hoover, and by extension the entire FBI in a dangerous marriage with the mob. There is no evidence they ever got divorced, though from time to time the relationship may have been somewhat rocky. 
Simply put, given these facts, any sense of surprise at FBI misconduct or calls for investigating or even disbanding the FBI, should be no surprise to anyone. Nearly every current television series that features scenarios involving the FBI invariably focuses on FBI corruption, the FBI’s illegal involvement in politics and gross incompetence. 
Sit at a table and have lunch with the FBI, it can go one of two ways – you can have brilliant, dedicated and relentless law enforcement officers who complain about being shackled by a corrupt bureaucracy, or like as not, a pack of delusional nutcases mouthing wild conspiracy theories and ranting about dangerous liberals; neither group, though widely divergent, make a case for the survival of the FBI. Then when you realise the Dept. of Homeland Security is entirely composed of conspiracy nutcases and other agencies are worse, it becomes clear that Harry Reid’s demand to clean up the FBI is far from enough.",0
10655,Neon Makes a Point at the U.S. Open - The New York Times,"Blame it on its proximity to New York Fashion Week, which officially starts on Thursday (unofficially, it starts on Wednesday) but the United States Open (which started last week) has always attracted a disproportionate amount of style scrutiny. It tends to focus on ways in which tennis imitates fashion, with players calling center court their “runway,” discussing their “evening dress” and acknowledging their awareness of trends. But for anyone who spent the holiday weekend watching the tournament at Arthur Ashe Stadium, there’s been a lesson in fashion to take away from the tennis  —   especially when it comes to the athleisure end. Put simply: There is danger in too much neon. It has been a slow creep over the last few tournaments, with fluorescent shades popping up at the Australian Open, receding slightly for the French Open and disappearing entirely in the sea of Wimbledon white. You can understand it: Neon has always had a certain attraction for the extreme sports world, and bringing it to establishment events gives them a veneer of cool. Plus, it’s got a New York edge (“They say the neon lights are bright on Broadway,” and all that). And it means you can see the player, pretty much wherever he or she is, even in a giant stadium. But with Nike’s decision to turn many of its athletes at this Open into what is effectively a   rainbow of human highlighters in   yellow, black, green and pink, there’s no closing your eyes to the problem. I am not talking here about the easy mockery, which has prompted people on social media to compare players to “tennis balls,” “safety” signs and “the 2008 Radiohead light show. ” I am talking about the fact that all this neon is such a big statement that it overshadows the actual person inside the clothes. Suddenly, instead of looking like individual players with specific and carefully honed individual styles, they look like anonymous bodies in very bright clothes. They look the same. Twitter has taken note. and more like that. The neon is such a strong statement that it has even overshadowed the Adidas multicolor   prints, an evolution of the “dazzle camouflage” pattern its athletes wore at the French Open. Not to mention pretty much every other outfit on the court. Maybe that was the point. And the neon may work well for Nike (you can’t forget it, anyway). But it emphasizes the brand over the player. And as the tournament reaches the quarterfinals, it is increasingly clear that the net (no pun intended) result has been to make the few athletes who are the exceptions to the rule stand out even more than they might have otherwise. Suddenly, Andy Murray, with his stubborn adherence to Under Armour minimalism in all black, white and gray, looks like an example of striking serenity  —   a word not often associated with his name. And then there’s Serena Williams, who, along with her sister Venus, has made something of a habit of upending tennis sartorial tradition. Though she is also part of the Nike stable, she has her own line with the brand, and this tournament, she seems to be channeling Audrey Hepburn in a little black (or white) dress, complete with cap sleeves, high neck and flashes of pink between the pleats. Also, of course, “Wonder Woman” sleeves. They’re an accessory, however, which is the point. Neon used sparingly is most effective as a  —   well, highlighter. In dress as in school. (Which, coincidentally, also begins this week in New York.) Something to consider, anyway, as we sit by the catwalks in the coming days.",0
10656,Taylor Sheridan on His Oscar-Nominated Screenplay for ‘Hell or High Water’ - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Because he was told that   were box office poison, and he wrote the screenplay for “Hell or High Water” anyway, resulting in one of the few Hollywood films of 2016 to shine a light on   America. Because, as a former actor, he creates vivid characters that are fun to perform. Because he was overlooked by Oscar voters for his last script, the   drug thriller “Sicario. ” Could voting members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences talk themselves into giving Taylor Sheridan the trophy for best original screenplay? With a week and a half to go before ballots are due, the annual Oscar race has officially entered the stage when voters can grow bored with the sure bets  —   repeated for months by prognostication outfits like GoldDerby. com  —   and look for smaller ways to reward films that have little chance of winning bigger prizes. Fitting that bill this time may be Mr. Sheridan, a nominee for “Hell or High Water. ” The   Mr. Sheridan, 47, who quit his journeyman acting career in 2011 and moved to Wyoming, is not the   in his category. Better positioned are the establishment favorite Kenneth Lonergan, who wrote “Manchester by the Sea” and has been nominated by the academy for his writing twice before and Damien Chazelle, the prodigy behind “La La Land” who took home the writing prize at the Golden Globes. [See where to stream “Hell or High Water.] But Mr. Lonergan and Mr. Chazelle are vulnerable. Some voters find Mr. Lonergan’s script overlong. “Manchester by the Sea” is also likely to be honored in other categories, including best actor, where Casey Affleck is a favorite. As for Mr. Chazelle, his screenplay has been overshadowed by his “La La Land” directing (collecting the top prize at the bellwether Directors Guild of America Awards) and the strong likelihood that “La La Land” will win best picture. “Hell or High Water,” a meditation on failure disguised as a    chase movie, has its own disadvantages. It was released by CBS Films and Lionsgate in August, outside the traditional awards corridor. Some dislike its ambiguous ending. And it took in only $27 million at the box office  —   a feat for an art film that cost a lean $12 million to make, but a niche sum all the same. (The final two films vying for the original screenplay Oscar have taken in even less. “The Lobster,” a dystopian story dreamed up by Yorgos Lanthimos and Efthymis Filippou, collected $9. 1 million. Written by Mike Mills, “20th Century Women” has managed $5 million.) But Mr. Sheridan has a shot, partly because giving him a little gold man is a way for voters to sneak some love to the film. Directed by David Mackenzie and starring Jeff Bridges as a twangy Texas marshal, “Hell or High Water” is nominated for best picture but won’t win. Sure, Mr. Bridges could triumph in the supporting actor contest. But Mahershala Ali seems to have that one in the bag for his tender portrayal of a drug dealer in “Moonlight”  —   especially after that emotional speech he gave at the Screen Actors Guild Awards. That leaves Mr. Sheridan. On Monday at the annual Oscar nominee luncheon in Beverly Hills, Mr. Sheridan said that he was still struggling to comprehend his nomination. A win? “You feel so presumptuous to even think about it,” he said quietly. He was wearing a dark suit, but he would probably have been more comfortable in a pair of   cowboy boots. Rather than flying to Los Angeles, he drove from Wyoming  —   a   trip  —   in his   “dually” truck. (For you city slickers, that means it has a set of double tires in the back.) “Hell or High Water” is the story of brothers  —   one younger (Chris Pine) with “a kind face marked by years of sun and disappointment,” as Mr. Sheridan described the character in his script, and one older (Ben Foster) with “an air of danger that attracts as many women as it repels. ” They rob West Texas banks in the throes of the Great Recession to pay back predatory bank loans and save the family homestead. A casually racist lawman (Mr. Bridges) and his part Comanche, part Hispanic deputy (Gil Birmingham) investigate, passing through one dying town after another and meeting various characters, including one of the orneriest waitresses ever put on film. (“That weren’t a question,” she snaps, taking their   steak lunch order.) Mr. Sheridan wrote “Hell or High Water” in less than three weeks. “I don’t outline,” he said. “I sit down to write and I take the ride. If something starts to not feel right, I go back to the last place that felt like jazz to me. ” He wrote what he knew. Mr. Sheridan grew up on a ranch near Cranfills Gap, Tex. population 277. It was a spare existence: His family had no stereo, he said, but they did have Bess, a yellow station wagon with an   player. His parents sometimes sat in the car with a   of beer and listened to Waylon Jennings. The Sheridans lost their property in the   economic downturn. “Otherwise I would still be living there,” Mr. Sheridan said. Instead, he wound up in Austin after flunking out of Texas State University. One day he was approached by a Hollywood talent scout who offered to fly him to Los Angeles. “I figured I might as well take the free trip,” he recalled. To his surprise, Mr. Sheridan began booking small roles on series like “Walker, Texas Ranger. ” By 2011 he had landed a regular part on “Sons of Anarchy,” but he was still struggling to support his family. Conceding that his acting career had peaked, he sat down in his cramped Hollywood apartment and started writing “Sicario,” a dark, morally ambiguous   drama with shifting protagonists. “I had read enough scripts to know what not to do,” he said. “Sicario” rode strong reviews to $85 million in worldwide ticket sales. (A sequel, “Soldado,” may arrive later this year, as may “Wind River,” a thriller about a manhunt on an Indian reservation that Mr. Sheridan wrote and directed.) “Hell or High Water,” Mr. Sheridan’s second script, was equally daring. “A film about rural disenfranchisement and the way that institutions have abandoned people, with a major character in his 60s who spits out racist barbs  —   I never thought it would sell, so I just did exactly what I wanted to do,” Mr. Sheridan said. The film’s racial banter was particularly concerning to the film’s eventual backers. “There was hesitation about that and rightly so,” he said. “But it’s something that exists. That’s how a lot of these guys talk. ” Mr. Sheridan continued: “I think that kind of casual racism comes from insecurity  —   guys who don’t know how to express their affection with each other so they revert to these insults. They think it’s playful. But their words create a divide. ” He paused for a moment, before channeling his inner ornery waitress. “I didn’t want to   these people,” he said gruffly. “I wanted to be really honest  —   take ’em or leave ’em  —   and I think that’s one reason the film has connected. ”",0
10657,Visions of Snowflakes Dance in Bill O’Reilly’s Head in ‘Old School’ - The New York Times,"The Fox News host Bill O’Reilly finds many ways to congratulate the readers of his new book, “Old School,” for their wisdom. Written with Bruce Feirstein, “Old School” is meant to set forth the code of decency, honor and determination that made O’Reilly what he is today. The lack of these virtues, the book argues, has created whiners, tweeters, helicopter parents, employees who don’t use briefcases and worse. All these miscreants are labeled “snowflakes,” though that’s getting rusty. A new epithet would have been nice. The trouble is that old   distinctions are not that clear. Sometimes old school is just old. And if you’re old school  —   “you still bend over to pick up a penny,” “you put everything away in the kitchen before you go to bed at night”  —   doesn’t being old school also require you to write your own book about your principles? O’Reilly has written half a book. He relies heavily on the “Over to you, Feirstein”   segue for the rest. More trouble: Did these two ever decide what snowflake was supposed to mean? It’s an   knock that they use for spinelessness, stupidity, political correctness and  ’Reillyian political leanings. They’ve left it so vague that one of O’Reilly’s definitions might get him into trouble with one of his most outspoken friends. “We all know Snowflakes,” he writes, “the people who blame everyone else for their failures, who look to others to solve their problems, who are sooooo sensitive to every slight. ” That puts a snowflake in chief in the Oval Office. This is an especially inopportune moment for O’Reilly to be lecturing anybody about morals. “Old School” hits the top of the New York Times nonfiction   list just as his popular TV show, “The O’Reilly Factor,” is hemorrhaging sponsors because women at Fox, angered by what they deemed O’Reilly’s predatory behavior, took his advice. (“Never let anyone treat you badly. That’s Old School. ”) O’Reilly’s recent series of steroidal history books written with Martin Dugard, starting with “Killing Lincoln” in 2011, is popular for much better reasons. Those books are compressed, not padded in the way “Old School” is. They boil big stories down to the good parts, treating accuracy as no obstacle. And they don’t play off the toxic atmosphere that has prevailed since the start of the 2016 election cycle. It’s astounding that “Old School,” a book built on divisive   can complain about   TV comics’ alienating half of the viewing population by being politically slanted. O’Reilly tells a few stories from his childhood that are meant to explain where his own   values come from. He grew up in Levittown, on Long Island, in a household where the kids were taught to be decent and to work hard if they wanted money. These stories can be strange, like the one when a young Bill used his father’s new mower on a neighbor’s lawn. Bill got angry when the neighbor complained that Bill hadn’t cut the grass under the shrubbery. It couldn’t have been done without damaging the lawn mower, so the neighbor handed Bill a pair of shears. Bill cut the grass angrily, took his pay and went home. He told his father the story. His father called the guy an imbecile. The lesson of Work Hard No Matter What somehow morphed into a connection between earning money and calling people imbeciles  —   or pinheads, the O’Reilly term of art. O’Reilly and Feirstein are old friends who met at Boston University in 1974. Their   story is one of the best anecdotes here. Feirstein was writing a column for the college paper, using it to lampoon the school’s rich kids and their   antics. (He would later move on to Spy and Vanity Fair.) One day, he found a big guy looming over him “with something between a scowl and a smile on his face,” shaking his head. “You’re not looking out for the folks,” O’Reilly scolded, telling Feirstein to give more serious focus to   graduate and commuting students than to the   “  types” O’Reilly already scorned. O’Reilly makes a visible effort to be fair when it comes time to create an honor roll of   individuals. Most controversially for his readership, he comes very, very close to putting Barack Obama on the  . He writes admiringly of Obama’s character, values and behavior as a parent. His grievance is that Obama failed to stage a rock concert that O’Reilly had put together to benefit My Brother’s Keeper, an initiative to help mentor   kids. O’Reilly thinks the former president torpedoed it for political reasons. “By the way, when was the last time you heard anything about My Brother’s Keeper?” he asks. He could easily have looked that up. A month after the election, Obama spoke about continuing to support it. The biggest and easiest target for “Old School” is school itself. Colleges and universities have provided abundant fodder for a book like this to roll out stories that will shock some portions of the general population. Those who haven’t kept up on the state of pronouns and gender politics have surprises in store. Anyone who remembers when the main issue surrounding college cafeteria food was edibility may be surprised at how much controversy cultural appropriation (e. g. the making of inauthentic ethnic foods) can generate. In a satirical letter from “Snowflake U (formerly known as Thomas Jefferson University),” somebody (probably Feirstein) crams    real examples of the extreme cosseting and cultural warfare that goes on in academia, where high tuition empowers students in ways the real world may not after graduation. Heavily footnoted (the examples check out) the letter presents a hellish vision of this warfare gone amok. And it’s worth anyone’s taking seriously, because O’Reilly’s core readership will take it as gospel. One more note about the degree of effort that went into “Old School”: O’Reilly has let himself become the one billionth person to write the line, “As Dylan sang, the times they were  . ’”",0
10658,Tech Firm Suing BuzzFeed for Publishing Unverified Trump Dossier - Breitbart,"BuzzFeed is facing a lawsuit from a technology firm following its publication of an unverified dossier claiming President Donald Trump has close ties to the Russian government. [According to a report by McClatchy DC, XBT Holdings  —   a technology firm named in the dosser with Russian interests  —   is filing a defamation lawsuit against BuzzFeed, its    Ben Smith, as well as former British intelligence spy Christopher Steele, for the publication of what it describes as “libelous, unverified and untrue allegations. ”  “The dossier included libelous, unverified and untrue allegations regarding XBT, Webzilla and Gubarev. The lawsuits seek yet undetermined compensation for the damages suffered by XBT, Webzilla and Gubarev as the result of the publication of the dossier,” a statement from XBT read. “We were shocked to see our good name wrongly included and published in this unsubstantiated report. We are confident that the courts will review the evidence of our   and provide fair and reasonable compensation from the perpetrators of this outrageous allegation,” it continued. Some of the unverified claims included in the dossier were that Donald Trump had worked in collaboration with the Russian government in the hacking of DNC internal emails. as well as that Trump had participated in extremely graphic sexual fetishism in the Moscow  . The dossier also implicated the Russian technology entrepreneur Aleksej Gubarev as being heavily involved in the collaboration, without providing any evidence to substantiate the claim. BuzzFeed has since retracted his name from the dossier and apologized for its publication, although the lawsuit contends that it has left his “personal and professional reputation in tatters,” and presented a threat to his family’s safety. Much of the intelligence provided in the dossier came from the former British spy Christopher Steele, who was hired by Trump’s opponents in both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party to conduct research and investigate his past. Following its publication, Steele went into hiding. CNN also republished the claims, although they are not named in the lawsuit. Responding to the claims last month, Trump described the dossier as “fake news,” adding that BuzzFeed was “a failing pile of garbage. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
10659,Russia Registered US Attack Drone in Area Where Idlib School Was Attacked,"… from Sputnik News , Moscow We are led to believe that this blast photo has something to do with the photo below, which is a very poor hoax [ Editor’s Note : My, my… are rogue elements in the Pentagon running these strikes to keep wind in the sails of the US’ phony anti-terrorism campaign in Syria, or are Obama and Kerry in on it? The lead classroom photo used in mass media for this “bombing attack” was an obvious fake. From the size of the blast column, there would have been nothing left to photograph but a hole in the ground, since the blast column photo looks like a 2000-lb bomb. Our make-believe newswires are supposed to have talent to catch obvious hoax stories, and this is certainly one of those. Maybe they would want to put us under contract to help them out. There is no excuse for the UN doing its jump-on-the-bandwagon routine. It has access to a lot of talent, including photo analysts, for situations like this. And the UN must be aware of the history of faked attacks by the Jihadi media during the Syrian war. ISIS has been piecing together stock footage for several years now, whenever they need a headline grabber. Mass media is even worse. With their big budgets, they are supposed to have expert people to send images to for some reality smell-testing. Even an amateur could spot this hoax. Somebody is desperate to create a climate calling for attacks on the Syrian and Russian Air Forces. Gosh, who could possibly want that? … Jim W. Dean ] This was an instant fake. A bomb coming through that wall would have blown the desks to smithereens, plus would have penetrated the roof, not the side. – First published … October 27, 2016 – 
Russian reconnaissance means have registered a US attack drone in the area where a school in Syrua’s Idlib had been bombed, the Russian Defense Ministry said Thursday. 
A US’ MQ-1B Predator drone has been seen in the area, the ministry’s spokesman Igor Konashenkov said. No Russian aircraft entered the area over the Syrian Idlib, where the alleged strike took place, he added. Moreover, Russian UAVs have not registered any signs of the destruction of the school’s roof or shell craters, Maj. Gen. Konashenkov said. A Russian drone has been sent to the area Thursday morning. “According to a photo made by a Russian UAV, the school’s roof is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area near the school. Similar information may be requested from our American colleagues. Russian reconnaissance means registered a US’ MQ-1B Predator attack drone.” Video footage published in media showing the alleged strike on the Idlib school have been fabricated, the ministry added. “Video footage published by a number of foreign media outlets of an alleged strike on the residential area of Hass [in Idlib] consists of more than 10 pieces pasted together, being shot at different times of the day.” Moreover, Konashenkov added that the school’s fence has not been damaged at all, while if an aerial bomb exploded, “the fence and all the walls of the buildings would have been destroyed and damaged by shrapnel, while the furniture would have been swept away by the shock wave.” 
According to the spokesman, the photo published by the AFP agency showed that the nature and the extent of the damage sustained by the school were not similar to the destruction caused by airstrikes. 
Earlier in the day, the executive director of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) Anthony Lake said that as many as 22 children and six teachers were killed in an attack on a school in Idlib. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned the attack on a school in Syria’s Idlib and called for an investigation into the bombing. She also said that international media “launched an attack” on Russia by claiming that Moscow and Damascus are behind the bombing without presenting evidence. 
The UNICEF has fallen victim to another hoax by the White Helmets NGO, the Russian Defense Ministry spokesman added. “Before making statements, UNISEF officials should check the sources of its information,” he said, adding that such a respected organization should not undermine its reputation.",0
10660,"In Canada, Where Muslims Are Few, Group Stirs Fear of Islamists - The New York Times","   Quebec  —   Patrick Beaudry, bejeweled, tattooed and bearded, lives on a remote wooded hillside in rural Quebec, worrying about living under Shariah law. A year and a half ago, he huddled with two friends in a Quebec maple sugar shack, discussing how to stop the spread of what they call “invasive political Islam” in Canada. They formed a group called La Meute, or Wolfpack, created a Facebook page and invited   people to join. Within a month, they had 15, 000 followers. Today, the number has surpassed 50, 000, and the group is still attracting people. Now, Mr. Beaudry and his colleagues say they are shaping those followers into   members who will give the group financial muscle and, they hope, political clout. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has publicly opened Canada’s doors to refugees and presented a face of tolerance and inclusion in a world increasingly hostile to migration. But as Canadian immigration policy has transformed the nation over decades, pockets of intolerance have grown across the country. Nowhere has it galvanized such large numbers as in Quebec, where many people still refer to themselves as pure laine, or pure wool, direct descendants of the   settlers of New France. The most emotional response has focused on conservative Muslim immigrants, who perhaps present the greatest contrast to traditional   culture and the secularism that Quebec struggled hard to win from the Roman Catholic Church. The concerns are outsize by any measure. Muslims represent just 3 percent of Canada’s population, and while Islam is one of the   religions in the country, Muslims will still account for less than 6 percent of the population in 2050, according to the Pew Research Center. Nonetheless, Mr. Beaudry and his peers say they believe there is a real threat that Islamists are bending Canada’s tolerant culture to their will. The group’s main concern is political Islam pushed by the Muslim Brotherhood, the   movement that grew out of Egypt after the fall of the Ottoman Empire following World War I. “Political Islam is slowly invading our institutions,” Mr. Beaudry declared, claiming that his group had documentary proof, though he was not prepared to show it. “We have to wake up people and shake them up, and then we will be able to bring change. ” The theme is popular among   groups across North America and Europe, where the slow integration of conservative Muslim immigrants into   cultures has excited fears among some of a global culture war. A 2004 move to set up Shariah mediation for Muslim family disputes in Ontario, which already allowed Jewish and Catholic   tribunals to operate in the province, incited a national outcry. Quebec subsequently passed a law banning Shariah tribunals. Ontario eventually banned   tribunals for all religions. Nonetheless, the events left an impression among many people that conservative Muslims were working to instill Shariah law in Canada. Canadian Muslims say that not only are such fears unfounded, but that propagating them is also dangerous, to Muslims and to society as a whole. “They are creating a problem where there is no problem,” said Hassan Guillet, a lawyer and imam. Mr. Guillet said Canadian Muslims were caught between what he called a relentless and   media focus on Islam and   groups like La Meute that spread misinformation. “If you keep rejecting the young, they will feel frustrated and feel that they don’t belong, and they will look for their own society,” Mr. Guillet warned, adding that such disenfranchisement had led some young European Muslims down the path of radicalization. “We don’t want that. We want our kids to feel that they belong, we want our kids to feel Canadian. ” As for the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood in Canada, Samer Majzoub, president of the Canadian Muslim Forum and a frequent target of conspiracy theories, called it simple fearmongering. He noted that the largest recent terrorist attack in Canada did not come from Muslims, but targeted them. He was referring to the January killing of six worshipers at a mosque in Quebec by a gunman the man accused of the killings espoused   views. Small, violent   groups have appeared in the decades since Canada relaxed its immigration laws to embrace multiculturalism. But revulsion toward violence and hate speech has kept such groups on the margins. La Meute has created a more moderate setting where people can communicate their fears. “La Meute is very different from what we have seen so far,” said Samuel Tanner, an associate professor at the International Center for Comparative Criminology at the University of Montreal who studies Canada’s far right. He likened the group’s followers to the   Democrats in the United States who supported President Trump. “They are a new type of right, blending conservatism with some liberal values,” he said. Some experts warn that groups like La Meute, however much they eschew violence, create an enabling environment in which hate can grow. “They are embedded in a broader cultural ethos that bestows ‘permission to hate,’” said Barbara Perry, a professor at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology who has written extensively on   extremism in Canada. The conversation within La Meute’s private Facebook page can border on hateful. In response to one person’s request about what could be done to prevent construction of a mosque in the neighborhood, another follower suggested pouring pig’s blood on the ground and letting Muslims know the land had been desecrated. While primarily confined to   Canada, La Meute lies on a continuum of conservative thought that is propelling politicians like Kellie Leitch, a member of Parliament who is vying for leadership of Canada’s Conservative Party. Ms. Leitch once proposed a tip line for people to report “barbaric cultural practices,” and has suggested that immigrants be screened for “Canadian values” so that the country can maintain “a unified Canadian identity. ” Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator, joined the Canadian Army when he was 17 and spent years in Germany. He retired from the army after a car accident in 2002 and subsequently spent several months working as a private contractor in Afghanistan. He was greatly influenced by the specter of Taliban rule. He said he and his friends were motivated by the 2014 killing of two soldiers in Canada in separate episodes, both at the hands of Canadian extremists who had converted to Islam. “We realized something was happening,” Mr. Beaudry said, adding that terrorist attacks in France and Belgium followed soon after. He said that the primary goal in founding La Meute was to educate members and others about the growth of political Islam in Canada. Mr. Beaudry spoke specifically about the group’s opposition to the niqab and the burqa, Islamic styles of dress that cover women’s faces. Only a tiny sliver of the Canadian population adopts them, but “if people cannot blend with the society,” Mr. Beaudry said, “it becomes a cancer and if you want to save your life, you have to take action. ” He also believes a parliamentary motion passed last month that condemns Islamophobia is a move to silence criticism of political Islam and is the first step toward an Islamic   law. On the private Facebook page, La Meute’s leaders quiz followers, screening for the most informed and dedicated who might fill positions in the hierarchy. Mr. Beaudry said La Meute was assigning followers to 17 geographic “clans,” each with officers and staff, “so people know who to report to and where to go when things happen. ” He said five clans were “fully operational,” and he expected all to be formed by the end of the year. The group has transportation cells that take people to meetings and has medical units to care for the injured. Some members recently started an online radio station. Last month, La Meute fielded about 400 people in four cities to protest the   motion. “We are trying to teach people that they have much more political power, they matter much more than the majority believes,” Mr. Beaudry said. “We want to influence our world, our politics. ”",0
10661,"Just Say No (to the Feds): Michigan Town Tells Obama, “No Muslim Migrants for Us”","Email 
Perhaps it’s the stories about rampant Muslim-migrant violence in Germany and Sweden. Maybe it’s that, despite government claims to the contrary, it has been established that there’s no way to vet the Mideast migrants entering our nation. Or it could just be good old-fashioned common sense. Whatever the case, a Michigan town has sent the federal government a clear message: We have no interest in participating in your so-called “Refugee Resettlement Program.” As Breitbart reports : Waterford Township trustees in Oakland County, Michigan, passed a resolution on Monday telling the federal government not to resettle any refugees, including those from Syria, within the township’s boundaries, until the program “has been significantly reformed.” The resolution stated : “The Charter Township of Waterford will not actively participate in the Refugee Resettlement Program until the Program has been significantly reformed, and until it has been demonstrated that the Townships of Oakland County have the capacity to absorb refugees without diverting funds from needy residents or exposing their residents to unwarranted security risks.” 
Waterford Township isn’t the first entity to cry foul over the feds’ migrant-resettlement social engineering scheme. In late September, Texas formerly withdrew from the government program, although the feds have not given up on trying to flood the state with migrants (informative video on this subject below). And Breitbart tells us of “Oakland County, Michigan, where County Executive L. Brooks Patterson has said he intends to sue the federal government for resettling refugees in the county while failing to comply with the ‘consultation clause’ of the Refugee Act of 1980 that requires the federal government and the director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement to consult with state and local government officials prior to the placement of refugees within their jurisdictions.” 
These state and local governments are right to be concerned about the Mideast migrants — especially since the feds have been less than honest. While the latter often claim the newcomers are thoroughly vetted, this is simply an impossibility. First, countries such as Syria don’t have comprehensive Western-style databases containing reliable information on the citizenry. Even more significantly, you can bribe public officials in Syria (and most Third World and Muslim countries) and get official government documents stating you’re whoever you want to be . This is why sources as varied as U.S. intelligence officials, the Greek government, and a NYC Syrian community leader have all warned that the Mideast migrants are unknown quantities . 
It is also clear that the current effort to place Muslim migrants in the West is a con. On this point I often quote Dr. Mudar Zahran, a Muslim refugee and Jordanian resistance leader living in Britain. While calling himself a “practicing Muslim,” he also has a warning for the West : 
Keep the Muslim migrants out of the West. 
His reasoning? As Zahran pointed out in a 2015 interview, “Seventy-five percent of those arriving from Syria come from safe area[s]; actually, the ones in disaster areas cannot ... leave.” He pointed out that most of them arrive from safe places such as Turkey or Jordan and bypass poor European countries, instead settling in nations such as Sweden or Germany, “where there is a rich nation with a generous welfare system.” 
Just as significantly, as of the publication date of this Daily Mail report, the five richest Arab nations — Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, and Qatar — had refused to accept even one single Syrian migrant, despite these countries being far closer to the migrants’ native lands. These nations, despite sharing faith and ethnicity with the migrants, seem to believe they “won’t fit in.” Yet if this is so, why should anyone think they’d fit in (assimilate) in the West? 
Zahran spoke of this as well, saying that “in most cases they [Muslims] don’t seem to fully integrate” and, furthermore, warning of “people who want to turn Europe into a Muslim state.” And the writing may already be on the wall, as the makers of the below video on Dearborn, Michigan — called “Dearbornistan” by many — contend. 
Yet Dr. Zahran claims there’s something more insidious at work here than just unwillingness to assimilate and Arab nations’ indifference to coreligionist plight. As he put it, “You read Arab magazines and Arab newspapers; they are talking about, ‘Good job! Now we’re going to conquest [sic] Europe.’ So it’s not even a secret.” 
Zahran might be referring to the hijra , which in Arabic means “migration” or “journey”; this is a type of jihad conducted not via a hot war but a cold demographic war whose goal is the subsumption of a target people. This aim is sometimes stated, as by the Muslim migrant here , who said that his goal in going to the West was to “Islamize” Europeans. Zahran calls this “the soft Islamic conquest of the West.” 
Yet even Muslim migrants who don’t arrive as stealth- hijra jihadists (and logic dictates that most don’t), can still pose a problem. Germany is said to be “losing control of the streets” and Sweden is much the same , after absorbing large numbers of Mideast migrants. Migrants in Germany committed 142,500 crimes during the first six months of 2016 — amounting to 780 crimes a day (and note: political correctness prevents many such crimes from being reported; the number is no doubt higher). In Sweden, police are so overwhelmed and demoralized that three officers a day quit their jobs, a significant number in a small nation. Moreover, more than 50 Swedish areas are now considered “no-go zones,” places where authorities fear to tread and civil law has broken down. 
This migrant lawlessness isn’t hard to understand. British philosopher Edmund Burke noted, “Society cannot exist, unless a controlling power upon will and appetite be placed somewhere; and the less of it there is within, the more there must be without.” In Muslim lands, a great proportion is “without,” with Draconian punishment being the norm; the chopping off of hands and heads and the blinding of people are not uncommon. Yet a prerequisite for the Western norm of relatively light punishment is that a greater proportion of that controlling power will be within. And when the Mideast migrants enter the West, it’s often a “When the cat’s away, the mice will play” situation. Add to this Koranic verses labeling non-Muslims fair game for plunder, rape, and deceit, and it’s a toxic mix. 
Despite this, the Obama administration forges on ahead with so-called “refugee resettlement,” having accepted 13,210 “Syrian” migrants thus far this year, a 675 percent increase over 2015. Note that Hillary Clinton has vowed to continue in this vein. And migrants of all kinds are now flooding into the United States , owing to our porous borders and Obama’s refusal to enforce immigration law. The result? Our immigrant population is now at an all-time high . 
And further note: Clinton has been caught admitting that she believes in “open borders.” 
The question is, does the West have a collective mind so open that its brain has fallen out? If over time we accept one million Muslim migrants and just one-tenth of one percent are terrorists or become so, that’s 1,000 violent jihadists. Moreover, the current push to accept these migrants has nothing to do with compassion, but with importing socialist-leaning voters who can create an unassailable leftist voting bloc. Know that 85 percent of our new immigrants (and almost all illegal migrants) hail from the Third World and Mideast, and 70 to 90 percent of them vote Democrat upon being naturalized. It’s a left-wing “hijra.” 
So, yes, when the Left proclaims “Our strength lies in our diversity,” they literally mean their strength. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
10663,How the internet is making even Ukrainian Nazis into Russians...,"November 3, 2016 - Fort Russ -  Yurasumy, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


On October 27th, 2016, the heads of the Verkhovna Rada committee on culture and freedom of speech, Ruslan Knyazhnitsky and Viktoriya Syumar, put forth a bill which, besides guaranteeing new preferences for the Ukrainian language, proposes to ban Russian-language print products. It’s not difficult to understand this Russophobia. For 25 years, they have been struggling to oust the Russian language from official usage in the country, but the last decade has shown the futility of their attempts. The Russian language is becoming the language of communication among the youth of Ukrainian cities, even those who earlier spoke Ukrainian. 
Language is the beginning of everything  
When in the middle of the 19th century the construction of Ukrainian self-identity began, its foundation was largely based on the language principle. It was then that scholars of the Russian Empire began to create a map of the Russian language with its division into dialects. For theorists, the geographical distribution of the Malorossiyan dialect (in the terminology of the late 19th-early 20th centuries)  was the first wave of the construction of the Ukrainian ‘nation’, the place where experiments in creating the “Ukraine is not Russia” theory began.  
It was in this time that a literary language and grammar were created. Literature and community began to take shape around them. This process coincided with another process: the mass exodus of villagers to the city.  
From the village to the city 
In this article, we will not consider the economic causes of this displacement, but note that it was this relocation that allowed the Ukrainian intelligentsia to very quickly find followers and consistently maintain their number. The mass exodus of Ukrainian-speaking masses of people to the cities allowed for the formation of an interlayer very easily subjected to “Ukrainianization.”  
This was largely a poor mass of people, only recently serfs, who saw in Russian-speaking city-dwellers some kind of other, alien group of people. Naturally, they felt a kind of alienation towards this group. Language became their main criterion of “us vs. the other.” Circles and communities appeared, the ultimate result of which was the emergence of the idea “Ukraine is not Russia.” 
The first to systematize this in a globally historic work was Mikhail Grushevsky, who before 1917 started to write his History of Ukraine-Rus . No one should be deceived by the title of this book. Its main leitmotif was that Ukraine is not Russia and that the two have always been antagonistic ever since the time of princely quarrels.  
The city wins 
During the second half of the 19th century, masses of peasants poured into the cities. Their children went to schools and colleges, became workers and civil servants, and many even rose higher up the social ladder of the empire. But the vast majority of them in their first and at least second generations became Russian-speaking.  
New and new masses of peasants came to replace them.  The melting pot of the empire worked fine until the empire itself ceased to exist. 1917 destroyed many of the state’s institutions, including integration ones. The resulting ideological gap was quickly filled with doctrines telling yesterday’s and today's Ukrainian peasants why they live so badly and who is to blame. Seventy years later, the supporters of the new theory “quickly found answers” to all the current issues of society and brought the country to ruin. The outbreak of bloody civil strife and more of the same ruin in the West did not allow the problem to drag on for decades, and was quickly resolved… 
Even taking into account the early USSR’s acceleration of the process of Ukrainianization, strong resistance to this process in the cities was evident. The youth gradually Russified and the ongoing process of industrialization contributed to the rapid movement of the labor force and its linguistic unification, which was possible only on the basis of the Russian language. Nevertheless, in the 1950’s-1960’s, the problem of reteaching “Ukrainian” students in Soviet universities still existed. This was uncomfortable, so in the 1970’s the Ukrainian language was finally put on the back burner in the schools of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.  
At the time, it was normal in Ukrainian city families, in which the parents had left for the city from the countryside, to speak in Ukrainian or Surzhyk (in Eastern Ukraine). But at work and in schools, children grew up and communicated in Russian. Usually, the children of parents who moved to the city gradually moved on to communicating in Russian and it turned out that the melting pot of the USSR worked exactly like the Russian Empire did 100 years before, when Malorossiyan villagers were quickly made into Russians in the cities.  
But history went down another roundabout... 
Attempt #2 
The collapse of the USSR, like the collapse of the Russian Empire, offered a second chance to the apologists of the idea of “Ukraine is not Russia.” They long and carefully planned “pedagogical” plans and, as soon as the iron curtain fell, the first wave of “teachers” came to Ukraine from the West. There is no point in dwelling in detail on the technicalities of the work of this and all other “reformer” groups, but their successes by the mid-2010’s were impressive.  
Preschool, school, and higher education in Ukraine became almost entirely held in the Ukrainian language. Russian culture and language were driven off of TV and the radio. Russian speaking print was not only discouraged, but often persecuted. It would seem like this was the last nail in the coffin, but this time the Ukrainian “patriotic” intelligentsia began to all the more strongly demand that authorities fight for the purity of the Ukrainian logic because “all was lost.”  
So what’s the deal? What do these “fighters” for the Ukrainian language lack today? 
The 21st century against Ukrainianization 
The point is that what has repeatedly happened in the history of Ukraine happened again. With each passing year, its territory began to feel the work of the empire’s melting pot. But where did this come from without an existing empire? Every child in Ukraine received their first mobile phone in elementary school and then their smartphone. Today, it is easy to imagine a student in school without textbooks or notebooks, but they never forget their smartphone.  
The mobile phone was a window to a larger world, the world of social networking. And it just so happened that there were no popular Ukrainian-language social networks, but there were Russian-language ones. Just like there were English-language ones. The age-old affinity between the peoples of Ukraine and Russia played its role here. A child in elementary school doesn’t know foreign languages, but Russian is habitual and almost native for him. 
Around 80% of Ukrainian children are on VKontakte, which is by and large in Russian. Thus, it turns out that in many provincial Ukrainian cities which logically should have long since been finally Ukrainianized, children spoke Ukrainian in elementary school only to speak Surzhyk in middle school, and then, in upper classes to a significant degree outside of their families, became Russians-speakers.  
I studied this phenomenon in my own children and their friends and relatives….There are exceptions, but relatively few.  
Children’s interests take their toll, and this is why the advocates of total Ukrainianization are in panic today. They see that they are losing and and cannot offer anything in return. They demand and demand, bringing the situation to insanity, and then still lose…. 
Consequences 
Thus, the information revolution has struck the bottom of the ship of “Ukraine is not Russia.” Youth are very quickly Russifying and there is no chance of stopping this process. Even people moving from the village, the eternal saviors of “patriots,” are drying up. Moreover, children from the cities have stopped going back to the villages and absorb the customs and culture of their ancestors, of whom there are none left alive. They have no one to go to. 

The internet is teaching Ukrainian children, making them largely stupid, but also Russians. Hence why today such ugly formations as Azov, the Azov Civil Corpus, and its latest incarnation in the National Corpus have been born out of the bosom of the Maidan. The vast majority of people in them are Russians trying to find a basis for how to become Ukrainian nationalists. It is clear that confrontation can no longer be built on the basis of language. They have to find new reasons to be non-Russians or, rather, Russians who want to build on the territory of the former USSR and beyond its borders a new integration project - Greater Eurasia… 


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
10664,Earth’s Magnetic Field is COLLAPSING and The Poles Are About To Switch,"posted by Eddie As it turns out – according to studies— our planets magnetic field could flip in our lifetime. According to experts , the position of the South Pole has shifted and is not located precisely at Antarctica, the North Pole is also believed to be ‘racing’ across the Arctic Ocean. Earth’s magnetic field appears to be collapsing which could severely damage our climate and WIPE OUT power grids across the world. Our planet’s magnetic field exists because Earth has a massive ‘ball of iron’ at its core which is surrounded by an outer layer of molten metal. As the earth’s magnetic field varies over time, the positions of the north and south magnetic poles gradually change. The magnetic declination at a given location also changes over time. As it turns out a lot has changed in the last couple of hundred years, and to see what we are taking about visit NOAA and take a look at Historical Magnetic Declination . Interestingly, according to previous studies, Earth’s magnetic field – which shields our planet from blasts of deadly solar radiation has dangerously weakened in the last couple of years. According to reports from the European Space Agency , the biggest weak spots seen in the magnetic field are located in the western hemisphere. Experts are unsure why the magnetic field is weakening but one of the MOST LIKELY reasons is that our planets magnetic poles are getting ready to flip said Rune Floberghagen, the ESA’s Swarm mission manager. Researchers have concluded that the magnetic field had diminished at a rate of around five percent per century. However, new studies who that the magnetic field is weakening at an accelerated rate of five percent per decade –meaning that it is deteriorating five times faster than previously believed. If we take a look at the animation of secular variation in geomagnetic total intensity for the last 400 years, we will see that the magnetic field began weakening in 1600 . Animation of secular variation in geomagnetic total intensity for the last 400 years: Furthermore, the magnetic field weakened a staggering 10 percent from the 1800’s to 2000. Ok so… what would happen if it really flips? According to experts, if the pole switch does happen the entire planet and everything on it will become exposed to solar winds which could punch giant holes into the ozone layer which in turn could have a devastating effect on mankind. If the planet’s Magnetosphere starts collapsing power grids could collapse, the weather would abruptly change and humans would have serious health risks. According to reports from the European Space Agency, as of 2014 the magnetic field is continuing to weaken rapidly . With the help of SWARM, scientists have obtained unprecedented insights into the complex workings of Earth’s magnetic field. Reports show that the general trend of the magnetic field is weakening and the most dramatic declines are present over the Western Hemisphere. 
The latest measurements also confirm the movement of magnetic North towards Siberia. It is believed that the magnetic field is speeding away at a rate of about 40 miles per year. But what is most terrifying is perhaps a study that warns that magnetic reversals lead to extinction events. The highlights of the study indicate : Geomagnetic field reversal substantially weakens the protection for the atmosphere. Solar wind energizes more oxygen ions to escape when geomagnetic field is weakened. Oxygen escape may explain the drop of atmospheric level during mass extinction. The causal relation between reversal and mass extinction should be “many-to-one”. The simulated oxygen escape rate based on knowledge of Mars support our hypothesis. Furthermore, it is believed that magnetic reversals can be responsible for floods of biblical proportions as you can see in the video below: 
source:",0
10665,Could McMullin Throw the Presidential Race Into the House?,"Email 
With most of the attention in the presidential contest understandably focused on the major party candidacies of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and to a lesser extent on the minor party efforts of Gary Johnson, the Libertarian, and Green Party hopeful Jill Stein, the independent campaign of Utah resident Evan McMullin (shown) is moving under the national radar. 
But he could throw the race into the House of Representatives for it to decide who becomes president. 
Utah is normally a very reliable Republican state. But Republican nominee Donald Trump is not very popular in the Mormon-dominated state. This is contrary to 2012, when the Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, a prominent member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (commonly known as Mormons because of their extra-biblical book The Book of Mormon ), ran — though Romney may have lost the election to Democrat Barack Obama when millions of evangelical Christians chose not to vote at all rather than vote for a Mormon. 
In states in which McMullin appears on the ballot, his candidacy is thought to be costing Trump dearly. McMullin has achieved ballot status in Colorado, Minnesota, Idaho, and South Carolina. He has also announced write-in efforts in Alaska, Montana, Tennessee, and West Virginia. 
And since Trump is only trailing Clinton by two points in a recent poll in Colorado, the McMullin presence on the ballot could conceivably throw that state into the Clinton column. 
In Utah, however, McMullin could actually win, as Trump holds a mere 1-point margin over him in the most recent poll. Clinton is five points back. Were McMullin to actually prevail in Utah, it would be the first time since former Alabama Governor George Wallace carried five states in 1968 that a person other than a Democrat or a Republican has both carried a state, and received electoral votes. 
A victory in Utah by McMullin, however, could do something that has not happened since 1824, when the House of Representatives chose John Quincy Adams over Andrew Jackson — send a presidential contest to Congress. The Constitution provides that should no candidate garner a majority of the vote in the Electoral College, then the House of Representatives shall choose the president. (If this occurred, we can expect the media will call it a “constitutional crisis,” which, of course, it would not be, since the 12th Amendment specifically provides for this method). 
It should be understood that a McMullin victory in Utah would not, by itself, give the election to Hillary Clinton. If McMullin actually carried Utah, then that would mean that Clinton did not carry it, and would therefore receive zero electoral votes in the state. The same thing could be said of Trump, of course. 
At the present time, if Trump carried Utah and all the states considered “toss ups” by the experts, he would have 266 electoral votes, and would lose the election to Clinton, as it takes 270 electoral votes or better to win the election. However, if Trump could then add the nine votes of Colorado to his column (where he is trailing by only two points to Clinton in the most recent poll), then he would be the victor, with 275 votes. Two other states in which Trump is within striking distance are Wisconsin and Virginia, where he is only behind five points in the most recent poll. Perhaps most interesting is Pennsylvania, where Trump is just three points down in the most recent poll. That state has 20 electoral votes, and a victory there would likely put him into the White House. 
If, for some reason, Trump and Clinton were to both receive 269 votes and tie, the election would also be thrown into the House of Representatives [the present House, not the one elected in November]. 
Once the election went to the House, it would appear at first glance that Donald Trump would be the winner. The 12th Amendment provides that each state’s delegation of members of the House of Representatives cast only one vote for the entire delegation — regardless of the number of members in the delegation. Thirty-three states have a Republican majority, as opposed to only 13 with Democratic majorities. Three states — Maine, New Hampshire, and New Jersey — are equally divided, and would presumably not be able to cast a vote for either candidate, unless a Democrat or a Republican abandoned their party’s nominee. 
But the members would be given a choice of the top three vote-getters in the Electoral College. In a 269-269 tie, with no one besides Clinton and Trump getting votes, the choice would be limited to only those two. However, in the unlikely scenario that McMullin has caused the election to land in the House because he carried Utah, denying either candidate a majority of the electoral college vote, this could lead to some horse-trading. 
Because McMullin is a Republican, having served as a former chief policy director for the House Republican Conference, could some Republicans consider casting their state’s lone vote for McMullin? With a 33-13 edge over the Democrats, it is clear that the Republicans, if they acted in concert, could give the presidency either to Trump, the actual Republican nominee, or they could choose McMullin. It is inconceivable that Clinton could win in this circumstance 
While it is unlikely that McMullin will both win the state of Utah and “throw” the election into the House of Representatives, it is certainly possible . 
Because of this, it might be wise to know a little bit more about McMullin. 
While there are certainly some things for constitutional conservatives to like about him, there are also some things about the 40-year-old Mormon that should raise some eyebrows. First of all, it is troubling that he seems to be aiming most of his fire at Trump. Perhaps he thinks he can win votes away from disgruntled Republicans who do not like the New York real estate tycoon, but little chance exists to win over a Clinton Democrat voter. 
“Donald Trump is an absolutely horrendous, terrible candidate. He has no business representing the Republican Party, or being president of the United States,” McMullin told Brett Baier on Fox News Sunday. 
McMullin’s remarks about Trump personally are one thing — he has said, “I imagine there are dozens more of these women out there, sadly” — his differences with Trump on policy questions should certainly bear close scrutiny. He differs with Trump on trade, for example. He also told ABC News that Trump’s public comments about Muslims are damaging to U.S. counterterrorism efforts. “What he doesn’t realize,” McMullin said of Trump, “is that we actually depend on Muslims to do counterterrorism, to wage war against terrorists.” Echoing Hillary Clinton, McMullin said Trump was too close to Russian President Vladimir Putin. 
It appears that McMullin also differs with Trump at least somewhat, on immigration, saying he does not favor mass deportation, but he does support border security. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
10666,CodeSOD: Classic WTF: Injection Proof'd,"Founder, The Daily WTF It's Thanksgiving, in the US. Be thankful you're not supporting this block of code. --Remy 
“When a ‘customer’ of ours needs custom-developed software to suit their business requirements,” Kelly Adams writes, “they can either ‘buy’ the development services from the IT department, or go to an outside vendor. In the latter case, then we’re supposed to approve that the software meets corporate security guidelines.” 
“Most of the time, our ‘approval’ is treated as a recommendation, and we end up having to install the application anyway. But recently, they actually listened to us and told the vendor to fix the ‘blatant SQL-injection vulnerabilities’ that we discovered. A few weeks later, when it came time for our second review, we noticed the following as their ‘fix’.” internal static string FQ(string WhichField) { string expression = """"; int num2 = Strings.Len(WhichField); for (int i = 1; i <= num2; i++) { string str = Strings.Mid(WhichField, i, 1); if (str == ""'"") { str = str + ""'""; } expression = expression + str; } return Strings.Trim( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace(Strings.Replace( expression, ""xp_"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""sp_"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""--"", ""-"", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Binary), ""alter table"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""drop table"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""create table"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""create database"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""alter table"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""alter column"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""drop column"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""drop database"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""1=1"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""union select"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""/*"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""*/"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""boot.ini"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""../"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""%27"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), "";dir"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""|dir"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""<script"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""</script>"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""language=javascript"", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text), ""language=\""javascript\"""", """", 1, -1, CompareMethod.Text)); } 
Kelly adds, “of course this time, when we told them the application was still vulnerable so long that a hacker typed ‘1 = 1’ instead of ‘1=1’, they told us were beeing too picky, and had us install the application anyway.” [Advertisement] Manage IT infrastructure as code across all environments with Puppet . Puppet Enterprise now offers more control and insight, with role-based access control, activity logging and all-new Puppet Apps. Start your free trial today!",0
10667,Congressman Who Said He Couldn’t Look His Daughter In The Eye And Endorse Trump Is Voting Trump,"By Jameson Parker Feminist Issues , News October 26, 2016 Congressman Who Said He Couldn’t Look His Daughter In The Eye And Endorse Trump Is Voting Trump 9143 Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
Thumb through the pages of the dictionary until you find the word “craven” and a picture of Republican congressman Jason Chaffetz’s picture will probably greet you. In a year full of pathetic spinelessness from Republicans, his efforts seem to stand out. 
It’s hard to imagine a congressman doing more damage to his lasting reputation than Chaffetz pulled off on October 26th, 2016 – a date that will live in infamy. First, news broke that Chaffetz was already prepping for a Clinton White House by pre-planning two years worth of senseless investigations in a shameless attempt to destroy any chance of her – or congress – accomplishing anything. And yet sadly that story was only half of the reason why Chaffetz singlehandedly proved Mark Twain wasn’t kidding when he quipped “Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a member of Congress, but then I repeat myself.” Congressman Chaffetz is a very big idiot. 
A little over one week after Chaffetz tried to score some cheap political points by unendorsing Donald Trump following the release of an audio tape in which the Republican nominee bragged about sexual assault, he sent out a tweet clarifying that when he said he wouldn’t endorse or defend Trump, he never said he wouldn’t vote for him. I will not defend or endorse @realDonaldTrump , but I am voting for him. HRC is that bad. HRC is bad for the USA. 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 27, 2016 
What’s the distinction between “endorsing” and “voting for” you ask? Well, for Jason Chaffetz it’s like when you want to bake a cake but you also want to eat it too. See? Simple. Chaffetz is a very, very big idiot. 
Making Chaffetz’s cowardice all the more apparent is the reason why he said he was unendorsing Trump in the first place. Like the rest of the country, he heard Trump’s boasts about grabbing women’s genitals and found it abhorrent. He also said he couldn’t face his 15-year-old daughter and support a potential sexual predator like Trump. 
“I can no longer in good conscience endorse this person for president. It is some of the most abhorrent and offensive comments that you can possibly imagine. My wife and I, we have a 15-year-old daughter, and if I can’t look her in the eye and tell her these things, I can’t endorse this person.” 
So to be perfectly clear, Jason Chaffetz, Republican congressman from Utah, can’t look his daughter in the eye and endorse Donald Trump, but he can stare her straight in the face and say “Dad just voted for this monster.” 
Nice work, Jason. You pathetic, small man. I’m forwarding your congressional photo to Webster’s. 
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
10668,Aston Martin Broadens the Brand - The New York Times,"The legendary carmaker Aston Martin is loved and revered in Britain, famed for providing James Bond with his getaway vehicles, as well as having a colorful company history as packed with twists, turns and   escapes as the   secret agent himself. The road has been far from smooth in the 103 years since the car brand was founded although it has manufactured a long line of   racing and sports cars, beloved by celebrities and the world’s superrich alike, Aston Martin has been insolvent seven times since its establishment in 1913. Still, after being mired in the red since 2010, there are signs that the company finally is steering itself toward   profitability, helped by a recent 200 million pound ($249. 2 million) investment program. Under a   chief executive, Andy Palmer, who arrived from Nissan two years ago, Aston Martin plans to renew its entire lineup of car models in the next six years. That effort began as its successor to the DB9, the £155, 000 DB11, was unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show in March (to rave reviews) and vehicle production began this fall at Gaydon, the group’s headquarters and main factory site in the heart of the Warwickshire countryside. In a bid to broaden its customer base in emerging markets and among women, the DBX, a new crossover Sports Utility Vehicle, will be   at a new factory in South Wales from 2018. Following a   absence, the brand made a glitzy return to the Formula One racing circuit with Red Bull, in a partnership linked to a road car collaboration, the £205 million   001. And in September, weeks after opening a flagship store in the Mayfair neighborhood of London showcasing branded handbags, caps and   leather jackets, Aston Martin even introduced the AM37, a   powerboat with a price tag of £1. 3 million, as it seeks to shift gears and become a global luxury lifestyle brand. With the wheels now in motion on so many ambitious and   initiatives (the expansion efforts will increase Aston Martin’s unit output from 4, 000 to 7, 000 per year) one would expect a sense of pressure and expectation at the Gaydon plant. But the Midlands site, with its futuristic corporate offices, orderly   single factory floor and glistening moat upon which several parked models appear to float majestically, continues to move at a   pace than that of most rivals. Vehicles and their parts are made at a series of work stations, where a team of 800 workers   the cars. Once work is competed at one station, the bodies gently move to the next station on the line, buffed by a team of human hands and     robotic technology. Most employees, whether the seamstresses stitching at the leather seats or the paint specialists who spend about 50 hours per vehicle on the perfect finish, draw on decades of experience (although there also is a crop of youthful looking employees on the payroll). “There is a quiet confidence here, quite simply, because we know we have many of the world’s greatest car technicians in the world on site,” Marek Reichman, the brand’s chief creative officer, said. “They build sports cars like our DB111 with the same level of skill and handicraft as they would a hyper car like our AM RB 001. One takes 215 hours, the other 2, 000   but fundamentally they are very similar processes  —   one just takes longer than the other, but they all happen in the same place. ” Aston Martin has made 80, 000 cars in its history, he said, with 90 percent still on the road the number that Toyota would make in three days, given the Japanese giant’s annual vehicle output of five million units. “Lots of the men and women who work here know that if they turned left down the road, to the Jaguar Land Rover factory, they could earn 20 percent more than they do here,” Mr. Reichman said. “But instead they turn right. And they do that because they love our product, love our reputation and being part of one of the best British auto engineering legacies in history. ” Aston Martin is the last British carmaker not owned by one of the powerful global giants of the auto industry. Volkswagen bought Bentley in 1998 BMW owns   Motor Cars and Mini. Ford bought a majority stake in Aston Martin in 1987 but sold it in 2007 to a consortium, including Kuwaiti investors. In 2013, Investindustrial  —   an Italian private equity outfit that turned around Ducati before selling it to Audi  —   acquired a 37. 5 percent holding. And in 2014, Daimler took a 5 percent stake. The plan for the future, both management and investors agree, is to make the brand   better ensuring its chances of   survival despite the waning demand for superluxury sports cars. (It now exports 80 percent of its cars, with its largest markets in the United States, China, the Far East and Middle East.) Still, Mr. Reichman appears convinced of the group’s chances of success. “When you buy a sports car today, be it a Ferrari, or a Lamborghini or even an Aston Martin, then you are making a decision about yourself, your fortune and how you want the world to see you,” he said. “And we are not provocative, we are more acceptable  —   at ease with ourselves and a car that people feel comfortable about when they admire. “We think that the understated beauty the Aston Martin, both inside and out, will resonate more and more in today’s climate. It’s been quite the journey so far. But the best  —   we hope  —   is ultimately still to come. ”",0
10669,"Democrats Hone a New Message: It’s the Economy, Everyone - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   It was a blunt,   set of senators who gathered last Monday at the Washington home of Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Democrat of North Dakota, dining on Chinese food as they vented frustration about the missteps of the Democratic Party. To this decidedly centrist group, the 2016 election was nothing short of a fiasco: final proof that its national party had grown indifferent to the rural, more conservative areas represented by Democrats like Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana, who attended the dinner. All face difficult   races in 2018. The party, these senators said, had grown overly fixated on cultural issues with limited appeal to the heartland. They criticized Hillary Clinton’s campaign slogan, “Stronger Together,” as flat and opaque, according to multiple people present at the dinner, some of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity. Most of all, they lamented, Democrats had simply failed to offer a clarion message about the economy with appeal to all 50 states. “Why did the working people, who have always been our base, turn away?” Mr. Manchin said in an interview, recounting the tenor of the dinner conversation. Moderate Democrats are not alone in their sense of urgency about honing a new economic message. After a stinging loss to Donald J. Trump, liberals in the party are also trying to figure out how to tap into the populist unrest that convulsed both parties in 2016. Only by making pocketbook issues the central focus, they say, can Democrats recover in the 2018 midterm elections and unseat Mr. Trump in 2020. “We need to double down and double down again on the importance of building an economy not just for those at the top, but for everyone,” said Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a   progressive who is seen as a leading potential opponent for Mr. Trump. This   approach offers an added benefit in the minds of Democratic strategists: It papers over the party’s differences on how much to focus on cultural issues. There is little appetite among most Democrats to substantively revise their stances on issues like abortion, gay rights, gun control and immigration, where trends on the national level continue to favor the party. By constructing a platform focused on an overarching theme of economic fairness, Democrats are hoping to avoid yoking their candidates to a more divisive agenda that could sink them in states like North Dakota and West Virginia, which are crucial to control of the Senate. This is markedly different from the approach that party leaders have taken over the last eight years, when President Obama defined the party from top to bottom with his personality and policies. Instead, Democrats intend to focus on a sparer agenda of    priorities that can win support from both liberal and moderate officeholders  —   and appeal to voters just as much in red states as along the two coasts. Beyond that, they expect wide variance in how officeholders handle Mr. Trump and his agenda, from moderates who seek out accommodation to   leaders who pursue total war. Their emerging message is likely to focus on protecting Medicare and Social Security, attacking income inequality and political corruption, and blocking legislation that might restrict access to health care. The first salvo in the fight will be over Mr. Trump’s pick of Representative Tom Price of Georgia, a vocal supporter of privatizing Medicare, as secretary of health and human services: The Democrats at Ms. Heitkamp’s dinner discussed how to highlight and, potentially, block Mr. Price’s appointment, according to an attendee. Many Democrats, especially those from the party’s more liberal wing, see significant reasons for optimism about their political prospects in the medium and long terms. Though Mr. Trump prevailed in the Electoral College, he did so thanks to the slimmest of margins in three states  —   Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin  —   and he lost the popular vote nationally by nearly three million votes. With the country growing more urban and racially diverse, Democrats like their chances in the 2020 presidential race, when nonwhite voters are likely to make up more than 30 percent of the electorate for the first time in history. Even in Mrs. Clinton’s defeat, the country’s changing hue helped her come closer than any Democrat in decades to flipping Arizona and Georgia, two traditional Republican bastions. But before the next presidential race, Democrats must navigate a treacherous landscape of midterm elections. They must defend 10 Senate seats in states Mr. Trump won, many of them in the Rust Belt and the West. And unless they break the Republican lock on state governments by winning governorships in a handful of big states, like Wisconsin and Ohio, they may be unable to prevent Republicans from continuing to draw congressional maps that favor their candidates. Representative Hakeem Jeffries of New York, a new member of the Democratic leadership team in the House, said he considered Mr. Trump an “Electoral College president” and cautioned Democrats not to overreact to his victory. But Mr. Jeffries agreed that Democrats must court “  voters we lost, without abandoning our core constituencies and principles that made up the Obama coalition. ”’ “We will not take back the majority,” Mr. Jeffries said, “unless we have a   approach. ” At a meeting of House Democrats this past week, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said the party did not have to move away from its liberal values or cease to be a party that “welcomes those who seem to have been left behind for a long time,” said Representative Dan Kildee of Michigan, who paraphrased Mr. Biden’s remarks. But Mr. Biden encouraged Democrats to represent themselves as a “party of working people. ” Mr. Kildee, who is weighing a bid for governor in 2018, said they would have to reorganize their message around issues that are “fundamental to economic security,” and await opportunities to exploit Mr. Trump’s shortcomings. Evidence of a narrower, more tightly focused Democratic agenda was on display this past week at a Capitol Hill news conference, where a range of Democrats spoke beside   nurses and older voters holding up signs that read: “It’s not wise to privatize. ” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the incoming Democratic Senate leader, warned gravely that Republicans were “gearing up for a war on seniors. ” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, echoing the economic themes that propelled his White House bid and first drew Democratic attention to the potency of populism this year, vowed, “We are not going to allow the billionaire class or Trump or anybody else to cut the programs that the elderly, the disabled and disabled vets absolutely depend upon. ” This effort to defend popular government programs appeals to all elements of the party and offers the promise of winning back some of the older white voters it has lost in recent elections. And it recalls the strategy Democrats turned to the last time they were trying to reclaim control of Congress when Republicans had full control of the government, and the left was united in opposition to President George W. Bush’s attempted Social Security overhaul. Still, the Democrats’ fortunes may rest chiefly with Mr. Trump. If he shuns the lawmakers in his own party who want to overhaul entitlements such as Medicare and governs more as a populist than as a   conservative, it could complicate the Democratic comeback strategy. Outside Washington, some party leaders plan on taking the fight to Mr. Trump more immediately. Progressives in   capitals appear primed to take a more combative approach, attacking Mr. Trump and obstructing him on issues important to liberal voters. These Democrats have already pledged to put up a front of resistance to Mr. Trump’s policies, much as Republican governors and attorneys general did against Mr. Obama. Representative Xavier Becerra, who has been appointed the new attorney general of California, said leaders in the states would hold the line on policy where Democrats in Washington could not. “Our role will principally be to defend the progress we have made in recent years,” Mr. Becerra said. He pointed to a resolution the California State Legislature passed stating that “California stands unified in rejecting the politics of hatred and exclusion” and demanding that Mr. Trump “not pursue mass deportation strategies that needlessly tear families apart, or target immigrants for deportation based on vague and unjustified criteria. ” At a retreat for Democratic governors in New Orleans last weekend, Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington argued forcefully that governors should send a message to the White House on health care, among other issues. “There is so much threatened in my state,” Mr. Inslee said in an interview. “We will be engaged vigorously in making sure that the public understands what’s going on and how damaging it can be. ” But even liberals believe Democrats must work harder to compete for voters who lean to the right, if only to shave a few points off the Republican Party’s margin of victory in rural America. In some cases, they said, that may mean embracing candidates who hold wildly different views from the national party on certain core priorities. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, said Democrats did not have to choose between supporting liberal policies and competing for conservative votes. But he seemed to imply that Democrats had made a mistake in 2016 by not working harder to win over skeptical voters. “In the presidential race, where there’s just a much bigger playing field, there’s a tendency to say, ‘Well, I’m only going to get 35 percent, so I’m not going to go there,’” Mr. Kaine said. “Well, the difference between 35 and 25 is big. ”",0
10670,Netanyahu: We Must Retain West Bank to ’Assure Our Existence’,"The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday said that Israel must maintain its military control over the West Bank in the event of a peace agreement with the Palestinians. [“The idea that we can give up territory and achieve peace is not right,” Netanyahu told Army Radio in a   holiday interview. “In order to assure our existence we need to have military and security control over all of the territory west of the Jordan [River],” he said, reaffirming his commitment to a policy that is rejected by Palestinians, who seek a full Israeli withdrawal from the territory.  In the radio interview, Netanyahu asserted the root of the conflict lies not with Israeli settlements in the West Bank, but rather in Palestinian intransigence regarding recognition of Jewish rights to any part of the land. Read more here.",0
10671,Fight to Impeach Brazil’s Leader Tears at Fabric of Daily Life - The New York Times,"BRASÍLIA  —   The wall, nearly a mile of corrugated metal, plunges down the center of the majestic lawn that faces Brazil’s National Congress, the modernist icon designed by Oscar Niemeyer. It was hastily erected in recent days, and is meant to separate the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on Brasília, the Brazilian capital, this weekend as members of Congress vote on whether to begin impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff. The left side of the wall, facing Congress, is reserved for supporters of the   Ms. Rousseff, the right for people demanding her ouster. “It’s not pretty, but the wall is necessary to keep the two sides from tearing each other apart,” a    police officer in    riot gear said as she stood in the searing sun on Friday afternoon. “When these protesters come together, they behave like soccer hooligans. ” Brazilian politics is a blood sport in the best of times, but the battle over Ms. Rousseff’s impeachment is inflaming passions as never before, cleaving families, turning friends into enemies and transforming children into unwitting surrogates for the warring sides. Social media has been flooded with venom, and those who claim to be neutral often find themselves accused of treachery. On the streets of Brazilian cities, political rallies organized by one side or the other have been devolving into shouting matches or worse, including a brawl last month in São Paulo that left a former city councilor with a bloody lip. “I don’t think this will turn into a civil war because you’d have to be stupid to fight for these politicians, but people are very stressed right now,” said Rafael Alcadipani da Silveira, 39, a professor of organizational studies at Fundação Getúlio Vargas, one of the country’s top universities. “I’ve never seen things this bad. ” Political passions have turned ordinary sartorial decisions into perceived acts of provocation. Lauana de Lima Oliveira, 22, a saleswoman from São Paulo, recalled a recent day when she decided to go to work in a red tank top. Red is the color associated with Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party. As she rode in a crowded subway car, several passengers began to elbow her while hissing “petralha,” a pejorative for party stalwarts. Ms. de Lima Oliveira, who said she was agnostic on the impeachment drive, was stunned. “People have become like horses that wear blinders so they can’t see anything on either side of them,” she said. “Red happens to be my favorite color, and I’m not going to stop wearing it. ” In the southern city of Porto Alegre, Ariane Leitão, a surrogate councilwoman with the Workers’ Party, filed a formal complaint against her longtime pediatrician who, citing Ms. Leitão’s party affiliation, abruptly cut off ties. “Given all that has happened,” the doctor wrote to her, according to the newspaper Folha de S. Paulo. “I am not in the position to treat your son. ” Most alarming, experts say, is the extent to which the political maelstrom has affected those too young to vote. Last month, students at a private school in São Paulo reportedly terrorized a    boy after he showed up to class wearing a red shirt emblazoned with the Swiss flag  —   a gesture of neutrality, according to his father, who discussed the episode on Facebook in a posting shared more than 4, 500 times. School officials say many children have been parroting the caustic expressions they hear at home, and teachers at one school in São Paulo were alarmed when a child drew a picture of Ms. Rousseff hanging by a noose. Ilana Katz, a psychoanalyst who works with children, said she was worried that many young people were learning intolerance from their parents, and that it is acceptable to express disagreements through aggression. “It’s this idea that there is only one way to live, and that those who live differently need to be eliminated,” she said. “We should be teaching the opposite of that. ” For   the fallout has been even more pronounced. Among urban professionals, it’s common to hear stories about relationships that have been shattered by the mounting political warfare. Fátima Nobre, 57, an advertising executive, said a neighbor threw her out of his apartment during lunch a few weeks ago when she expressed support for Ms. Rousseff’s impeachment. “It was as if he was channeling Dilma’s spirit, like he had turned into the devil,” she said, referring to the president by her first name. “I don’t want to be friends with a person like that. ” The most searing rancor often finds expression on Facebook, where Brazilians’ postings about pets and food have been almost entirely supplanted by political shouting matches. Andressa Umeki, 34, a journalist, said a verbal imbroglio on Facebook ended her relationship with a cousin who used to shower her with words of affection. After Ms. Umeki publicly cast her lot with the opposition seeking impeachment, the cousin unfriended her. “We used to speak by phone but not anymore,” she added. Alarmed by the surge in social strife, some Brazilians have taken a hard line on political chatter. Tarciano André Barbosa, 40, a tech analyst in São Paulo, said he had to warn his    about cracking political jokes during his daughter’s recent birthday party. “You see people on TV in the Middle East throwing bombs at one another, and here we are fighting, too, though in a different way,” he said. “People have become so extremist. It’s absurd, and in the end this will pass, but relationships can’t be lost over ignorance. ” Though it sometimes feels as if all of Brazilian society is consumed by the machinations taking place in Brasília, those who study the growing polarization say much of the fury is confined to older,   professionals. Pablo Ortellado, a professor at the University of São Paulo who studies protest movements in Brazil, said a recent survey he conducted showed that   Brazilians and people under 35 had largely stayed away from the political rallies that were roiling many cities. “Even I was surprised by the results because it sometimes seems that these protests are affecting all of society,” he said. His hypothesis? Because educated, older Brazilians came of age when the Workers’ Party was battling the dictatorship that ruled Brazil until the   they are more invested in the outcome of the current political struggle. “Either they are still enthusiastic for the party or they feel betrayed by the party or they never liked it,” Mr. Ortellado said, adding that he felt optimistic that younger Brazilians would one day be less dogmatic about party politics. “It points to a future, perhaps 10 years from now, when we can work out our political differences in another way. ” Even at the wall that cleaves the national mall, such levelheaded pragmatism was not hard to find. On Friday afternoon, two colleagues from the Ministry of Health spent their lunch break taking photos of each other amid a phalanx of riot police. The men, Leonardo Ferreira de Almeida, 28, and Wanderson Gontijo, 38, are on opposite sides in the impeachment debate  —   and acknowledged spending way too much time at work talking politics  —   but they said their discussions rarely turned venomous. “The way I see it, democracy is an opportunity to have different opinions but to not be blind to the weaknesses of your argument,” said Mr. Almeida, a social policy analyst at the ministry. Mr. Gontijo, a technology specialist, nodded in agreement and then looked at the wall, which was already festooned with posters comparing it to the Berlin Wall. “This is a shame because it doesn’t represent democracy,” he said. With that, the men threw their arms around each other, smiled broadly and posed for one more photograph.",0
10672,German Army Needs to Remove Nazi-Era Names: Defense Minister,"(REUTERS)  —    The names of German military barracks honoring a handful of World War Two officers should changed to show that the country’s   armed forces have made a clean break from their Nazi past, Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Sunday. [Having come in for criticism herself after accusing the Bundeswehr armed forces of “weak leadership” amid a national debate over whether there are   extremists in the military, von der Leyen told Bild am Sonntag newspaper the barracks should no longer be named after   officers.  “The Bundeswehr has to send signals both internally and externally that it is not rooted in the tradition of the Wehrmacht,” she said, referring to the World War   name for the German army. The Bundeswehr was created in 1955. Read more here.",0
10673,U.S. Fingerprints on Attacks Obliterating Yemen’s Economy - The New York Times,"SANA, Yemen  —   For decades, Mustafa Elaghil’s family produced snack foods popular in Yemen, chips and corn curls in bright packaging decorated with the image of Ernie from “Sesame Street. ” But over the summer, a military coalition led by Saudi Arabia sent warplanes over Yemen and bombed the Elaghils’ factory. The explosion destroyed it, setting it ablaze and trapping the workers inside. The attack killed 10 employees and wiped out a business that had employed dozens of families. “It was everything for us,” Mr. Elaghil said. The   coalition has bombed Yemen for the last 19 months, trying to oust a rebel group aligned with Iran that took control of the capital, Sana, in 2014. The Saudis want to restore the country’s exiled president, Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who led an internationally recognized government more aligned with its interests. But instead of defeating the rebels, the campaign has sunk into a grinding stalemate, systematically obliterating Yemen’s already   economy. The coalition has destroyed a wide variety of civilian targets that critics say have no clear link to the rebels. It has hit hospitals and schools. It has destroyed bridges, power stations, poultry farms, a key seaport and factories that produce yogurt, tea, tissues, ceramics,   and potato chips. It has bombed weddings and a funeral. The bombing campaign has exacerbated a humanitarian crisis in the Arab world’s poorest country, where cholera is spreading, millions of people are struggling to get enough food, and malnourished babies are overwhelming hospitals, according to the United Nations. Millions have been forced from their homes, and since August, the government has been unable to pay the salaries of most of the 1. 2 million civil servants. Publicly, the United States has kept its distance from the war, but its   alliance with Saudi Arabia, underpinned by tens of billions of dollars in weapons sales, has left American fingerprints on the air campaign. Many strikes are carried out by pilots trained by the United States, who fly   jets that are refueled in the air by American planes. And Yemenis often find the remains of   munitions, as they did in the ruins after a strike that killed more than 100 mourners at a funeral last month. Graffiti on walls across Sana reads: “America is killing the Yemeni people. ”   Donald J. Trump has not said whether he will continue United States support for the war, but has been very critical of Saudi Arabia, saying it does not “survive without us. ” At a rally in January, he said Iran was “going into Yemen” and was “going to have everything” in the region, but he did not clarify how he would respond. The sweeping destruction of civilian infrastructure has led analysts and aid workers to conclude that hitting Yemen’s economy is part of the coalition’s strategy. “The economic dimension of this war has become a tactic,” said Jamie McGoldrick, the United Nations’ humanitarian coordinator for Yemen. “It is all consistent  —   the port, the bridges, the factories. They are getting destroyed, and it is to put pressure on the politics. ” In a written response to questions, a coalition spokesman, Maj. Gen. Ahmed Asseri, said the air campaign had halted the rebels’ advance, destroyed 90 percent of their rockets and aircraft and pressured them to join talks aimed at ending the war. He denied that the coalition sought to inflict suffering on civilians and said only facilities connected to the war effort had been hit. He blamed the rebel group, the Houthis, for the humanitarian crisis. “This is primarily the responsibility of the rebels, who have displaced Yemen’s legitimate government and who are impeding the flow of humanitarian supplies,” General Asseri said. Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf countries are also among the top donors of aid to Yemen. So even as they undermine its   they help sustain the population. The air campaign’s civilian toll has led to calls by some American lawmakers to postpone arms sales to Saudi Arabia. “It is a significant moral outrage that we continue to provide arms to Saudi Arabia and to participate in military operations in Yemen,” said Representative Ted Lieu, a Democrat from California who was a military prosecutor in the Air Force. “The United States is at risk of aiding and abetting war crimes in Yemen. ” The difficulty in just getting to Yemen demonstrates how much the war has upended the country. The internationally recognized government is based in Saudi Arabia and in the south of Yemen. For a recent   trip to Sana and surrounding areas, a photographer and I had to obtain visas from the Houthis. We could not book flights into Sana because the   coalition had halted all commercial air traffic. The United Nations allowed us onto an aid flight. As soon as we touched down, we saw traces of the war: the scattered carcasses of destroyed airplanes along the runway. Once in Yemen, we were told that we could not go anywhere without a representative of the Houthis. He was with us whenever we left the hotel. We did not visit military sites, which the coalition has heavily bombed to destroy the ballistic missiles that the rebels have fired into the kingdom, killing civilians. But the damage and suffering caused by the war were everywhere. Beggars displaced by the fighting thronged our car, pleading for money and food. Buildings destroyed by airstrikes dotted the capital: the Defense and Interior Ministries, the army and central security headquarters, the Police Academy and Officers’ Club, the Sana Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the homes of officials who had joined the rebels. The conflict has split the country, with forces backed by gulf nations and nominally loyal to the exiled president in the south and east, where Al Qaeda and the Islamic State have staged deadly attacks. But in the areas we visited in Yemen’s northwest, the rebels were firmly in control, their gunmen running checkpoints alongside police officers who had joined them. In Sana’s Old City, posters of “martyrs” killed in the war covered entire buildings. Trucks with mounted machine guns, carrying fighters, occasionally sped by.   across the city was the Houthis’ rallying cry: “God is great. Death to America. Death to Israel. Curse on the Jews. Victory for Islam. ” On the edge of town, Yemeni families snapped photos of the ruins of a reception center that the coalition hit with two airstrikes in a single attack last month while the   interior minister was receiving condolences for his deceased father. Human Rights Watch called the attack on the funeral “an apparent war crime. ” United Nations officials gave us photos of remnants found at the site that indicated it had been hit with at least one       bomb. American warplanes routinely use that class of bomb, and the United States has provided such bombs to the Saudi military. On an expanse of rocky ground near the town of Khamer northwest of the capital, where they have been since fleeing their homes last year, hundreds of families have built shelters out of canvas, plastic sheeting and mud bricks. Most survive on charity, eating rice and bread cooked on mud stoves fired with wood or garbage. In one tent, Farea Gayid, 55, said he had worked as an army engineer until his unit collapsed when the airstrikes began. An attack near his home killed his neighbors, so he and his family fled on foot. A trucker gave them a ride to Khamer, so they settled there, joining the more than 2. 5 million Yemenis who the United Nations says are internally displaced. In August, the government could no longer afford to pay Mr. Gayid his $200 monthly salary. “Now my children beg in the market,” he said. “If the situation continues like this, there is no future. ” While the war spawned Yemen’s humanitarian crisis, aid workers say coalition bombings of critical infrastructure have exacerbated it. Before the war, Yemen imported 90 percent of its food, mostly through the Red Sea port of Hodeida. Last year, the coalition bombed the port, damaging its cranes. Now ships often wait for weeks at sea to unload, and some goods are close to expiration by the time they arrive, said Mr. McGoldrick, the United Nations official. The coalition has also bombed key bridges, including the main one between the port and the capital, forcing truckers to take long detours. “It is an   applied economic suppression and strangulation that is causing everyone here to feel it,” Mr. McGoldrick said. “The collapse of the economy is starting to bite very hard. ” According to the World Food Program, 14. 4 million of Yemen’s 26 million people do not have enough food, and malnutrition is rising. The suffering is clear in the capital. “What’s missing? Everything!” said Manal   a doctor in Sana’s main pediatric hospital. “We lack medical staff, nurses and medicine. ” Upstairs, nearly every room contained a malnourished baby. Most had been born to mothers who had fled the war and were too disturbed or malnourished to   normally, said Ali   a nurse. In one room lay    twin girls, Ruqaya and Suqaina, both with sunken cheeks. “We lost everything because of the war,” their grandmother Shariya   said when asked why the girls were so small. “All we brought with us were our clothes. ” The destruction in Yemen could cripple its economy long into the future, and it is unclear how the country will rebuild. “They have hit many factories on the basis of suspicion, but we never get the real reasons,” said   Al Manj, a lawyer at the Sana Chamber of Commerce and Industry who is helping businesses document the strikes with an eye toward future prosecution. “Any institution that has a big hangar, they hit it directly. ” Some businesses said they suspected they were targets only because they continued to operate after the Houthi takeover. “For Saudi Arabia, we are all Houthis,” said Haroon   of the   Amran Cement Factory, which once employed 1, 500 people before it was bombed  twice. Plant workers showed us the remains of munitions they had collected, including pieces of at least one   a cluster bomb unit that contains 10   submunitions. They are manufactured by Textron Defense Systems of Rhode Island. General Asseri, the coalition spokesman, said it had “no interest in damaging any aspect of the Yemeni economy,” and had made great efforts to avoid harming civilians. He declined to provide details about specific sites, but said the coalition had “accurate intelligence” that the sites we visited were “being used by militias to store weapons and ammunition or a    center. ” The war has left nothing untouched for the Alsonidar brothers, Khalid and Abdullah, who own a group of factories outside Sana. The family works with an Italian company, Caprari, to produce agricultural water pumps. It also owns a brick factory, which was out of use, and was preparing to open a factory to produce metal pipes to go with the pumps, also with an Italian partner. Twice in September, the compound was bombed, destroying all three factories. Saudi news reports said the factories had produced rockets for the rebels, a charge the brothers denied. They and their Italian partners have written to the United Nations to state that the factories could not produce military technology, and to call for an investigation, which is continuing, they said. “We’re not talking about something useless,” Abdullah Alsonidar said. “We’re talking about infrastructure and people’s lives. Strikes like this can bring a family to the ground. ” Remains of munitions that the brothers found at the site indicate that it was hit with   weapons, including one with   equipment that was made in October 2015.",0
10674,Saudi Arabia to behead disabled man for taking part in protests,"Posted on November 5, 2016 by DCG | 3 Comments 
From The Independent : Saudi Arabia is set to behead a disabled man for taking part in anti-government protests. 
A specialised criminal court in Riyadh , the Arab kingdom’s capital, sentenced Munir al-Adam, to death for “attacks on police” and other offences they said took place during protests in the Shia-dominated east in late 2011 . 
The 23-year-old is partially blind and was already partially deaf at the time of arrest; he alleges he is now completely deaf in one ear as a result of being severely beaten by police. His family issued a statement rejecting the verdict and claiming that Mr. Adam was tortured into confessing, The Times reported. 
The steel cable worker said he had only signed a document admitting the offences after being repeatedly beaten. He said he had been accused of “sending texts” when he was too poor to own a mobile phone. 
Forty-seven protesters and alleged supporters of al-Qaeda were executed in a single day in January. In July, the number of beheadings in Saudi Arabia reached 108 this year, putting the country, which has a population of nearly 29 million people, on track to exceed its 2015 execution total. 
Saudi Arabia is one of the world’s most prolific executioners. Research last year by human rights organisation Reprieve found that, of those identified as facing execution in Saudi Arabia, some 72 per cent were sentenced to death for non-violent alleged crimes, while torture and forced confessions were common. 
“Munir Adam’s appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman’s blade,” said Maya Foa, of Reprieve. “Saudi Arabia’s close allies, including the UK, must urge the kingdom to release Munir, along with juveniles and others who were sentenced to death for protesting.” 
The traditionally close relationship between Saudi Arabia and Britain has become strained in the past year as people in the West have protested against the use of the death penalty, including against minors. Protests also erupted across the Middle East in January. 
Sara Hashah, Amnesty International’s Middle East and North Africa spokesperson, said Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Iran were responsible for 90 per cent of all recorded executions globally and were out of step with the rest of the world . 
“In Saudi Arabia, where people are routinely sentenced to death after grossly unfair trials, we have seen a dramatic surge in the number of executions in the past two years which has shown no sign of abating in 2016,” she told The Independent in July. 
“This clearly demonstrates that Saudi Arabia’s authorities are increasingly out of step with a global trend of states moving away from the death penalty. “Saudi Arabia’s authorities must end their reliance on this cruel, inhuman and degrading form of punishment immediately.” 
Mr. Adam was reportedly detained in February 2012 for taking part in protests in his home town of Qatif the previous year, when he was 18 years old. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG",0
10675,Why Would Anyone Get the Flu Vaccine?,"Holistic Medicine 
It is beyond belief that I have to continue to write about the problems with the flu vaccine. The flu vaccine has a long history of not protecting the vast majority who receives if from becoming ill with the flu. Nor does it change mortality rates. Nor does it change hospitalization rates. 
The flu vaccine is ineffective for the elderly—the most susceptible group recommended to receive annual injections. Although the Powers-That-Be will say the flu vaccine is approximately 50% effective, the real data provides a different picture. (I have written about this many times in my newsletter and in blog posts. Go here to read one post: http://blog.drbrownstein.com/the-truth-about-the-flu-vaccine/ ). 
The Cochrane Collaboration, an independent group who does not take Big Pharma Cartel money has reported that the flu vaccine does not protect adults against influenza nor does it affect the number of people hospitalized for the flu. Furthermore, Cochrane scientists have reported that the flu vaccine does not prevent people from missing work due to influenza illness. (1) 
There is not one randomized, double-blind controlled study that shows the flu vaccine is effective at preventing the flu. Not one. In fact, there are studies that show those who get the flu vaccine are more susceptible to other viral agents. 
Do all hospital workers need to be vaccinated with the flu vaccine? There is not a single study showing that this practice is effective. 
I would take this a step further: no one needs a flu vaccine since it fails well over 50% who receives one. 
Conventional doctors are proud to say they practice evidence-based medicine. The next time your health care provider tells you to get a flu vaccine, ask them to show you the evidence that the flu vaccine works. If they were truly practicing evidence-based medicine, they would refuse to vaccinate with a product that fails well over 50% who receives it. 
(1) Cochrane Database of Systemic Review, 2010. Issue 7. Art No. CD001269 
Read the full article at Dr.Brownstein.com. 
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device!",0
10676,Kanye West Visits Donald Trump - The New York Times,"After weeks of reports of severe exhaustion and ensuing hospitalization, Kanye West walked into Trump Tower on Tuesday morning. Journalists who caught a glimpse of the musician entering the tightly guarded building in Manhattan took to Twitter to document the strange spectacle. Mr. West’s appearance occurred shortly before former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas was named as   Donald J. Trump’s pick to lead the Energy Department  —   the same agency that Mr. Perry said during the 2012 presidential race that he wanted to abolish. For Mr. Trump, the visit was another   stuffed into a series of more consequential events, including the possibility of a showdown with Republicans in Congress over intelligence reports that Russia may have interfered in the election. Once Mr. West returned to the lobby with Mr. Trump, he didn’t provide much information about the reasons for his visit. “We’ve been friends for a long time,” Mr. Trump told reporters. Asked what he and Mr. West talked about, he responded: “Life. We discussed life. ” Mr. West’s visit was probably a welcome one for the  . It came hours after Mr. Trump’s   announcement on Monday that he would refrain from any new business deals with his real estate company while in the Oval Office. In addition, the focus this past week has been on Mr. Trump’s potential conflicts of interest as president, which would include the growing cadre of billionaires and multimillionaires he wants to install in his cabinet. There is also substantial interest around his choice for secretary of state: Rex W. Tillerson, the chief executive of Exxon Mobil, who has friendly ties with the Russians. For his part, Mr. West dodged questions about the possibility of performing at Mr. Trump’s inauguration in January. The rapper only smiled at reporters and said, “I just want to take a picture right now. ” It is unclear why the musician and sometime fashion designer stepped out from a reported recovery and into the center of the media circus at Trump Tower, but Hope Hicks, Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, said in an email that Mr. West had requested the meeting. “The meeting was requested by Kanye and we were delighted to host him,” Ms. Hicks wrote, adding, “They had a very positive and productive conversation. ” She did not elaborate, but later in the afternoon, Mr. West said on Twitter that he wanted to meet with Mr. Trump to discuss “multicultural issues” that included “bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums and violence in Chicago. ” He added: “I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change. ” Much about Mr. West’s public presence has been a mystery of late. He abruptly canceled his Saint Pablo tour in November after a series of unsettling concert appearances. He was hospitalized in what was characterized in   dispatches as a “psychiatric emergency. ” In one   rant a few weeks ago, Mr. West voiced his support for Mr. Trump and ended the performance, much to the shock and disappointment of his fans. “Yeah, I’m taking his lead,” Mr. West said of Mr. Trump, after spending some time railing against the news media and praising Mr. Trump’s policy against political correctness. His statements, some of which targeted his contemporaries in the music industry, including Jay Z and Beyoncé, came weeks after his wife, Kim Kardashian West, was robbed at gunpoint in a Paris apartment. Mr. West has expressed interest in politics before,  declaring in a rambling speech last year that he wanted to run for president in 2020. He has also been an outspoken critic of politicians. In 2005, he lashed out at a sitting president on live TV, declaring during a   for Hurricane Katrina victims, “George Bush doesn’t care about black people. ” Mr. Bush later called Mr. West’s criticism a “disgusting moment” for his presidency. On Tuesday, Mr. West’s relationship with the Trump administration seemed to be off to a rosier start. When the two said their goodbyes, Mr. Trump leaned in to say something to Mr. West, then headed back into the elevator with his daughter Ivanka.",0
10677,Russia’s first driverless electronic bus unveiled at Skolkovo,"Russia’s first driverless electronic bus unveiled at Skolkovo October 28, 2016 Gazeta.ru ‘Matrёshka’ self-driving bus could hit the streets as early as 2017 Facebook 1 / 5 
At Moscow’s Skolkovo Innovation Center, ""Matrёshka"" (“Matryoshka”) the first electronic driverless bus was revealed. This is the first vehicle of its kind in Russia, and it is designed to carry up to eight passengers. The debut took place at the annual international forum of innovative development, ""Open Innovation"", which runs Oct. 26-28, 2016, reports the news agency Moscow. 
The bus is controlled by computers and is equipped with self-learning software. There are specialized sensors and cameras on board which are able to observe the situation on the road in real-time. With a full battery, the bus can travel 80 miles, with a maximum speed of 20 mph. Testing for the bus was supposed to start in October this year, it was earlier reported, in a closed area of the Skolkovo Innovation Center. Production of the bus is planned for 2017 at the Volgabus factory in Vladimirsky Region. It was also reported that the Volgabus factory created the first Russian self-driving bus. 
First published in Russian by Gazeta.ru . Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook",0
10678,"100,000 Soldiers and Police on New Year’s Eve Streets of ’State of Emergency’ France","Still on the highest level of alert after a series of deadly terror attacks, France will see unprecedented numbers of security personnel on duty on New Year’s Eve. [Weeks after the French government extended the national State of Emergency  —   already in place for over a year  —   thousands of police, crowd control specialists, and soldiers will protect celebrations from terror attacks.  France’s Le Figaro reports among the near 100, 000 force deployed tonight will be 52, 500 police officers, 5, 600 border police, 4, 000 members of the specially trained   Republican Security Companies, and officers of the elite   RAID force. This force will be backed up by tens of thousands of soldiers presently deployed on Operation Sentinel, the French military mission providing security to the mainland since the November 2015 Bataclan attack which killed 130. The deployment has predominantly focused on protecting schools, synagogues, railway stations, and other public sites considered prime terror targets. Speaking to the press one officer involved in planning the layered defence for New Year’s Eve celebrations said: “The security measures take into account the terrorist risk and in particular the new operating modes which use a vehicle such as a truck as a weapon”. Measures include the deployment of concrete blocks like those seen in Berlin after the Christmas market attack, and heavy government vehicles parked as improvised roadblocks. Similar deployments are to be seen on New Year’s Eve in New York where dozens of garbage trucks loaded with sand are to be deployed around Times Square to prevent   attacks like those seen in France and Germany this year. In addition to these measures, restrictions on the sale of alcohol, fireworks, and petrol will also be in place. Other powers granted by the state of emergency including the ability to enforce house arrest for those considered to pose a threat and the power for police to close down gatherings and meetings remain in place. While Nice  —   already the target of one of the most deadly terror attacks in France ever this year  —   are witnessing comparatively limited police deployments of a few hundred officers and soldiers, other cities are seeing more. Strasbourg, the second home of the European Parliament will see over 600 men deployed for security. France’s   cities aren’t the only settlements seeing major security deployments for New Year’s Eve. Breitbart London reported today with exclusive pictures the situation in the United Kingdom’s capital, with extensive measures in place to prepare. In addition to officers and concrete barriers on the street, the Metropolitan Police announced they would be staging regular armed patrols on underground trains over the course of the evening.",0
10679,"Economy Gains 227,000 Jobs in January Under President Trump - Breitbart","The U. S. economy gained 227, 000 jobs in January according to statistics released by the Labor Department on Friday, while unemployment ticked up slightly to 4. 8 percent. [Wages also increased 2. 5 percent compared to January 2016, rising six cents in December.  The economy added 157, 000 jobs in December and unemployment stood at 4. 7 percent. A number of companies announced before Trump’s inauguration they planned to expand in the U. S. not overseas, and hire American workers. These included Ford, SAP SE, Amazon. com, Lockheed Martin, GM, Bayer AG, Walmart, and many more. Employers have also found themselves managing a tighter employment market, according to the New York Times: Regardless of government estimates, however, employers across sectors and across the nation have increasingly complained about the difficulty of finding workers, a competition that kept the increase in the average hourly wage ahead of a 1. 6 percent price inflation rate. “We’re still continuing to see wage pressure as the candidate market continues to shrink,” said Amy Glaser, senior vice president of Adecco Staffing USA, which has 300 branch offices. In addition to the omnipresent hunger for engineers, Ms. Glaser said there is a demand for those with   trade skills like welding that fell into disuse during the recession, as well as   warehouse and light assembly workers. “Employers are getting very creative,” said Ms. Glaser, whose office is in Lexington, Ky. “We’re seeing   bonuses. They have added sabbaticals to their packages, increases to stock options, free child care on site and free meals. Anything to get a competitive edge. ” After Election Day, many companies, especially small businesses, responded with soaring optimism. During his inaugural address, Trump said: “We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American. ”",0
10680,Woman Wearing ’Moms Demand Action’ Button: Murdering President Trump On Stage is Just ’Theater’ - Breitbart,"A woman wearing a Moms Demand Action button on her lapel told Inside Edition that the depiction of President Trump being murdered on stage is just “theater” and “everybody knows it’s theater. ”[The comments come as Delta, Bank of America, and other sponsors withdraw funding the New York City Theater company over a ‘Julius Caesar’ adaptation in which a man who looks a lot like President Trump is depicted as stabbed to death on stage. In fact, Fox News reports that Bank of America said it would not have funded the production in the first place, had they known the stabbing scene would involve someone resembling our President.  But the woman wearing the Moms Demand Action button sees nothing wrong with the depiction of President Trump being “murdered on stage. ” She told Inside Edition, “I don’t think it’s disrespectful for the President to be murdered on stage. It’s not really the President, it’s theater, everybody knows it’s theater. ” The woman in the Moms Demand Action button speaks at the 1:10 mark in the video:   AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.    ",0
10681,Thousands of Wild Bison Appear At Standing Rock Out Of Nowhere! A Sign From Mother Earth?,"Alternative News Thousands of Wild Bison Appear At Standing Rock Out Of Nowhere! A Sign From Mother Earth? 
For those of you who may not know, the largest Native American protest in HISTORY is happening right now . Over 500 Native American tribes from all over North, Central, and South America as well as Canada, all uniting under one cause: Protection of our water from greedy corporate interests. 
It certainly hasn’t been easy. Just this week alone hundreds of innocent people have been assaulted and arrested just for occupying the land the corporation behind the Dakota Access Pipeline stole using imminent domain. 
Its been a major struggle for our water protectors. Not just because of the rampant violence they’ve had to face from police hired by the pipeline builders, but also because they are literally living in a camp set up in a field right now. Do you have any idea how cold it’s already getting there and it’s not even winter yet? TOO COLD. 
They’ve certainly been needing a pick-me-up.. And they just got one! (Video at the bottom of this article) 
According to White Wolf Pack , a Native American website: 
“The great bison or buffalo of North America is a very powerful symbol to American Indians. Though best suited to cooler climates, bison roamed virtually in entire continent. 
The smaller woodlands bison and its bigger cousin, the plains bison were revered and honored in ceremony and everyday life. To the plains Indian, our Bison Brother meant sacred life and the abundance of the Creator’s blessing on Mother Earth. 
The bison is powerful medicine that is a symbol of sacrifice and service to the community. The bison people agreed to give their lives so the American Indian could have food, shelter and clothing. 
The bison is also a symbol of gratitude and honor as it is happy to accept its meager existence as it stands proud against the winds of adversity. 
The bison represents abundance of the Creator’s bounty and respect for all creation knowing that all things are sacred.” The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement’s “militarized” response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause. 
“Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening. 
“We won’t step down from this fight,” he added. “As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.”” 
",0
10682,"An Appraisal: Leonard Cohen, Master of Meanings and Incantatory Verse - The New York Times","Leonard Cohen, who was 82 when he died on Monday, was young once. That can be hard to remember after his years of public,   eminence: touring arenas while he was in his 70s and playing leisurely    shows that seemed to slow down time itself. He intoned his songs with serene gravity, revealing once again how carefully chiseled every one of his quatrains is. And with every line he shared, implicitly and in his lyrics, there was a humbling knowledge of mortality: one that grows even more significant on Mr. Cohen’s final studio album, “You Want It Darker,” which was released less than a month ago. In “Who By Fire,” from 1974, one of his many songs that is both a list and an incantation, he itemized causes and sites of death, getting morbid while keeping a hint of puckishness: Mr. Cohen was aware, always, of every option. In his concerts, Mr. Cohen played the venerable sage, dapper in his suits and precisely angled hats. He was also sly and avuncular, making droll, deadpan comments in his sepulchral voice. He had aged to match the perspective he had brought to his lyrics since the late 1960s: a long view that stretched back to biblical and psychological archetypes and envisioned myth and history  —   and the   economy of Zen koans  —   far more often than the everyday. Perhaps because he was already in his 30s when he set aside novels and poetry for songwriting, he was a   from the start. Mr. Cohen was a monumentally painstaking songwriter who described, in interviews, a process of endless writing and rewriting for his lyrics. By his accounts, he tinkered with some of his songs for years on end. That meticulousness was obvious in the songs he did release, which he did in no great hurry: 14 studio albums in 49 years. Bob Dylan’s   associations were sometimes a   influence, particularly on Mr. Cohen’s   albums, but the Cohen trademark was the   paradox, the finely balanced lyrics that can be deliberately heard (and read) in contradictory ways: reverence or blasphemy, affection or animosity, reportage or mockery, tragedy or comedy. “Everybody Knows,” a dark masterpiece of bitter cynicism from 1988 that Mr. Cohen wrote with the singer Sharon Robinson, opens with politics that still ring unfortunately true: Then, because political battles are not always physically felt, the song’s catalog of betrayals veers toward the personal: “Everybody knows that you’ve been   give or take a night or two. ” As serious as he was, Mr. Cohen was always frisky too. His first albums, especially, are suffused with appreciative eroticism and sensuality: describing a lover with “your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy golden storm” in “Hey, That’s No Way to Say Goodbye,” or recalling, with explicit details, a tryst with Janis Joplin in “Chelsea Hotel #2,” which has her declaring, “We are ugly but we have the music. ” The Cohen song that became an unlikely pop perennial, “Hallelujah,” veers between biblical allusions and ecstatic sex. In its melody and chord progression, “Hallelujah,” which has been subjected to renditions both humble and bombastic, points to something Mr. Cohen’s countless literary admirers don’t mention: He understood tunes, and he knew they were more than just backdrops to his words. It’s one thing  —   a complicated, prodigious thing  —   to write such fastidious lyrics, and then to mock that fastidiousness by rhyming “Hallelujah” with “what’s it to ya. ” It’s another to carry them in a melody that, once created, seems to sing itself. “Hallelujah” is a   succession of tensions and releases, which stay no less magical despite the way Mr. Cohen analyzes them in the first verse of his lyrics: “the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. ” Mr. Cohen had to cope with the limitations of his vocal cords. That’s why his first exposure, with songs like the    conundrums of “Famous Blue Raincoat,” came via the prettier voices of singers like Judy Collins. In Mr. Cohen’s early years he was a low tenor, decent enough technically and smart enough as a melody writer to keep his songs where he could sing them. On his debut album, “Songs of Leonard Cohen,” the producer John Simon gave Mr. Cohen exactly as much counterpoint as he needed, although Mr. Cohen complained, in a 1967 interview with The Village Voice, “They tried to make my songs into music. ” Later, as his voice plummeted down to a   bass register, he used the voices of women  —   as angels, consorts, muses, ghosts  —   to provide melodies around him. Mr. Cohen was clearly aware of how many of his album titles insisted that his work was music above all: “Songs from a Room,” “Songs of Love and Hate,” “Recent Songs,” “Ten New Songs. ” Sometimes, he tried to be palatable to pop radio. He delved widely across idioms, writing not just   folk and pop but tunes that hinted at rock, blues, country, klezmer, Viennese waltzes and Greek rebetika  —   even disco on the   trenchant “I’m Your Man” in 1988. And in one of the most improbable (and mismatched) collaborations in pop history, Mr. Cohen made his 1977 album “Death of a Ladies’ Man” with Phil Spector. Mr. Cohen could frustrate his listeners by treating some albums, like the 2004 record “Dear Heather,” merely as skeletal demos. One of the benefits of his   touring was that he rescued some songs from misbegotten studio arrangements. On his final studio albums  —   in 2012, 2014 and 2016  —   he collaborated with an unexpected and adept fan: the producer Patrick Leonard, who wrote and produced “Like a Prayer,” among many other songs, with Madonna. Yet it’s inevitable that Mr. Cohen will be remembered above all for his lyrics. They are terse and acrobatic, scriptural and bawdy, vividly descriptive and enduringly ambiguous, never far from either a riddle or a punch line. “There is a crack in  ’s how the light gets in,” he advised in “Anthem. ” His final ruminations on his last album, “You Want It Darker,” were on mortality, love and a divinity that he faced and questioned to the very end. “Steer your way through the pain that is far more real than  ’s smashed the cosmic model, that blinded every   please don’t make me go there, though there be a God or not,” he intoned in “Steer Your Way. ” In his last songs, as always, he sought stark truth before comfort.",0
10683,STUDY: Trump’s Border Wall Could Save $64 Billion Over 10 Years,"A new study by the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) reveals savings created by reducing illegal immigration through an effective border wall could save taxpayers $64 billion over the next ten years. [Even a small reduction in the numbers of illegal border crossings could save enough money to pay for the estimated $12 to $15 billion cost of building the wall promised by President Donald Trump during his presidential campaign. The conclusions of the analysis by CIS’ Director of Research Dr. Steven Camarota are based on fiscal estimated developed by the Naional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NAS). The NAS calculated the fiscal impact of impacts  —   taxes paid minus costs, Camarota wrote.  Camarota offers the following conclusions from his study: The report of fiscal costs of immigrant border crossers is based on “net present value” (NPV). This process has a net effect of reducing the size of the net drain on economic resources based on their education level. “Rhe actual net lifetime fiscal cost of illegal   given their education levels, is possibly $140, 000 to $150, 000 each in their lifetimes if the NPV concept is not used,” Camarota stated. A copy of the complete report is attached below. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. Center for Immigration Studies  —   Camarota Wall Costs by Bob Price on Scribd, ",0
10684,15 Foods That Contain The Most Vitamin E,"in: General Health What is Vitamin E? Vitamin E is an important fat-soluble antioxidant compound that aids the body in neutralizing the harmful after-effects of oxidation of fats. Current research is even looking into the important role that this vitamin plays in stopping free-radical production, a key method of preventing the development of chronic diseases and aging. It is also a vital element in the overall maintenance of a healthy immune system. Some studies are even looking into its role in preventing degenerative mental imbalances such as dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. And while many of us may do well in taking extra vitamin E supplements, we can use an organic diet to get a large amount of the daily requirements for this powerful antioxidant lipid. In fact, there are many common foods with vitamin E. You probably have a few in your house right now. Foods With Vitamin E Here are fifteen foods with vitamin E that you should strongly consider adding to your diet. 1. Almonds Almonds are one the best vitamin E foods. Just an ounce of almonds offers a whopping 7.4 milligrams of vitamin E. You can also get your vitamin E needs in the form of almond milk and almond oils. We would recommend eating raw almonds, if possible. 2. Raw Seeds Select raw seeds , such as sunflower, pumpkin and sesame, are another common food with vitamin E. In fact, eating just ¼ of a cup of sunflower seeds gives you 90.5% of your recommended daily value, making them one of the best vitamin E foods you can eat daily. 3. Swiss Chard Swiss chard is easily one of the healthiest vegetables you can eat on a daily basis. Commonly known to be high in vitamin K, vitamin A and vitamin C, Swiss chard is another food high in vitamin E. Just one cup of boiled swiss chard greens will provide you with almost 17% of your daily recommended values. 4. Mustard Greens Similar to swiss chard, mustard greens are very nutrient dense and will provide a variety of health benefits. Not only are they one of the best vitamin E foods, but mustard greens are also high in vitamin K, vitamin A, folate , and vitamin c. Eating just one cup of boiled mustard greens contains about 14% of your daily dietary requirements. We would recommend eating organic mustard greens, if possible. 5. Spinach Spinach may not be your favorite veggie, but it is one of the best leafy greens you can add to your diet. Not only is it one of the best calcium foods and naturally high in folate, it’s also one of the best vitamin E foods as well. Just one cup of boiled spinach will provide you with approximately 20% of your daily needs. Try adding fresh spinach to your sandwiches to make them extra healthy. 6. Turnip Greens While turnip greens may have a slightly bitter taste, they are very high in many essential nutrients. Like the rest of the leafy greens on this list, just one cup will provide you with plenty of vitamin K, vitamin A, vitamin C and folate. Not to mention approximately 12% of your daily requirements of vitamin E. 7. Kale Kale is another great cruciferous vegetable you should eat as often as possible. Kale is very high in many nutrients, in fact, just one cup of boiled kale can give you almost 6% of your daily vitamin E requirements. We would recommend eating organic kale, if possible. 8. Plant oils Most plant seed oils are very good sources for Vitamin E as well. The best oil with vitamin E is Wheat germ oil. In fact, one tablespoon of this oil holds 100% of your daily Vitamin E requirements. Sunflower oil is another excellent option, as it provides over 5 mg of the vitamin, and can easily be be used for cooking. Other great Vitamin-E-rich oils include hempseed oil, coconut oil, cottonseed oil (with almost 5 mg of vitamin E), olive oil and safflower oil. We would recommend only buying oils that are cold pressed unrefined and organic. 9. Hazelnuts A perfect snack during a long workday, eating just one ounce of hazelnuts can provide you with approximately 20% of our daily requirements of vitamin E. For an alternative to eating nuts, try drinking hazelnut milk in your morning coffee instead of milk or flavored creamer. 10. Pine Nuts Add an ounce of these nuts to anything you please! One serving contains 2.6 mg of vitamin E. You can also use pine nut oil for added health benefits. 11. Avocado Perhaps one of the tastiest foods with Vitamin E, avocados represent natures creamiest, oil-rich food. Just half of an avocado holds more than 2 mg of vitamin E. Avocados are very easy to incorporate into your diet. We would recommend adding sliced avocados to your salad, a sandwich, or mashed up as guacamole! 12. Broccoli For generations now, broccoli has been considered one of the best detox foods , but it’s also one of the healthiest foods high in Vitamin E. Just one cup of steamed broccoli will provide you with 4% of your daily requirements. Broccoli may not be as nutrient dense as other Vitamin E foods on this list, but it is definitely one of the healthiest foods you can eat daily. 13. Parsley An excellent spice, parsley is another great Vitamin E food. Try adding fresh parsley to salads and dishes for an extra Vitamin-E kick. Dried parsley will also provide you with this important vitamin, but the fresher the better. 14. Papaya This popular fruit is most commonly known as one of the best vitamin C foods , but it’s also high in Vitamin E. Just one papaya will give you approximately 17% of your daily needs. Try adding fresh or frozen papaya to fruit smoothies, along with other fruity vitamin E foods on this list for an extra healthy snack! 15. Olives From the oil to the fruit, eating olives is an excellent way of getting your daily needs for vitamin E. Just one cup of olives can give you approximately 20% of your daily recommended amount. These are just a few examples of foods with vitamin E. There are plenty more that aren’t listed here. Which vitamin E food is your favorite? Let’s hear your thoughts below. Submit your review",0
10685,The Logic Barrier,"Charles Robinson Master Bug Finder Extraordinaire 
Brad was brought in as a new hire to work on improvements for a big-name ERP system. His supposed role would be that of the ""input guy"" for a new I/O module where engineers would enter some numbers, they would be crunched, and it would output a wireframe design of what they needed to build. While he got started, the development manager Cindy assured him they'd have an ""output guy"" soon enough. 
A month passed while Brad was making good progress. One Monday, Cindy walked up to his desk with a tall, dark-haired gentleman in tow. ""Brad, this is Dmitry, your 'output guy'."" 
""Hello Bard. I am Dmitry. Please to see you,"" he introduced himself with a firm handshake and large grin. 
After Dmitry got settled in, Cindy came back to Brad and told him in a hushed tone, ""He just got here from Russia. He might be a little hard to understand, but boy can he code! You might need to give him a little guidance since your part of the application comes first, but I'm sure it will work out great!"" 
So began several arduous weeks of Brad working on his input interface about 15 minutes a day, while assisting Dmitry the rest of the time. They got far enough to prepare an end-to-end demo for Cindy. When she arrived, Brad put in the specifications for some plumbing parts he found online. They were passed to Dmitry's code and out came what looked like a reject from Rorschach's inkblot test. 
""Oh no!"" Dmitry cried. ""I think I forget to check in part of code. Need a little more time,"" he requested with a grin and a nod. 
""Brad!"" Cindy shouted, crossing her arms. ""You obviously aren't getting through to Dmitry. Before the next end-to-end test, I want you to test your own components first, then cross-test each other's. I expect better results next time!"" 
Brad ran through his own code exhaustively while Dmitry supposedly did the same. ""Dmitry, I'm ready to exchange code when you are. Everything seems ok on my end."" 
""Oh yes! My code is good, yes. Add a few more DLL, more logging. Great now,"" Dmitry assured him. 
Brad attempted to test Dmitry's code but couldn't even get it to run. He found several initial run blocks, proving Dmitry never even once ran his code because surely he would have noticed the myriad uninitialized collections and NullReferenceExceptions. 
Brad explained the situation and offered assistance but Dmitry assured him ""No, no. You sit, I code and fix it up."" An hour passed before Brad got an email from Dmitry with a .zip attachment that said ""Deploy new DLL. Code working."" Brad did just that only to find the code NOT working. 
With day turning to night on the Thursday before their Friday demo, Brad decided it would be more efficient to dig in and fix Dmitry's code himself. ""Dmitry, just head home. I have some troubleshooting to do on my code,"" he lied. ""I'll get it fixed up before the demo."" 
""Maybe you need the coding practice!"" Dmitry grinned while putting on his jacket. ""Goodest luck, tomorrow bring great success."" 
Brad committed the changes to Dmitry's code around midnight in what amounted to a complete re-write. Weary, he went home relieved that Cindy would be off his back for a while after the demo. That would give him time to figure out what to do about Dmitry. 
The following afternoon, the demo to Cindy went off without a hitch now that it had been purged of most of Dmitry's code. Cindy was pleased with the results, ""great job gentlemen! How about we go out to the pub to celebrate! I'm buying the first round."" 
Brad would have preferred to go home to collapse, but he couldn't pass up a free drink. The three of them engaged in awkward small talk over a round of beers. Dmitry offered to buy the next round when he switched to vodka. Cindy left after Round 2, leaving Brad and Dmitry who both seemed to have an unquenchable thirst. 
Brad was growing to like Dmitry when he ordered yet another round, putting them on the verge of not being able to stand. Dmitry leaned over to him, bleary eyed and said, ""let me tell you a little secret."" In perfectly clear English but still with a heavy Russian accent, he shared, ""I apologize. I do the broken English thing so people don't expect a lot out of me. It's really the whole logic part of the job that I struggle with. I have a hard time understanding computers. Sorry you had to spend so much time fixing my code."" 
The stunning revelation caused Brad to temporarily snap out of his stupor. When Dmitry went to the bathroom, he pulled out his phone to text Cindy, ""We need to talk about Dmitry on Monday. Don't call me tomorrow, the phone ringing will hurt my head."" [Advertisement] Incrementally adopt DevOps best practices with BuildMaster , ProGet and Otter , creating a robust, secure, scalable, and reliable DevOps toolchain.",0
10686,"Who is Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz and why did he make a film (actually, a Docu-Commentary) for Robert De Niro? “Un-Vaxxed: A Docu-Commentary for Robert De Niro”.","By Nili Nathan 
Posted Friday, October 28, 2016 at 07:48am EDT 
Keywords: autism and vaccines , robert de niro and vaxxed , robert de niro on autism and vaccines , un-vaxxed , vaxxed 
The answer is evident to film festival attendees who were shocked when Robert De Niro, under enormous pressure, pulled the film “VAXXED” from the Tribeca Film Festival. For all others, you may not need to see VAXXED first before you see Un-VAXXED. 
A new film by award-winning author and filmmaker, Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz, contributes more than the “discussion” actor Robert De Niro sought to prompt by screening the controversial film VAXXED at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival in New York. De Niro, whose son, like millions of other children who became vaccine-injured, came under fire from both sides of the vaccination safety debate after “pulling” VAXXED from the event. Agents pressured the Hollywood celebrity to censor that film by producer Del Bigtree and director Andy Wakefield. De Niro later pledged to investigate who caused the censorship, and why. 
“Un-Vaxxed: A Docu-Commentary for Robert DeNiro” was the Overall Grand Jury Winner of Cinema Los Angeles, a Film Festival which takes place annually in central Los Angeles from November 1-2 nd . 
I saw the trailer and the filmmakers, Dr. Leonard Horowitz and Sherri Kane promise to continue the dialogue and contribute to the questions actor Robert De Niro asked while being interviewed on TODAY (April 2016). He wanted answers and an investigation to the autism controversy around vaccines. 
You can see “Un-Vaxxed: A Docu-Commentary for Robert DeNiro” at the World International Film Festival (WIFF) on November 1, 2016 playing at the Crest Theatre, 1262 Westwood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90024. For tickets visit the venue’s website at: 
http://www.crestwestwood.com/events/2016/11/1/cinema-los-angeles-un-vaxxed-a-docu-commentary-for-robert-de-niro 
Bio on Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz taken from his website: Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz is the world’s most prolific, best credential, and most controversial drug industry whistleblower. This award-winning author, film-maker, pharmaceutical industry critic, and intelligence industry analyst has published seventeen books and dozens of peer reviewed scientific articles. Dr. Horowitz’s first of three American bestsellers, Emerging Viruses: AIDS & Ebola–Nature, Accident or Intentional?, is largely credited for prompting the global vaccination risk awareness movement. The book caused several governments to reconsider their “immunization” policies, and became the center of political debate in 2008 when Barack Obama’s minister, Rev. Jeremiah Wright, credited Horowitz and this book for evidencing HIV/AIDS as a genocidal weapon of mass depopulation targeting Africans and African Americans courtesy of covert U.S. military contractors named in the publication. Dr. Horowitz’s second bestseller, Healing Codes for the Biological Apocalypse, prompted a revolution in the music and natural healing industries. The retired dentist and naturopathic physician’s consumer health guidebook, Healing Celebrations: Miraculous Recoveries Through Ancient Scripture, Natural Medicine and Modern Science, pioneered the protocol adopted by thousands of natural healers and doctors worldwide.",0
10687,"Charlie Kirk: Senators Murkowski, Collins Must Go for Opposing DeVos Nomination - Breitbart","In a panel discussing the follies of government at CPAC, Charlie Kirk advocated ousting Senators Lisa Murkowski ( ) and Susan Collins ( ) for voting against Betsy DeVos’ nomination. [Charlie Kirk moderated the panel that featured Tim Carney of the Washington Examiner, Rep. Barry Loudermilk ( ) Jonathan Riches of the Goldwater Institute, and Jonathan Small of the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs.  Charlie Kirk, the founder of Turning Point USA, said, “Look at these problems with education, it’s a tragedy that these two senators, Murkowski and Collins voted no on Betsy DeVos, forcing Vice President Mike Pence to break the first tie ever for a cabinet secretary nomination in the Senate. They have to go. ” The panel discussed many problems of government but quickly centered on the issues surrounding public education. Jonathan Riches started the discussion addressing the failures of public education. He said, “Chicago is a great example of government failure. We have rubber rooms for teachers with disciplinary problems that just cannot be fired. They receive full pay and full pensions. ” Riches outlined reforms for education. He explained, “Do you think that your parents or the government officials have your children’s best interests at heart? We have a chance to enact real educational opportunities. Educational savings accounts and school vouchers offer parents to have a real choice regarding their kids’ education. ” Jonathan Small of the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs said that the real reason Democrats oppose Betsy DeVos’ nomination is that Devos, as education secretary, could rid the Democrats of their chance to indoctrinate America’s youth. He said, “They oppose Betsy DeVos because they are frightened about kids getting out of the indoctrinating children in the school room. Once they lose the ability to control kid’s thoughts, they lose the ability control culture. ” Congressman Loudermilk said that removing regulations in any industry is “all about draining the swamp. ” He continued, “This is the most incredible opportunity for every American to benefit from lower taxes, and for Americans to benefit from an improved school system. ” Charlie Kirk concluded the panel saying, “Now that we control the House and the Senate, we have to hold both Republicans and Democrats accountable. ”",0
10688,Previously Deported Sex Offender Arrested Again,"A previously deported illegal immigrant, who is also a convicted sex offender, was arrested in New Jersey by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents. [Illegal immigrant Javier   37, of Mexico, was arrested after leaving his residence, just weeks after being placed on ICE’s ‘Most Wanted Fugitives’ list, according to an ICE news release.  “Protecting national security, public safety and our borders by identifying and removing dangerous criminal fugitives from our communities is the top priority of our fugitive operations teams,” Field Office Director for the Newark Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) John Tsoukaris said in a statement. “A convicted felon and one of our most wanted fugitives,” Tsoukaris continued. “Mr.   is a threat no more and is in custody awaiting removal from the United States. I commend the hard work and dedication of our officers. ”   was convicted of multiple felonies, including sexually assaulting a minor, selling narcotics and failing to appear in a U. S. court. After being convicted in 2004,   was ordered to be deported by an immigration and swiftly removed from the country and placed back in Mexico days later. ICE officials say sometime after 2004,     the U. S. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
10689,"Brexit, Donald Trump, Jordan: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: •  “Brexit” has begun. Prime Minister Theresa May invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, putting Britain on track to leave the European Union in 2019 and upending the order established after World War II. Here’s what comes next in the country’s march into the unknown. The bloc loses its   economy, and hard questions abound about whether the pivot toward nationalism and   marks the start of a more volatile global era. _____ • China’s   media blasted the Trump administration for “brazenly shirking its responsibility on climate change. ” The country appeared ready to take up global leadership on the issue, which was ceded by the U. S. when President Trump ordered a rollback of environmental rules. Above, a coal furnace at a steel factory in Inner Mongolia. China’s moves to spread its global economic power  —   like an agreement this week by CEFC China Energy to buy a $100 million stake in a boutique investment bank in New York  —   may draw regulatory scrutiny. Separately, a veteran U. S. State Department official is facing charges over hiding ties to Chinese intelligence agents. _____ • “World War III. ” That was one Australian’s assessment the morning after Cyclone Debbie ravaged the northeast coast with   winds and, in some places, nearly 40 inches of rain in just 48 hours. More than 63, 000 people remain without power and damage to the Great Barrier Reef awaits calculation.   Queensland braces for high winds and rainfall today. _____ • In India, two attacks on African students, one by a mob, have raised questions about the country’s racial attitudes and its culture of lawlessness. A video of two students being savagely beaten at a mall circulated widely, prompting government denunciations and a pledge to investigate. Above, Indian police and Africans at the mall on Monday. _____ • The House investigation into possible Russian meddling in the presidential election appears stalled by partisan bickering, but the Senate  pledged to move forward with its own  —   and made a show of nonpartisan unity. We looked back at similar Cold War inquiries, when the hunt was for government spies working for Moscow, for lessons for today’s investigators. _____ • Anbang Insurance Group, the Chinese financial conglomerate, ended talks with the family of Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    over possibly investing billions in a Manhattan skyscraper, 666 Fifth Ave. above. Democratic lawmakers had raised ethics questions, and Mr. Trump is preparing to meet President Xi Jinping at Mr. Trump’s    resort in Florida. • The Walt Disney Company parted ways with one of its former China executives, Meng Dekai, after opening an investigation into allegations that he had signed unauthorized deals with local governments. • Westinghouse Electric, which drove the development of nuclear energy and the electricity grid, filed for bankruptcy, as its corporate parent, Toshiba, tries to survive huge losses from troubled nuclear projects in the American South. • The European Commission blocked the $30 billion merger of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse that would have created Europe’s largest stock market operator. • The investing giant BlackRock is shifting from money managers to machines. “The old way of people sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy  —   that does not work anymore. ” • A new U. S. study suggests that, for every robot per thousand workers, up to six workers lost their jobs. • Samsung’s Galaxy S8, equipped with the   Bixby assistant, looks good, but must avoid battery problems. • U. S. stocks were mixed. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • The price of ivory in China, the world’s biggest market for elephant tusks, has fallen sharply, which may spell a reprieve from the intense poaching of the past decade. [The New York Times] • China widened its crackdown on outsiders who engage with mainland rights lawyers and groups, detaining a Taiwanese activist. [The New York Times] • The U. S. secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, arrives in Turkey for discussions ahead of the expected attack on Raqqa, Syria, one of the last great stronghold of the Islamic State. [The New York Times] • France’s president, François Hollande, wrapped up an Asian tour with a pledge of $2. 6 billion in investments for Indonesia. [ABC News] • A plantation worker on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi was swallowed by a python, and the graphic video showing men cutting his body out has gone viral. [The New York Times] • The bodies of two U. N. researchers were found in a part of Congo where the army has been clashing with rebels. [The New York Times] • The Thai heir to the Red Bull fortune, built on the energy drink   by his grandfather, has kept up a   lifestyle despite charges in a fatal 2012    accident. [Associated Press] • Eleven elephants trapped in an old bomb crater in Cambodia helped push each other out, and villagers pulled the last one out with ropes. [BBC] • Is yoga a part of your morning routine? Here are some moves to make you strong. • For a   she has led the blind with chutzpah (and often, no cane). • A     marinade spiked with fresh citrus juice gives this sweet and spicy roast chicken its fiery character. • The most daring photographer in the Vietnam War is considered to be Catherine Leroy, the French journalist. She survived capture and likely saw the most time in combat of any photographer. She also endured rampant sexism. • “It is a kind of meditation in a way. ” In Norway, women are increasingly taking up hunting, a bastion of macho male culture, looking to connect with nature and the food chain. • And in Taiwan, the days of wealth and power are over for the Chinese Nationalist Party, or Kuomintang, and the party is scrambling to stay relevant. When Russia sold Alaska to the U. S. 150 years ago today, there was consternation on both sides of the Pacific. American critics railed at the principal negotiator, Secretary of State William Seward, calling the sale “Seward’s Folly” and “Seward’s Icebox. ” Russian newspapers are still decrying the deal. The Russians sold because they judged the territory a lost cause. Following the Crimean War with Britain during the   Moscow determined that Britain would take Alaska in any future conflict. The transaction cost the U. S. only $7. 2 million  —   approximately $125 million in today’s dollars  —   to the delight of at least one American paper. “We have made a fair trade,” argued The Charleston Daily News. The editors continued, waxing both righteous and pugnacious, that while Europe quarreled over “Eastern questions and German questions, Brother Jonathan”  —   a national personification and forebear of Uncle Sam  —   “can sit with sublime indifference on the top of the Alleghenies and spit his tobacco into either the Atlantic or Pacific, whittling huge California timber with a clasp knife made of iron out of his mountains, and mix his cobbler with lemons grown in his own tropics, and cooled with ice brought from his own Arctic circle. ” Evan Gershkovich contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.  What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
10690,"CBS’s Dickerson: Lack of Trust In the Media Is Not Because of Trump, Press Ruined Its Reputation ’On Its Own’ - Breitbart","On Friday’s “Hugh Hewitt Show,” CBS’s “Face the Nation” moderator John Dickerson stated that the public doesn’t believe the media anymore “and it’s not because of anything obviously Donald Trump did. The press did all that good work ruining its reputation on its own, and we can have a long conversation about what created that. Part of it, though, is  …    a lot of hysterical coverage about every little last thing that doesn’t warrant it. ”  After Hewitt said that the “media handwringing” has gotten to be too much, Dickerson said, “I agree with you, to a point. You’re absolutely right. Focus on the big things. ” He added, “I think that the problem is, the Flynn matter, and, you know, when you have a press conference like yesterday, you would have liked to have heard somebody and somewhere in the Flynn saga say, you know, he had to resign because we don’t lie to the American people, and just make it  —   and that’s never been said. It’s never been said in this whole thing about, you know, this is about giving misinformation to the American people about a not unimportant thing. And the culture of truth telling that should be a part of a White House is not  —   you don’t get that. You know, the President was loose about the Electoral College thing. He said that for months. Nobody stepped in to say, Mr. President, that’s not right. Or they did, and it’s just no big deal. So that’s  —   and why does that matter? You know why it matters, because little shadings end up to be a big shading at the end. ” Dickerson further stated, “My point is, if you’re going to make a case on honesty grounds and truthfulness grounds, if that’s the turf on which you’re going to hold your press conference and open your press conference, so we’re talking about veracity here, and the importance and necessity of that, then when it comes to veracity in your own backyard, to elide it completely, seems inconsistent with the argument that you’re making in the 77 minute press conference. ” Hewitt then stated that people don’t believe the media anymore, to which Dickerson responded, “Well, yes. I mean, yes, it’s true, and it’s not because of anything obviously Donald Trump did. The press did all that good work ruining its reputation on its own, and we can have a long conversation about what created that. Part of it, though, is what you mentioned about the local weather report, which is to say a lot of hysterical coverage about every little last thing that doesn’t warrant it. Having said that, it doesn’t mean, and in fact, it most explicitly does not mean, that the press just throws out the standards. And one of the roles of the press is to make sure that the President, in the voice of the people, is telling the truth. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
10691,Trump Says FBI Just Righted the Horrible Mistake They Made in July,"DISASTER: Hillary Herself Helped Raise Money Donated to Wife of FBI Dep. Dir. 
FBI Director James Comey attributed the decision to the release of new emails that “appear to be pertinent to the investigation” into Clinton’s private server. 
While Comey explained in a letter to House and Senate leaders on Friday that the FBI would be further investigating the situation, he did not yet know if the newly discovered material would actually be “significant.” 
Nevertheless, Trump and his supporters were ecstatic at one more chance for Clinton to be held accountable for her misconduct, particularly after she managed to escape liability when the FBI initially closed the investigation in July. Advertisement - story continues below 
“Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale that we have never seen before,” Trump said. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made.” 
Trump called the FBI’s first investigation a “grave miscarriage of justice,” but he was optimistic that the mistake was about to be corrected. 
Watch Trump respond to the FBI’s announcement here: 
Hopefully we will know something more solid about the investigation before the rapidly approaching Nov. 8 election. Advertisement - story continues below",0
10692,"The Dark Cypress School of Magic, an American ""Hogwarts""","Thursday, 27 October 2016 The main campus building 
For all the children inspired by the tales of Harry Potter, it will come as a pleasant surprise to learn that Americans themselves have been training in magic for some time. 
One of the most illustrious schools is the Dark Cypress School of Magic in Louisiana. The school is located on an isolated, abandoned sugar plantation along the Bayou Teche. 
Originally founded by a band of escaped French Louisiana slaves in the 1700's, the early school prospered with support from free blacks and creoles of New Orleans. The group used magic to live hidden in the area's swampy wilderness, but were willing to share their secrets with select outsiders. Their core magic teachings centered on Voodoo. 
One of the school's great patrons throughout the 1800's was Marie Laveau, Voodoo Queen of New Orleans. She continued teaching at the school after death. 
In the mid 1800's, macabre writer Edgar Alan Poe visited the group from the East Coast. Poe felt mysteriously called to visit a childhood friend who bought Bayside Plantation in the area. While staying with his friend Poe was secretly contacted and brought to see the school and learn. His spirit has been a regular visitor since his premature and mysterious death in 1849. 
The early school joined forces with some of the planter society as a result of the Last Island Hurricane of 1856. The hurricane demolished a Louisiana barrier island that was a favorite vacation spot for the local rich. About 200 lives were lost on the island in the storm (half of those present) and another 133 lost at sea. 
Many of the spirits of those lost in the hurricane joined the school. A mother and 2 children associated with the Shadows-on-the-Teche Plantation of New Iberia became part of the school's leadership. Frances Weeks and her daughters Mary Ida and Augustine brought knowledge of European-based witchcraft into the curriculum. 
The school acquired 2 ghost ships as a result of this hurricane: the steamers Nautilus and Manilla. 
The campus moved to its present location during the chaos of the civil war. The main school building, a stately Greek Revival style manor house, features a front facade of 2-story, white columns. The grounds boast lovely grand oaks dripping with Spanish moss. The estate is surrounded by swampland, guarded by alligators and spells. 
No roads to the school exist. Any roads that once led to the plantation have long been overgrown and lost. Students reach the school by catching a ghost steamer in New Orleans. The boat travels up a branch of the bayou not shown on any maps. 
Students are notified of their admission to the school each year by receiving a talisman. It appears one morning mysteriously under their pillow. Prospective students should watch for it in mid-March. Make pinkwalrus's  ",0
10693,"Audioslave, Jack Black Join ’Anti-Inaugural Ball’ Lineup","Rock singer Chris Cornell, actor Jack Black and the Los Angeles Freedom Choir have been added to the lineup for the Los Angeles “  Ball” this week, which will be hosted by   supergroup Prophets of Rage. [The concert, which will be held Friday at the Teragram Ballroom, is the latest in a string of events to be held in protest of   Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday.  According to Billboard, Cornell will perform with his former Audioslave bandmates Tom Morello, Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk at the event, marking the band’s first appearance together in 11 years. Prophets of Rage  —   the group that “disrupted” the Republican National Convention in July and afterward launched a nationwide “Make America Rage Again” tour  —   consists of former Rage Against the Machine bandmates Morello, Commerford and Wilk, plus DJ Lord and   of the rap group Cypress Hill and Public Enemy’s Chuck D. Other artists expected to participate in the event include rapper Vic Mensa and Jackson Browne. In a statement, Morello promised the   Ball would be a “celebration of resistance,” including resistance to racism, sexism, homophobia, bullying and Donald Trump. “We are staring down the barrel of a dystopian nightmare unless we act now, unless we fight back now,” Morello said. “We intend to create ‘No Trump Zones’ across the country in our homes, our schools, our places of work, and our concert stages. Bad Presidents make for great music. Join us as we get loud and stand together to defend our rights, our country, and our planet. ” Tickets for the event are reportedly already sold out, though the full concert can be   on the Prophets of Rage Facebook page. The concert is just the latest protest event timed to coincide with Trump’s inauguration. On Saturday, tens of thousands of demonstrators  —   including celebrities like Katy Perry and America Ferrera  —   are expected to join the Women’s March on Washington in a massive display of dissent against Trump’s presidency. Talk show host Chelsea Handler will lead a sister march, the Women’s March on Main, the same day at the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
10694,CodeSOD: A Type of Test,"Remy Porter Remy escaped the enterprise world and now works as a consultant. Editor-in-Chief for TDWTF. 
Unit tests are a wonderful tool for proving that your code works. Ideally, when you’re using other code, like say, the .NET Framework, you don’t write tests that test the framework itself. After all, didn’t Microsoft already do that? 
David T ’s co-worker laughs at your naïveté . Why would you trust Microsoft ? You need to make sure the framework works as advertised. Which is why their unit tests are mostly made up of code like this: [Test] public void It_Converts_DataType_Text_Into_ConcreteType() { const string dataTypeText = ""System.DateTime""; var dataType = Type.GetType(dataTypeText); Assert.IsTrue(dataType == typeof(DateTime)); } [Test] public void It_Converts_String_Into_Given_DataType() { const string data = ""10-10-2014""; const string dataTypeText = ""System.DateTime""; var dataType = Type.GetType(dataTypeText); object newData = Convert.ChangeType(data, dataType); Assert.That(newData, Is.TypeOf<DateTime>()); } 
Now, if the .NET Framework’s ability to load and recognize types ever breaks, David’s team will be the first to know. [Advertisement] Application Release Automation – build complex release pipelines all managed from one central dashboard, accessibility for the whole team. Download and learn more today!",0
10695,"With Blacks Alarmed by His Tone, Trump Meets With Martin Luther King III - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   With tensions escalating between   Donald J. Trump and prominent black leaders, Mr. Trump met privately on Monday with the eldest son of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the holiday devoted to the civil rights hero. The hastily arranged meeting at Trump Tower occurred as Mr. Trump feuded publicly with  Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia, who fought for civil rights alongside Dr. King. It has highlighted the challenges Mr. Trump faces as he prepares to take office on Friday deeply distrusted by minorities across the country, many of whom have been offended by his false allegations that President Obama was born outside the United States, appalled that his candidacy drew backing from white supremacist organizations, and dismayed at policy proposals they consider antithetical to their interests. Mr. Trump on Monday did not address those issues, appearing in the lobby to allow news cameras to capture pictures of him shaking hands with Martin Luther King III, but ignoring questions shouted by reporters about their conversation or his statements about Mr. Lewis. Tentative plans for Mr. Trump to visit the Smithsonian Museum of   History and Culture in Washington, as the nation paused to remember Dr. King, had been shelved in favor of the   session, which lasted just under one hour. But Mr. Trump made sure that journalists had an opportunity to see him with Mr. King, a visual manifestation of his stated aspiration to unite a divided nation. Mr. King said the session, which included a discussion about voting rights, had been “constructive,” and described Mr. Trump as eager to present himself as inclusive. “He said that he is going to represent Americans  —   he’s said that over and over again,” Mr. King, the president of the Drum Major Institute, a progressive New   public policy organization, told reporters. “We will continue to evaluate that. ” On Monday, Mr. King sought to defuse the furor surrounding Mr. Trump’s remarks about Mr. Lewis, saying, “In the heat of emotion, a lot of things get said on both sides. ” Mr. King has pressed for the creation of a free photographic government identification card to make it easier for Americans who do not have driver’s licenses, including many black voters, to cast ballots, and he indicated on Monday that Mr. Trump had taken an interest in the plan. “It is very clear that the system is not working at its maximum,” Mr. King told reporters. “We believe we provided a solution. ” But other leaders said Mr. Trump’s relationship with    —   tense bordering on toxic after a strident campaign that instilled fear, and a transition that has done little to allay their concerns  —   would not improve unless the   altered both his tone and his policy positions. “There’s a lot of anxiety, there’s a lot of distrust, there are people who have expressed to me that they’re scared of what his policies might entail,” said Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League. Mr. Trump won election with 8 percent of the   vote, according to exit polls. A Pew Research Center poll in November found roughly   of African Americans believed race relations would worsen during his presidency. The Rev. Al Sharpton said nothing underscored Mr. Trump’s challenge more vividly than his outburst in a pair of Twitter postings on Saturday that called Mr. Lewis, who was brutally beaten in the “Bloody Sunday” march in 1965 in Selma, Ala. “all talk,” and said that instead of “falsely complaining” about the election results, he should focus on fixing his “falling apart” and “crime infested” Georgia district. Mr. Lewis actually represents a district that includes part of the wealthy enclave of Buckhead the world’s busiest airport,   the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Georgia Institute of Technology. Mr. Trump’s remarks were a reaction to an interview on Friday in which Mr. Lewis said he would not attend the inauguration and did not see Mr. Trump as a legitimate president because of questions about whether Russian hacking had affected the American election. “If you can disrespect John Lewis on Martin Luther King Day, then what are you saying about the rest of us?” Mr. Sharpton said, adding that no single meeting Mr. Trump could hold would alleviate the concerns felt in the   community. “He seems to have a   very negative view of what black America looks like, and that is frightening to many black Americans. ” Mr. Sharpton said he was concerned that Mr. Trump was more interested in public appearances than substantive meetings with   activists and lawmakers to address issues of voting rights, criminal justice and policing reform, health care and economic inequality. “He still thinks that we’re playing television red carpet here, rather than dealing with the presidency of the United States, with something of real substance. This is not a ” Rev. Sharpton said. Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s press secretary and communications director, announced the meeting in New York between Mr. Trump and Mr. King in a morning posting on Twitter. In a series of television interviews on Monday, Mr. Spicer said Mr. Lewis had started the fight with his “disappointing” assertion that Mr. Trump was not a legitimate president, and he defended the  ’s decision to respond, telling CBS that the   is “not going to sit back and just take attacks without responding. ” Still, Mr. Trump himself had seemed to temper his attack on Mr. Lewis subtly by Saturday night he said that the congressman should help him focus on “burning and crime infested  ” throughout the United States and added, “I can use all the help I can get!” Outside the   history museum in Washington on Monday, some visitors argued that the episode said more about the  ’s thin skin than his views on race. “Somebody said something bad and he’s got to say something back,” said Nancy Alston of Columbia, Md. “He said bad stuff about Meryl Streep, too. ” Ginelle Johnson, 35, of San Diego, said that she believed Mr. Trump’s comments were motivated by how he views minorities. But she also said that they appeared to show his proclivity to hit back at whoever criticizes him. “Politics has become entertainment and I think Trump is just a bully,” Ms. Johnson said. Mr. Trump’s brief sighting on Monday afternoon at Trump Tower was a striking contrast to President Obama, who spent part of Monday  —   his final observance of Martin Luther King’s Birthday in office  —   making a stop at a homeless shelter in Washington. Earlier, his wife, Michelle Obama, had spoken out subtly in her own Twitter post, saying she was, “Thinking of Dr. King and great leaders like @repjohnlewis who carry on his legacy. ” “May their example be our call to action,” she wrote.",0
10696,George Will Leaves the G.O.P. Over Donald Trump - The New York Times,"George F. Will, a conservative columnist and prominent Republican pundit for the past 40 years, said he has left the Republican Party because Donald J. Trump is the party’s presumptive presidential nominee. Mr. Will revealed his decision on Friday in an interview with PJ Media. He said he had switched his party registration to unaffiliated this month, adding that Republicans should “grit their teeth” during a Hillary Clinton presidency and then hope to beat her in 2020. “This is not my party,” Mr. Will said in a speech on Friday at the Federalist Society before the PJ Media interview. Mr. Will has criticized Mr. Trump throughout his presidential run. “Only he knows what he is hiding by being the first presidential nominee in two generations not to release his tax returns,” Mr. Will wrote in his Washington Post column on Wednesday. “It is reasonable to assume that the returns would refute many of his assertions about his net worth, his charitableness and his supposed business wizardry. They might also reveal some awkwardly small tax payments. ” Mr. Trump has returned fire, denouncing Mr. Will often on Twitter and in his speeches. “You know he looks smart because he wears those little glasses,” he said at a rally in November. “If you take those glasses away from him, he’s a dummy. ” Few prominent conservatives have gone so far as to change their party registration since Mr. Trump clinched the nomination in May. But some have strongly condemned Mr. Trump and have said they will sit out the presidential race.",0
10698,"Abroad in America, Deciphering the 2016 Presidential Race - The New York Times","The last election I covered didn’t work out so well for me. It was May 2013, and I was in Pakistan. As I was returning from a polling station in the southern city of Lahore, military intelligence officials flagged down my car. Hours later I was on a plane out of the country, having been deported. Elections are a fraught business in many parts of the world. In many of those countries, the American way of choosing a president seems ideal, however imperfect. The electoral machine resembles a classic,   limousine: large, showy and expensive, yet robust and broadly predictable. This year’s race, at the outset, looked set to follow in that vein as a contest between the scions of two storied political dynasties, Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush. Then the upstart billionaire and reality TV star Donald J. Trump thrust himself into the fray, shredding the script, dismissing Mr. Bush and upending most notions of what is possible, or acceptable, in an American political contest. I have come from my regular base in Cairo to the United States to help with The New York Times’s coverage of the 2016 campaign. You might wonder what I can add, given that I’m Irish and my American colleagues are already producing a stream of illuminating and incisive stories. I hope to supplement that coverage with reporting that responds to the queries of our international readers, and approaches the election  —   in all its drama, significance and absurdity  —   in much the same way as we would events abroad. The series will be called Abroad in America. This feverish political season has transfixed the world outside America, too. The election’s first act  —   the primary contests, when the two main parties select their ultimate candidates  —   attracts an unusual degree of international scrutiny. Violence at rallies, incendiary speeches, race baiting, attacks on journalists and judges, proposals to bar Muslims or Mexicans  —   the primaries signaled a sudden sea change that left   watching with fascination, puzzlement and a profound sense of trepidation. For some countries, the changes resonate strongly at home. Mr. Trump’s success chimes with nationalist surges across Europe and the “Brexit” vote. Disillusionment with traditional elites, hostility toward immigrants and anger among the losers from globalization  —   all resonate elsewhere. Yet it is odd and disturbing to hear terms like fascism and demagogy, most frequently associated with the European fringe or rickety   governments, being used in the context of an American campaign. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign is haunted by the high levels of hostility even among many voters on the left. And so the election, which starts in earnest in the coming weeks, is shaping up as a close unpopularity contest: In the latest polls, Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton both have 40 percent support. But it is not just about the winner in November. The process has thrown up urgent new questions  —   about race, guns and the global economy, among others  —   as well as anguished soul searching about the very process of selecting a president. Where will the politics of resentment and anger ultimately lead? Does the United States suffer, as one writer suggested, from too much democracy? Could this be an “  event” for representative government? My reporting will focus more at ground level. Some of my efforts will be explanatory  —   unraveling the intricacies and curiosities like the Electoral College, a source of befuddlement to many foreigners (and some Americans). More broadly, though, I hope to turn my focus as a foreign correspondent to deciphering the fears, hopes and motivations that are driving voters of every hue, and will determine the most powerful leader on the planet. My journey will also be driven by you, the readers. I’ll be posting on Twitter and Instagram, and soliciting your questions and concerns. What infuriates, intrigues or mystifies you about the elections? I’ll be starting the journey on Monday at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Please join me on the way.",0
10699,Nikki Haley to Palestinians: Stop Incitement to Violence,"The Algemeiner reports:  The Palestinian Authority must “stop its incitement to violence” and engage with Israel in “direct peace negotiations, rather than looking to the UN,” a top American diplomatic official said on Tuesday. [US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley made the statement after meeting with her Palestinian counterpart, Riyad Mansour  —   an encounter she described as “productive. ” “The US is committed to supporting a true peace process between Israel and the Palestinian Authority,” she said.  Last month, Haley received warm praise from the   community in both the US and abroad after taking the UN Security Council to task for its double standards when it comes to its treatment of the Jewish state. Read more here.",0
10700,Why I Am A Homesteader And Why You Should Be To,"Keywords: Better Tasting Food , GMOs , homestead , Homesteading 
If you clicked a link that got you to this page, you can’t pretend that you are not interested in homesteading any longer. I’m not sure if you are afraid of the effort, afraid that you won’t know what to do, or what you are afraid of, but it’s time to get up and get going. 
I have been homesteading for over 15 years and wouldn’t change it for anything in the world. My husband and I have made many mistakes along the way, but we have never been afraid to put in the hard work to get any job done. For all our hard work, we have become one of the rare profitable homesteads that are more than just surviving. 
We all have our own reasons that we want to try homesteading, so don’t base yours off of mine. I am just hoping to spark some interest to get you off your feet so you can make your dream become a reality. I Provide Healthy Food For My Family 
We are not vegan, vegetarian, of allergic to gluten, but we are completely aware of what we are putting into our bodies. I just don’t like to buy vegetables from the grocery store that have been produced chemically. I also don’t like to buy meat that was fed all sorts of things that I don’t know about. 
Everything that I put on my kitchen table, to feed my family, has been grown or produced by me or someone I know. I know that the corn we ate last night was grown using some organic soil, water, and a little alpaca poop for good measure. The pork also came from our farm, and I know about everything that pig ate in his very happy two years of life. 
I’m not saying that we are the healthiest family in the world, but I know we aren’t eating chemicals . That is what matters to me and my husband! The Food Tastes So Much Better 
The food that we produce on our homestead is so much better that the food you are purchasing at the grocery store. The truth is that they are looking to produce as much perfect looking food as they can, as fast as they can. They don’t want to grow the strands of produce that take a little longer but taste exponentially better. 
The meat also takes better because you aren’t rushing that either. Not to mention the fact that you are feeding the animals with healthier and better tasting food. When you slaughter the food yourself, it will taste better as well. Animals that are stressed when they get slaughtered produce meat that is much tougher that meat that we produce here on the homestead. Freedom 
Not many people can say that they have complete freedom to do what they please during the day. Now, that doesn’t mean that we don’t have responsibilities, but we can take an hour off in the middle of the day to attend the elementary school winter concert. We can also take those doctor appointments in the middle of the day when the office isn’t insane. 
If you want to get freedom over your own life, start homesteading today ! We Have Economic Security 
If the economy crashes, we are not in risk of going without anything that we really need. We don’t rely on anyone for any of the basic necessities, including a source of income. We have everything that we need in order to survive right here on the homestead. There isn’t much that can go wrong with the government that could put us at risk. 
I am not an apocalypse prepper, but I will say that homesteaders are more prepared should a disaster occur. We have more knowledge and experience in all of the tasks needed in an extreme survival situation than most people I know. Our Kids Understand The Meaning of Hard Work 
I’m not saying that your kids don’t understand the meaning of hard work, but my kids have been there and done that. My nine year old wakes up two hours before school and takes care of the chickens every day. Those chickens are completely her responsibility and she know that. 
I do allow my kids to use electronics during down time, they just know the difference between down time and chore time. They feel like they are part of the team, so it doesn’t feel like we are making them do chores every day. You might also like…",0
10701,California Licenses 800K Illegal Aliens as Motor Voter Law Looms - Breitbart,"Over the last two years, the Golden State has licensed over 800, 000 illegal aliens to drive, and as the new motor voter law AB 1461 goes into effect in 2017,   lawmakers are vowing to fight the Trump administration on attempts to enforce immigration law. [AB 60 went into effect on January 1, 2015, inviting well over a million illegal aliens in California to apply for driver licenses with lawmaker promises that their   status would not be shared with immigration authorities.  With the law about to hit the   mark, the California Department of Motor Vehicles announced that 806, 000 illegal aliens have been granted driver licenses, according to the Bay Area’s Mercury News. 14, 000 of those licenses were issued in November of this year. In 2017, new motor voter law AB 1461 will go into effect, automatically registering most licensed California drivers to vote. As the Mercury News points out, concerns have been raised about the crossover of AB60 illegal alien licensees being illegally registered to vote as a result. Some lawmakers have claimed there are safeguards against such a case. In light of   Donald Trump’s promises to secure the border and enforce immigration laws, illegal aliens and California legislators have already begun working on contingency plans. Former Assemblyman Luis Alejo, author of AB 60, offered reassurance to illegal aliens that he had spoken with Gov. Jerry Brown’s office, the DMV, and state legislative leaders who are all “committed to protecting all the information submitted to the DMV by AB60 applicants,” according to the Mercury News. Alejo pledged to fight against the Trump administration on illegal immigration and to do “everything possible” to maintain AB 60. AB60 licenses are said to require proof of identity, but the use of a Mexican Consular Card has been brought into serious question. A Mexican Federal Electoral Card, Mexican Institute National Electoral Card, Mexican Passport, or Mexican Consular Card are accepted as forms of ID to procure a California driver license. Several other types of foreign identification cards may be used as well. In late 2014, Assemblyman Tim Donnelly told Breitbart News, “When I look at the list of acceptable documents and see it is to include the Mexican Consular Card, I know it is a document even the FBI has been concerned about. ” The DMV has assured illegal aliens that although U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is among agencies with the ability to access basic driver license information, no information on immigration status or whether a license was issued under AB 60 will be available, reported the Mercury News. During the 2016 election cycle,   Trump highlighted the stories of families who have lost loved ones as a result of the actions of illegal aliens. Legal immigrant Sabine Durden was one of those “Angel Moms. ” Durden’s only child Dominic was killed in 2012 when an unlicensed Guatemalan national with two prior DUIs, and illegally in the U. S. struck and killed the young black man with his vehicle. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana.",0
10702,"Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege","Gamechanger: Russia successfully tests its first-ever hypersonic weapon ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege By South Front on October 31, 2016 …from SouthFront 
As SouthFront forecasted on October 28, the Jaish al-Fatah militant coalition, led by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian Al-Qaeda branch) has not been able to deliver a devastating blow to the Syrian government forces and to break the siege of eastern Aleppo. 
After the initial success based on massive usage of VBIEDs and a lack of support by the Russian Aerospace Forces (President Vladimir Putin declined the general staff’s request to deliver air strikes in Aleppo area), Jaish al-Fatah stalled in the trench warfare in non-populated urban areas. Fatah al-Sham-led attempt to cut off the Ithriyah-Aleppo Highway also failed. 
The Syrian military also deployed reinforcements from the Syrian Army Tiger Forces and its commander, Major General Suheil Al Hassan, arrived the city to coordinate military operations against the joint terrorist forces. Hezbollah and Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba were set to assist to Al Hassan-led operations. 
By October 31, Al Hassan–led forces, supported by the Syrian Air Force, have repelled attacks on the Minyan area and the 3000 Apartment Project, retaken the al-Assad Neighborhood and made a series of counter-attacks in the 1070 Apartment Project. 
Since the start of Aleppo offensive, Jaish al-Fatah has lost about 120 fighters, 7 armored vehicles, 19 VBIEDs, 7 ‘technical’ vehicles, 2 battle tanks and 2 artillery pieces. The government forces have lost about 45 fighters, 3 battle tanks, 2 ‘technical’ vehicles, 1 Shilka vehicle. 
Separately, the pro-government forces liberated Tal Qarah, Kafr Qaris, Tal Susin, Fafin, Babinnis, Tal Shair and the Infantry School from ISIS in northeastern Aleppo. The advance was synchronized with operations of the Kurdish YPG in the same area. 
On October 30, the army and the NDF liberated the town of Tell Kurdi and the area of Tell Sawwan in Eastern Ghouta near the Syrian capital, Damascus. These areas had been controlled by the Jaish al-Islam militant group. The liberation of Tell Kurdi and Tell Sawwan decreases significantly the militant-controlled area near Damascus and sets a foothold for advance on Duma, the last major militant stronghold in the region. 
On October 28, the government forces took control of the Air Defense Battalion hill between Deir Khabiyan and the 137th Regiment in Western Ghouta and splitted the militant-controlled area into two separate pockets. Next days the army and the NDF continued offensive operations in the direction of Khan Shih. On October 31, the government delegation arrived to the town to negotiate with members of the FSA, Jaish al-Islam and Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terms and conditions of their surrender. 
Three Russian attack submarines armed Kalibr cruise missiles have joined a Russian naval taskforce heading towards Syria. The Royal Navy has been reportedly tracking two nuclear-powered Akula-class submarines and a diesel-powered Kilo-class submarine. The subs entered the North Atlantic from portsaround Murmansk and joined the Admiral Kuznetsov battle group as it sailed down the North Sea last week. The Kuznetsov and its battlegroup are now off the north African coast. The mainstream media speculates that the subs will deliver missile strikes on peaceful targets in Aleppo city. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 31, 2016, With 245 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
10703,"With the Olympics Over, Six Former Host Cities Worth Visiting - The New York Times","Now that the Rio Olympics are over, inevitable questions about the city’s   legacy have surfaced. Rio de Janeiro, like every host city, hopes to continue reaping   benefits long past the closing ceremony, such as increased tourism and a bolstered world reputation. But things don’t always go as planned. In fact, cities rarely make a profit from hosting the Games, and often end up deep in the red. Rio initially planned on the Games costing about $3 billion, but the actual cost will be at least $4. 6 billion, according to a study by the University of Oxford. “If you’re looking to gain money from an Olympics, that’s not a good reason to be doing it,” said David Wallechinsky, president of the International Society of Olympic Historians. For the cities that learned this the hard way, specific venues can end up being reminders of a lack of foresight. The Bird’s Nest in Beijing is a cautionary tale. The   construction cost $480 million to build and an estimated $11 million to maintain annually. But by most accounts, it  does not draw enough visitors to justify the expense, despite the curious existence of a wax museum in its basement featuring former International Olympic Committee presidents. “Tourists actually pay money to have their photo taken next to a wax figurine of Sigfrid Edstrom, which is pretty weird,” said Gary Hustwit, who with a fellow photographer, Jon Pack, has visited several Olympic cities for their ongoing Olympic City photo project. While Beijing, which produced the most expensive Summer Games  in history, is often cited as an example of poor   execution, other cities like London, home of the 2012 Games, seem to be faring better. “I think what they did was realistic planning, and with a lot of the cities it’s just, kind of, speculative planning,” Mr. Wallechinsky said of London. He added that four years is not enough time to truly judge a host city’s legacy. Of course, not everything can be anticipated, like a war breaking out eight years after hosting the Games, as was the case for Sarajevo after it held the Winter Games in 1984. But even cities with such dire circumstances can endure and become worthwhile destinations. “Sarajevo is a fascinating and beautiful place,” Mr. Pack said. “It’s a pretty profound reminder of the consequences of war on a city and its people, and how an Olympic city can carry on. ” Whether they are from good planning or unanticipated events, indelible marks of 120 years of modern Olympic competition have been left on many host cities. Here are six that are worth exploring. If Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London looks a bit emptier than it did four years ago, it’s not for a lack of trying. The expansive park near Stratford Station is now home to the largest urban beach in the country, nature trails and boat tours. (Oh, and a long metal tube attached to the    ArcelorMittal Orbit.) The park’s athletic facilities, including the aquatics center, velodrome and Copper Box arena, are open to the public for recreational use, and Olympic Stadium is now the home of West Ham United of the English Premier League. The   venues no longer exist, but, as the name suggests, they were meant to be temporary. “That to me seems like the real legacy of London 2012, the idea that maybe you don’t need to build dozens of new permanent sports facilities, which was what happened in Athens in 2004, and then struggle to figure out what to do with these things afterward,” Mr. Hustwit said. Another key feature is the ArcelorMittal Orbit, the tallest sculpture in Britain, which is now home to the world’s longest tunnel slide. While its  design was widely criticized  during the Games, its observation deck offers a    view of London. Development of the park will continue into at least the next decade. In the works is the addition of a cultural and education district, home of a new Victoria and Albert Museum “for the digital age,” a Sadler’s Wells dance theater and educational institutions. Have you been to a nice beach in Barcelona recently? For that, you have the 1992 Summer Games to thank. “Barcelona is a good example of using the Olympics almost as an excuse to improve a city,” Mr. Pack said. The beaches of today used to be an industrial dumping ground, and were redeveloped as part of the preparations for the Games. “They opened up the beach to the rest of the city, redesigned   areas to make them safer, and built athletic facilities that are still used by the citizens today,” Mr. Pack said. One site that still gets plenty of use is the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Company, whose impressive stone facades remain from the stadium’s original early 20th century design by the architect Pere Domènech i Roura. Originally built for the 1929 International Exposition and remodeled for the 1992 Games, it was recently host to a performance by Beyoncé, the latest of many concerts and sporting events. Barcelona’s profile soared after the Games. It was the seventh   city in Europe in 2014, according to Euromonitor Research. The Zetra Sports Hall, where the figure skater Scott Hamilton captured the gold for the United States, was repurposed as a morgue during the Bosnian War of the early 1990s. In the 20 years since then, Sarajevo has come a long way but its residents haven’t forgotten the war. “The people I spoke to there all had profoundly sad stories and memories of the war, often following them up with dark humor,” Mr. Pack said of visiting Sarajevo. “They then often spoke of the Olympics with a sense of pride. ” In some cities like Turin, where he visited in June, he said, “there is almost no evidence that the Olympics was ever there. ” The Dinaric Alps, which held many of the events from the 1984 Winter Games, form a dramatic backdrop to a city with an abundance of ethnic and architectural diversity. The Olympic Stadium, also known as Kosevo Stadium, was renovated after the war and remains active. A notable nearby landmark is the Sarajevo War Theater, created months after the siege began in 1992. Despite the danger, the theater was well attended throughout the war and continues to feature plays, music, poetry and exhibitions. Other facilities are in use as well, but not in ways often associated with former host cities. “Many of these sites probably look like they did right after the war ended,” Mr. Pack said. “But when I was there, locals were using these venues. There were people picnicking near the bobsled tracks, and biking and skateboarding down the actual concrete segments of track. ” This city has long been known for its excellence in design, so it’s no surprise that many of its   structures stand out for their appearance. The Olympic Village was designed by the Finnish architects Martti Valikangas and Hilding Ekelund, and its style can still be appreciated today. “The Olympic Village in Kapyla are now private condos, while the neighborhood next door,   is a great, early example of the garden city movement in Finland: small, colorful wooden houses and surrounding gardens, designed by Valikangas,” Mr. Pack said. Ekelund also designed the Helsinki Velodrome, which hosted cycling and field hockey events during the Games and was renovated in the late 1990s. It still holds athletic events today and remains a notable architectural site.  The Olympic Stadium and Tower, recently recognized by Architectural Digest in its list of best Olympic architecture, is undergoing a major renovation and is set to reopen in 2019. It’s home to the Sports Museum of Finland as well as many sporting events and concerts. “For Winter, Lillehammer and Vancouver have been success stories, but probably none more so than Salt Lake City,” said Bill Mallon, a founder of the International Society of Olympic Historians. “They have really put the venues to good use. ” Utah residents always knew they had great snow, but exposure from the Games turned the area into an international skiing destination. Utah resorts drew a record 4. 5 million visitors in 2015, compared with about 3 million in 2002, the year the Games were held. The area can now claim to have the largest ski resort in the United States, Park City, which is about 30 miles east of the city’s center. It resulted from Vail Resorts merging its Park City Mountain Resort with the nearby Canyons resort in 2015. Elsewhere, three of the Games’s top venues, the Utah Olympic Park, the Olympic Ice Oval, and the Soldier Hollow   skiing and biathlon venue, remain in use, serving as training grounds for Olympic hopefuls and providing recreational fun for the public. Getting to skate on the same ice as Olympians is an easy sell for locals and tourists, and braver visitors can ride a bobsled (no matter the season). Other summer activities at the park include extreme tubing,   and adventure courses. The smallest city (technically a village) to host an Olympics actually did it twice, first in 1932 and more famously in 1980, when a scrappy American men’s hockey team upset the heavily favored Soviets. “Winter sports and Lake Placid go together like wildlife and forests,” Robert Flacke, New York State’s commissioner of Environmental Conservation at the time, told The New York Times in January 1981. Whiteface Mountain, one of the highest peaks in the Adirondacks, hosted all of Lake Placid’s Alpine skiing events and is an obvious destination for skiers in the winter and outdoor enthusiasts in the summer. The Olympic Center features the Lake Placid Olympic Museum and is where the “Miracle on Ice” occurred. That same rink is open for public use, as is the original skating oval from the 1932 Winter Games. For stunning views of the Adirondacks, options include driving the Whiteface Veteran’s Memorial Highway to the top of Whiteface Mountain or taking an elevator to the top of the Olympic Jumping Complex.",0
10704,Comey: Law Enforcement Needs to Do Better Job Understanding the ’Journey of Black America’ - Breitbart,"Monday at the   League Conference, FBI Director James Comey said law enforcement “officers and deputies and agents” need to do a better job “understanding” the communities they serve, including “the history and journey of black America —  the hopes, the dreams, the disappointments, and the pain. ”  Comey said,”Everybody in this room knows that officers and deputies and agents signed up for this work because they want to do good for other people. They want to help other people o matter what they look like, no matter what they believe, no matter who they love. They signed up to help all the people, all the time. But we have to do a better job of not just explaining that to the communities we serve and protect. We need to do a better job of understanding those communities. Especially those with the greatest need for police. We need to know the people who live there, the challenges they confront, the fears that they have, the hopes they have. ” “As law enforcement officers, we especially need a full understanding of the history and journey of black America —  the hopes, the dreams, the disappointments, and the pain,” he continued. “We need to know the history of law enforcement’s interaction with black America because black people cannot forget it. We need to know what is happening in all of our communities, not what we think is happening, or even what the people we’re serving to think is happening, but what is really happening. ” Comey added, “For that, we need better information in this country. Now, I know data is a boring word. People tend to tune out when you start talking about data. But it’s vital because only data, only information, gives us a full picture of what’s happening. It’s what smart people use to make hard decisions. We at the FBI have been pressing for more data in this country for the last two years, and we will keep pressing for it. Data related to violent crimes of homicides, data related to   shootings, data related to altercations with citizens and attacks against law enforcement officers, and yes, data related to hate crime. ” “We must do a better job of tracking and reporting hate crime to fully understand what’s happening in our communities and in our country so we can stop it,” he continued. “Some jurisdictions do not report hate crime data. Some say there were no hate crimes in their jurisdiction, which would be awesome if it were true. We must continue to impress upon our state and local counterparts how important it is that we track and report hate crime data. It’s not something we can ignore, not something we can sweep under the rug, even though it’s painful. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10705,Deputy Shot and Killed by Fellow Deputy While Having a Conversation on Weapon Safety,"Home / Blue Privilege / Deputy Shot and Killed by Fellow Deputy While Having a Conversation on Weapon Safety Deputy Shot and Killed by Fellow Deputy While Having a Conversation on Weapon Safety Matt Agorist November 2, 2016 1 Comment 
Fresno, CA — A 20-year veteran deputy of the Fresno County Sheriff’s Department was shot and killed Monday by his fellow officer. Officials immediately ruled it an accident and began the narrative that the gun somehow just went off on its own. 
“We do not know yet the mechanics of how the weapon discharged,” Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said. “So far, we have absolutely no reason to believe this was anything more than a tragic accidental shooting.” 
Deputy Sgt. Rod Lucas was having a conversation near the Fresno Yosemite International Airport about how to carry backup weapons when one deputy’s weapon was discharged striking Lucas in the chest. 
Lucas was in the room with two other deputies, and, according to Mims, there was no dispute at the time — ironically, just a conversation about weapons safety. 
“The detective had his weapon out. During this discussion, the detective’s weapon discharged,” the sheriff said. “Sgt. Lucas was struck by the bullet in his chest, and he dropped to the ground.” 
According to FOX, Mims did not disclose the type of firearm involved in the incident, calling it “an improved secondary weapon for the detective.” She said all witnesses have been interviewed except for the detective, who was not identified, due to his mental state which she described as extremely upset. 
“We’re giving him the time he needs,” said Mims, who declined to identify the detective by name. “We’re taking care of him.” 
Imagine for a moment, that a non-cop ‘accidentally’ shot and killed another man. Would they be allowed this same opportunity to not be investigated? Would a person who just killed someone in a room be ‘taken care of’ if they simply used the excuse of the gun accidentally going off? 
Sadly enough, this is the third such incident in only a week in which a cop’s firearm ‘accidentally discharged’ and put the lives of others in danger. 
At a Halloween party over the weekend, a cop in North Carolina shot and severely injured her own daughter as she showed off her service weapon. She has not been charged. 
Prior to that shooting, a cop in Ohio fired his weapon into a daycare center — while it was fully occupied. 
Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. 
Imagine if the people in these incidents were not police officers. The double standard is glaring. 
Aside from the above the law treatment of these officers, the excuse of the weapons accidentally discharging is nothing short of asinine. 
Guns do not fire themselves. 
Weapons companies spend a significant amount of time and money making sure their guns don’t simply ‘go off.’ While it is entirely possible for older single action revolvers, which required the hammer to be cocked, to go off when dropped, the idea of a modern pistol accidentally firing without someone pulling the trigger is simply absurd. 
There are more guns than people in the United States. It is estimated that Americans own around 357 million firearms. If these weapons were so prone to accidentally firing, there would be a lot of dead Americans. However, that is clearly not the case. 
The reality is that these cases involve police, who are entrusted by the public to responsibly carry weapons, failing miserably at their jobs. You could rest assured that if a mere citizen were to shoot and kill another person while ‘discussing backup weapons,’ they would be cast out by the anti-gun crowd and plastered across the mainstream media. They would also be in jail. 
However, if your job is to carry a firearm for a living to ostensibly protect society and you kill your own colleague while doing this job — you are immediately presumed innocent and given special treatment. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + Phil Freeman 
Improved backup weapon means it’s been to the gunsmith for modification, reduction in trigger pull is the most common. So my guess is detective kojack was showing off his new play pretty and the hair trigger spring he just installed and shot this cop. Well done safety meeting I say. One less gangster in Fresno. Social",0
10706,"National Debt Dips. Trump Crows. Well, Sure, but … - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In a message posted on Twitter on Saturday, President Trump highlighted a dip in the national debt during his first month in office, contrasting it with an increase in the first month of the Obama administration. The numbers are broadly accurate, but the lack of attention to them is for good reason: Neither president bore responsibility for changes in the federal debt in his opening month in the White House. The slight decline cited by Mr. Trump  —   a drop of 0. 06 percent, according to Treasury data  —   is a temporary fluctuation, not a change in direction. The federal debt is determined by the government’s decisions about taxing and spending, and by the strength of the American economy. The debt was increasing rapidly in early 2009 because the economy was in free fall, and because of policy decisions made during the administration of President George W. Bush. The debt is rising more slowly now because economic growth has strengthened and because of policy decisions made during Mr. Obama’s administration. But the debt is on a clear upward trend. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated in January that the debt would increase by $559 billion in the current fiscal year, ending in September. The exact amount of the debt bounces around that trend line because the Treasury borrows money by selling securities with maturities  —   or repayment dates  —   ranging from 28 days to 30 years. That creates an irregular pattern of inflows and outflows from the federal cash box. The president leveled his complaint on Twitter not long after Herman Cain, a former Republican presidential candidate, raised a similar criticism on “Fox and Friends Weekend. ” Mr. Trump did not describe his calculations, but similar numbers can be derived from the Treasury’s daily reports on the national debt. The data show that on Feb. 21, the national debt was $12 billion smaller than on Jan. 20. As of Thursday, the day with the most recent data, the national debt had declined by $33 billion since Mr. Trump’s inauguration. The daily Treasury reports also show that the national debt increased by $212 billion from Jan. 20 to Feb. 20 in 2009. Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, issued a statement applauding the president for focusing on the national debt while noting that “the improvement this early in his term has to do with normal fluctuations in spending and revenues rather than new policies he has implemented. ” While presidents do not exert immediate influence over the size of the national debt, Mr. Trump will have his chance to make an impact. He has proposed tax cuts that would reduce federal revenues, as well as tariffs on imports that would have the opposite effect. He has also proposed reducing federal spending in some areas while increasing it in others, like defense and infrastructure. The performance of the economy will also play an important role. Economic growth generates more tax revenue and reduces federal spending on social welfare programs. The national debt increased sharply during Mr. Obama’s first term as the government increased spending in response to the 2008 financial crisis. The debt grew more slowly during his second term as the economy improved and tax increases brought more money into the government’s coffers.",0
10707,"In Trump’s Early Days, News Media Finds Competing Narratives - The New York Times","During his first 11 days in office, President Trump has provided news outlets with plenty of material, at all hours of the morning and night. But his maelstrom of activity  —   the bold executive orders, the fiery Twitter posts, the brazen speeches  —   has also exposed, and perhaps exacerbated, ideological differences. For those devouring news about the administration, the choice of narratives has become starker, with brighter lines drawn around the content. For the readers and viewers, it’s follow the narrative of your choice, and be wary of the great chasm between. Over the weekend, as protesters descended on airports across the country in response to Mr. Trump’s immigration ban, fissures began to emerge even among   news organizations. On Monday, the divide only widened. And not everyone behaved predictably. Bill O’Reilly, the outspoken Fox News host, expressed skepticism about the rollout of Mr. Trump’s plan and called it “a mistake” to rush it. While he did make some effort to defend Mr. Trump, he was also somewhat moderate in one segment. “It is certainly responsible and logical for a new president to institute updated protections for this country by ordering specific temporary immigration actions,” Mr. O’Reilly said. “However, it’s also responsible for a federal judge to order that foreigners with the proper credentials already issued not be punished. There should be room for    decision making. ” He even invoked the Statue of Liberty to make his point. Some of Mr. O’Reilly’s guests were also critical. Karl Rove said of Mr. Trump that “the controversy is hurting him more than the controversy is helping him. ” Brit Hume said it was handled “very clumsily. ” And Charles Krauthammer said it was introduced in the “most amateurish, botched way. ” But, in more typical form, Mr. O’Reilly also focused on what he said he perceived to be Mr. Trump’s political calculation, adding that much of the country was “getting fed up with the   people. ” By late Monday, order on Fox News had been fully restored. In his opening monologue, Sean Hannity followed a familiar trope, criticizing the mainstream news media for “freaking out and completely misrepresenting” the immigration ban. The Trump administration, he said, was trying to “set the record straight, but the media won’t listen. ” The Wall Street Journal, part of the Rupert   News Corporation, delivered a scathing editorial on Monday denouncing Mr. Trump’s “blunderbuss” policy. But on Tuesday, some journalists at the publication were frustrated after a note from the editor in chief, Gerard Baker, instructed editors to avoid the phrase “seven majority Muslim countries” when writing about the order. “It’s very loaded,” Mr. Baker wrote Monday night in the note, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times (and reported earlier by BuzzFeed). “The reason they’ve been chosen is not because they’re majority Muslim but because they’re on the list of countries Obama identified as countries of concern. Would be less loaded to say ‘seven countries the U. S. has designated as being states that pose significant or elevated risks of terrorism. ’” The note caused concern among some editors and reporters in the newsroom as inappropriate interference. In a statement, a spokeswoman for The Journal said Mr. Baker’s note was “part of a larger conversation discussing   developments as a story was being edited on deadline. ” In the same email chain, she said, Mr. Baker also pushed to include more comments from critics of Mr. Trump’s policy. On Tuesday, Mr. Baker sent a memo to employees saying there was “no ban on the phrase ‘  country’” but that the publication should “always be careful that this term is not offered as the only description of the countries covered under the ban. ” The unrest was only the latest manifestation of greater concern among a faction of reporters and editors at The Journal who are dissatisfied with what they view as sympathetic coverage of Mr. Trump. Mr. Baker has maintained that the publication is committed to fair reporting. Elsewhere in the news and entertainment empire of the Murdoch family, there was a more pointed response to Mr. Trump’s immigration policy. In a memo to employees of 21st Century Fox on Monday evening, James and Lachlan Murdoch suggested they did not fully support Mr. Trump’s executive order. “21CF is a global company, proudly headquartered in the U. S. founded by  —   and comprising at all levels of the business  —   immigrants,” they wrote. “We deeply value diversity and believe immigration is an essential part of America’s strength. ” Among   organizations, the tone in the last few days has been predictably defiant and jubilant, reflecting their position on the conservative spectrum. Several seized on Mr. Trump’s accusation that Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, had shed “fake tears” over the ban. The Federalist, a   web magazine, published an article under the headline, “No, Trump’s Immigration Order Isn’t Racist or Reminiscent of the Holocaust. ” After Mr. Trump fired Sally Q. Yates, the acting attorney general, on Monday night for refusing to carry out his immigration order, Breitbart News went with the spirited headline, “You’re Fired: Trump Fires AG for ‘Betrayal. ’” The conservative Daily Caller called Ms. Yates’s decision a “brazen act of defiance that cost her the post. ” On Tuesday afternoon, Breitbart readers may have been surprised to see the site covering protests  —   but the blaring headline would have quickly showed the organization’s focus. “Trump Supporter Knocked Unconscious at Portland Airport Protest,” the site wrote.",0
10708,Pollak: The Attack on Trump Is Exactly What a Russian Disinformation Campaign Looks Like - Breitbart,"The accusation that President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign colluded with the Russians, and that he is trying to cover it up, looks increasingly like a classic Russian disinformation campaign  —   one designed to bring down the only president since the Cold War who has actually been willing to confront Russia in any meaningful way. [It is an article of faith on the left that Russia wanted Trump to win the election because Vladimir Putin anticipated a more pliant approach, signaled by Trump’s explicit desire to negotiate a better relationship. But the Russians may just as well have preferred Hillary Clinton, who had given Russia everything it wanted while serving as President Barack Obama’s Secretary of State  —   from the   “reset,” to a surrender of U. S. missile defenses in Eastern Europe, to the sale of 20% of America’s uranium reserves to a Russian company closely tied to the Russian state.  It is more plausible to suggest that Russia simply wants to disrupt American politics if it can get away with doing so, and would do the same regardless of which candidate won the election. Even if  —   for argument’s sake  —   Putin once preferred Trump, that would not preclude him from trying to undermine President Trump now, if possible. And in the “ ” complex, Putin has found a particularly potent weapon, aimed directly at the president. One could not imagine a better way to create havoc for an adversary  —   and the left is playing into the enemy’s hands, eagerly and mindlessly, forgetting its own slavish enthusiasm for Russia for nearly a century. Holman Jenkins, writing in the Wall Street Journal on Saturday, notes that Putin found a unique vulnerability in the   of contemporary American politics, which makes devotees on either side more willing to believe the worst about the other. Partisans on both sides might share a conspiratorial mindset when relegated to opposition status, but only the Democrats can harness the alchemy of the mainstream media to “normalize” fringe theories. Regardless, the flimsiness of the evidence against Trump is a clue. Jenkins notes that it was a dubious “dossier” that alleged that Russia had dirt on Trump that caused much of the initial suspicion last year  —   and that it may well have been fed by Russian sources for that purpose. Add to that the recent revelation that FBI director James Comey suspected that a key email  —   purportedly hacked by Russians, and which implicated Attorney General Loretta Lynch in a scheme to suppress any FBI investigation into Clinton  —   was a fake, and a pattern seems to emerge. Moreover, many of the recent intelligence leaks that have attempted to tie Trump to Putin have been   at best  —   in some cases, laughably so. The information that has been leaked could well have been fabricated  —   or at least fed to unwitting U. S. Intelligence sources who were ready to believe, and convey, the worst. Sen. Lindsey Graham  —   an early critic of Trump’s Russia policy  —   said as much on Sunday, when he speculated that an intercepted message from the Russian ambassador to his bosses back home, claiming that Jared Kushner wanted to set up a “back channel,” could well have been a   exposed on purpose to be intercepted by the U. S. Regardless, Trump is almost certainly right that the Russians are “laughing” at us. The entire political and media establishment is utterly consumed by an obsession with Russian influence for which there is no actual evidence. It is a hysteria worse than that of the McCarthy years, because in those days there really were American communists trying to take over the U. S. government on Moscow’s behalf. Thanks to the “  complex,” this may be the most powerful Russian disinformation campaign ever, and stands on the verge of bringing the American Republic to its knees. Journalists and elected Democrats are busily slapping each other on the back for “standing up for democracy. ” To the extent that they believe it  —   when they are doing the opposite  —   Russia is surely grateful. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
10709,"BULGARIA: Nearly l,000 Muslim freeloaders rebel over “bad food and delays in giving them status to enter Western Europe”","Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address",0
10710,London Attack Leaves Citizens of 10 Nations Dead or Injured - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   One was a police constable who spent 15 years with the Metropolitan Police in London. A second was a teacher who, according to reports, was walking from her school along Westminster Bridge. Another was a man from Utah who was on vacation with his wife, celebrating their 25th anniversary. The fourth was a    man, whose family removed him from life support. They were all killed by an assailant who plowed through pedestrians on the bridge  —   injuring at least 50 others in the heart of the city  —   crashed his vehicle into a fence and then emerged with knives to stab the constable on Wednesday. Among the wounded, many of them foreign tourists, were 12 Britons, four South Koreans, three French high school students, two Romanians, two Greeks and one citizen each of China, Germany, Ireland, Italy and the United States. On Thursday afternoon local time, the police identified the assailant, who was shot and killed by officers, as Khalid Masood, 52. In a speech at Parliament, Prime Minister Theresa May said the attacker was   and was previously investigated by MI5, Britain’s domestic counterintelligence agency, for possible ties to violent extremism. The prime minister visited victims at a hospital in London for 40 minutes on Thursday, according to her office. Many of them had not been publicly identified. At a news conference, Mark Rowley, the assistant police commissioner, cited both the police investigation and the need to notify family members as reasons. But information has dribbled out. ■ Police Constable Keith Palmer, 48, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command, was patrolling the Parliament building when the assailant fatally stabbed him. Tributes for Constable Palmer have poured in. “He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift, and he had every right to expect that would happen,” Commissioner Rowley said in a statement. Mayor Sadiq Khan said, “Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty  —   protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life. ” James Cleverly, a lawmaker, said on Twitter that he had served in the Royal Artillery with Constable Palmer, calling him “a lovely man, a friend. ” On Thursday, the Metropolitan Police announced in a Twitter post that his badge number would be retired. ■ Kurt Cochran, an American traveling in Europe with his wife, Melissa Payne Cochran, died of injuries sustained in the attack, according to a statement from the family issued through the Church of Jesus Christ of   Saints in Salt Lake City. Clint Payne, Mr. Cochran’s    said in the statement: “Our family is heartbroken to learn of the death of our   and    Kurt W. Cochran, who was a victim of Wednesday’s terrorist attack in London. Kurt was a good man and a loving husband to our sister and daughter, Melissa. They were in Europe to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary, and were scheduled to return to the United States on Thursday. ” Mr. Cochran’s wife was also wounded in the attack, and she was hospitalized with “a broken leg, a broken rib and a cut on her head,” said her sister Sarah   in a post on Facebook. Their parents were serving as missionaries in London, according to the church. The couple ran a recording studio in West Bountiful, Utah, and Mr. Cochran had shared pictures of their stops  in Germany and Scotland. ■ Aysha Frade, 43, a British teacher, lived in London with her husband and two daughters. She taught Spanish not far from Westminster Bridge, according to the Spanish newspaper La Voz de Galicia, and she had family in Spain, according to the Spanish Foreign Ministry. Ms. Frade’s mother immigrated to Britain from Betanzos, a Galician town in northwestern Spain. Ms. Frade’s two sisters run the Academia Notting Hill language school in Betanzos and live in a village nearby. Her father is of Turkish Cypriot descent, a family friend said. On Thursday, the Betanzos town hall held a moment of silence at noon to honor Ms. Frade. Local leaders decreed three days of mourning. Ms. Frade, 43, was a British citizen, but “her link with our town was always very strong,” José Luis Pariente, a Betanzos town hall official, said by phone. “She came back here to visit every summer. ” Amy Winter, the family friend and a neighbor in the Notting Hill district of London, said on the phone: “When I think of Aysha, I think of her radiant smile. She always cheered people up. ” “It crushes me to know that she was going to pick up her girls when she was killed,” she said, adding, “They were everything to her. ” Rachel Borland, the principal of DLD College London, said in a statement: “We are all deeply shocked and saddened at the news that one of the victims yesterday was a member of our staff, Aysha Frade. All our thoughts and our deepest sympathies are with her family. ” ■  Leslie Rhodes, 75, a retired window cleaner from the Streatham neighborhood of south London, was injured in the rampage. He was removed from life support on Thursday. One of his neighbors, Michael Carney, told local news media that he had known Mr. Rhodes for 40 years, calling him “the nicest mind you ever met. ” Another neighbor described Mr. Rhodes as “fit as a fiddle” and said he wasn’t married and had no children. Mr. Carney said his own relatives went to the hospital to be by Mr. Rhodes’s side. “My wife and my two girls went up there and were with him until he died, playing him music,” Mr. Carney said. “He liked Queen and that. ” He added: “He had no one. You can’t have someone dying on their own. ” ■ Three of the wounded were   boys from France who were on the bridge with other visiting students. The three attended St.  high school in Concarneau, Brittany, according to the French Foreign Ministry. The mother of one of the injured students told the French news media that he had borrowed a friend’s cellphone to text that he was O. K. “His phone didn’t work, but he must have known I would try to reach him because I immediately got a text message from him,” the mother, Isabelle Calvez, said on French television. “He told me he was O. K. but had the incident happened 20 seconds later, he would’ve been hit by the car. ” She added that two of the other students had fractured arms and legs, while another had a neck injury. On Thursday, the French Education Ministry said that the injured students from Brittany had been treated and that their conditions were no longer  . Juliette Meadel, the government minister for victims’ affairs, told CNEWS that the three students were among a group of 56 that went to a nearby hostel after the attack. A second group from the high school, with 36 students, was in another location in London when the attack occurred. Ms. Meadel said the uninjured students would return to France on Thursday. There are more than 4, 200 students in London on school trips from France, according to the Education Ministry. Most of the other planned school trips to London on Thursday or Friday have been postponed. Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of France expressed solidarity with “our British friends” hurt in the attack and offered “full support to the injured French pupils, their families and their classmates. ” ■ Five South Koreans were among the 29 people hospitalized. They were wounded when they were mobbed by a crowd fleeing the attack site, according to the South Korean Foreign Ministry. Four of them  —   three women and a man in their 50s and 60s  —   sustained fractures and other injuries that were not believed to be  . A    woman, however, suffered a head injury when she was pushed by the fleeing crowd, according to South Korean news reports. She later had surgery to treat her injuries. ■ The two Romanian victims, Andrei Burnaz, 32, and Andreea Cristea, 31, are from the Black Sea port city of Constanta, according to the Romanian news agency Mediafax, which quoted an official as saying they were in London to celebrate Mr. Burnaz’s birthday. Ms. Cristea went into the Thames off Westminster Bridge when the assailant drove through the crowd, and news reports said she suffered serious head injuries and lung damage. She was rescued, and Mr. Burnaz’s foot was fractured. ■ At least three of those injured after being “driven at by a vehicle” were members of the police force, and were in stable condition. ■ A woman described as “an Australian permanent resident” was among the wounded, according to that nation’s government. Australian news outlets reported that the assailant’s vehicle had run over her foot on the bridge. The woman, originally from Germany, lives in South Australia, according to an Australian news report. ■ Two Greeks were hospitalized for minor injuries, according to Alexis Georgiades, the press counselor at the Greek Embassy in London.",0
10711,Court Overturns ‘Burkini’ Ban in French Town - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   France’s highest administrative court on Friday overturned a town’s ban on burkinis, the   swimwear used by some Muslim women, setting a precedent that challenges similar bans in at least 30 other municipalities, most of them on the French Riviera. The burkini  —   and the decisions to ban wearing them on beaches  —   has become the focus of spirited global debates over women’s rights, assimilation and secularism. In its ruling, the court, known as the Council of State, found that the ban in the town of   violated civil liberties, including freedom of movement and religious freedom, and that officials had failed to show that the swimwear posed a threat to public order. The ruling also made clear that the bans in other municipalities could be similarly overturned, and the Socialist government seemed conflicted on how to respond. In a statement, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve suggested that it was time for the local officials to back down, saying it was now “up to each and every one to responsibly seek to ease tensions, which is the only way to avoid disturbances to public order and to bolster coexistence. ” But later on Friday, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said in a statement on Facebook that the ruling “doesn’t exhaust the debate that has opened up in our society on the question of the burkini. ” Mr. Valls, who last week likened the burkini to a form of “enslavement,” said in his comments on Friday that “condemning the burkini in no way questions individual liberties. ” The court’s decision seemed unlikely to end the controversy as France enters a presidential election season. The   former president, Nicolas Sarkozy, who has announced his plans to run for president again, supports a national ban. While the decision does not apply directly to the many other French cities and towns that have banned the burkini, it amounts to a warning that their prohibitions are likely to be overturned if challenged. The largest such community is the city of Nice. The United Nations and the White House seemed relieved by the ruling. “Obviously we welcome the decision by the court,” Secretary General Ban  ’s chief spokesman, Stéphane Dujarric, who had expressed concern about the burkini ban, said at a news briefing, emphasizing “the need for people’s personal dignity to be respected. ” Josh Earnest, a White House spokesman, said the United States did not want to “ ” France, but noted that President Obama “believes strongly in the freedom of religion. ” Critics of the bans have said they unfairly targeted Muslims in the wake of deadly terrorist attacks in France and elsewhere in Europe. The bans  provoked a backlash, particularly photographs spread online showing armed police officers confronting women wearing burkinis, or other clothing  —   like a veil, a tunic and leggings  —   covering most of the body. Patrice Spinosi, a lawyer for the Human Rights League, one of the groups that had challenged the ban, said his association would now ask mayors in other towns to withdraw their bans. “The council has ruled and has showed that mayors do not have the right to set limits on wearing religious signs in public spaces,” he said, in the absence of a demonstrated threat to public order. “It is contrary to the freedom of religion, which is a fundamental freedom. ”   a seaside resort of about 14, 000, adopted the ban on Aug. 5, and it was supposed to end on Sept. 15. Police officers in the town will no longer be able to issue fines for   and women who received fines will be able to contest them.   sits between Nice and Cannes, which enacted a burkini ban on July 28. Most of the prohibitions are temporary and run until the end of the holiday season. The town’s mayor, Lionnel Luca, denounced the ruling. “Apparently, the terrorist attacks in Nice were not sufficiently traumatic,” he said sarcastically at a news conference on Friday afternoon, referring to the rampage by a truck driver who attacked a Bastille Day fireworks celebration on July 14, causing 86 deaths. “This decision will raise tensions and passions. ” Marwan Muhammad, the head of the Collective Against Islamophobia in France, another group that challenged the bans, praised the ruling, but expressed concern that other communities might drag their feet on rescinding their bans. “Normally, mayors should remove their ordinances following this decision, except if they want to race against the clock and go to court,” Mr. Muhammad said, noting that the ordinances are set to expire in the coming weeks, while the court process can drag on for longer. Several mayors have already told French media that they did not intend to remove their bans in light of the ruling. The ordinances in question did not mention Islam or the burkinis explicitly  —   instead banned bathing attire that was not “appropriate,” was not “respectful of good morals and of secularism,” or did not respect “hygiene and security rules”  —   but the target of the laws was obvious. The Council of State said the “emotions and concerns that are the result of the terrorist attacks, most notably the one carried out in Nice last July 14, do not suffice to legally justify the ban. ” Restrictions on liberty “must be justified by proven risks to public order,” the court said, finding that the town’s mayor had failed to meet that criterion.   and human rights groups had challenged the restrictions in local courts, but the rules were upheld, leading the groups to appeal to the Council of State, which heard arguments from lawyers for both sides on Thursday. The bans have also fueled an intense political debate and split the French government, with Mr. Valls expressing support for them and several female ministers opposing the restrictions, even as they voiced distaste for the garments. Marine Le Pen, the head of the   National Front, said after the ruling that French lawmakers should expand a 2004 law that bans ostentatious religious symbols in schools to all public places, except for “religious personnel,” but she did not make clear how broad that exception should be. The showdown over the burkini was only the latest controversy over the principle of laïcité, or secularism, that has been a defining feature of French political life since the Revolution. Critics say the principle is increasingly used to justify measures that single out Muslims, rather than keeping government out of religion and vice versa, the original intent.   Mignard, a legal expert who is close to Mr. Hollande, predicted that the controversy would continue. “The fact that some elected officials are already contesting the Council of State’s decision shows that they have now entered an ideological showdown,” he said, while adding that if an   law were put forward in Parliament, it would not likely pass muster with the country’s Constitutional Council. Paul Cassia, a professor of public law at the University of Paris, said the decision on Friday “creates a precedent that applies to all the towns,” and “a strong presumption” that such bans are unlawful. Although the ruling on Friday technically suspended the ban, Mr. Cassia said the decision effectively overturned the prohibition completely and showed that the principle of laïcité had been misapplied by the towns. “It means neutrality for the state, not the individual,” Mr. Cassia said. He added: “I was in Nice two days ago. There are women in the street with veils. It’s completely unreasonable to ban them from the beach, while they are free to walk around the city. It’s hysteria. ” Mr. Muhammad, the head of the Collective Against Islamophobia in France, said he feared that in the current political climate, Muslims would continue to be targeted. “Now that it is over with the beach, they are going to come back with the debate on long skirts or on halal meals,” he said.",0
10712,Manchester United Match Canceled After Fake Bomb Is Found - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The final match of the Premier League season for Manchester United and Bournemouth was abandoned Sunday afternoon after a security blunder forced the dramatic evacuation of tens of thousands of fans from the stadium. The authorities were initially praised for ushering 50, 000 spectators out of Manchester’s Old Trafford stadium after a suspicious object was found in the stands. Sniffer dogs were dispatched, and bomb disposal experts carried out a controlled detonation of what was then described as an “incredibly lifelike explosive device. ” But to officials’ embarrassment, the suspicious item  —   a cellphone connected to a gas pipe  —   turned out to be a training device that the police later announced had “accidentally been left by a private company following a training exercise involving search dogs. ” “Whilst this item did not turn out to be a viable explosive, on appearance this device was as real as could be, and the decision to evacuate the stadium was the right thing to do, until we could be sure that people were not at risk,” said John O’Hare, an assistant chief constable with the Greater Manchester Police. The bomb scare caused particular fear because Britain had just days before raised the terrorist threat level linked to Northern Ireland to “substantial” from “moderate,” warning that an attack was a strong possibility. Theresa May, Britain’s home secretary, said that decision reflected “the continuing threat from dissident republican activity. ” In March, a group calling itself the New Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility for a bomb attack on a van driven by a prison officer. The group, which opposes the Northern Ireland peace process, said it was “ready and determined to take the war to the   enemy of our nation. ” There has been a heightened awareness of security surrounding sporting events in Europe, with the European soccer championships set to begin in France next month. French officials have said repeatedly that the championships, the Continent’s marquee soccer tournament, will be secure. But scrutiny of the plans has intensified since terrorists targeted the Stade de France, outside Paris, as part of a wave of attacks in Paris in November. The championship, which will run from June 10 to July 10, will be held in 10 cities across France. Organizers have revamped plans for security and estimated that 10, 000 people would be hired to staff the operation, which will cover the stadiums as well as city centers and organized fan zones: areas for people to congregate and watch matches on video screens. Each host city has gone through simulations of a variety of situations, including terrorist attacks. After the attacks in Paris, and this year in Brussels, the security budget for the fan zones was doubled to about $27 million. While postponements of   matches for security reasons are rare, Sunday’s decision was hardly unprecedented. After the terrorist attacks in Paris, an exhibition game between Germany and the Netherlands was called off and fans were evacuated after a suspicious object was found inside the stadium in Hanover, Germany. Officials described an “intention to ignite explosives. ” In 2004, the Basque newspaper Gara reportedly received a phone call saying a bomb was set to explode at Real Madrid’s Bernabéu stadium. More than 70, 000 people were evacuated shortly before the end of a match between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad, but no explosive device was found. The number of significant sporting events taking place in cities across Europe on a daily basis can make tighter security measures everywhere impractical. For regular league matches, local police officers work with the clubs to handle security. When a possible   emergency occurs, as it did Sunday, protocol typically involves calling in national or military officers for assistance, which was what the Manchester police did. The Premier League rescheduled the match between Manchester United and Bournemouth for Tuesday.",0
10713,World wildlife 'falls by 58% in 40 years',"Donations World wildlife 'falls by 58% in 40 years' Critic: 'They're trying to put this stuff in a blender and spew out a single number ... It's flawed' Published: 10 mins ago 
(BBC News) Global wildlife populations have fallen by 58% since 1970, a report says. 
The Living Planet assessment, by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) and WWF, suggests that if the trend continues that decline could reach two-thirds among vertebrates by 2020. 
The figures suggest that animals living in lakes, rivers and wetlands are suffering the biggest losses. 
Human activity, including habitat loss, wildlife trade, pollution and climate change, is attributed to the declines.",0
10714,How they could steal the election from Trump even if he is announced the winner next Tuesday,"How they could steal the election from Trump even if he is announced the winner next Tuesday October 31, 2016 at 2:13 am 
How they could steal the election from Trump even if he is announced the winner next Tuesday 
By Dr. Patrick Slattery — There has been a great deal of talk recently about the “rigging” of elections. Trump talks about it, and then the media accuses him of being a threat to democracy by refusing to accept the will of the voters. Nobody asks Hillary if she will accept the will of the voters… 
Of course, we know that our electoral system is unfair, biased, and even rigged at a variety of levels. Without going into detail, the media, which plays an absolutely crucial role in staging our elections, has abandoned even the pretense of neutrality. Ballot access is unfair. Campaign finance is corrupt. Electronic voting machines are vulnerable. Voting by foreigners and dead people exists, as does multiple voting by individuals. 
But one massive threat has so far gone completely unmentioned: the vulnerability of the electoral college to post-election shenanigans. 
What people are not aware of is that, under the Constitution, the president is not elected on November 8. The Tuesday after the first Monday in November is designated for Congressional elections. It just so happens that over the years all the states decided to have their electors to the Electoral College selected by the voters on that day. In the early days of the Republic, it was actually more common for state legislatures to select the electors, and the Constitution allows the state legislatures to determine how the electors are selected. 
It is actually the Electoral College that elects the president, and that happens on the Monday after the second Wednesday in December, which this year will be December 19. On this day, the electors will meet in their respective state capitals to cast their ballots, which will then be sent to Washington to be opened by Vice President Biden before a joint session of Congress on January 6 of next year. Some of you may remember the scene from Michael Moore’s Fahrenheit 911 showing Vice President Gore reading votes that elected President Bush, ironically denying the objections raised by some Congressmen to Florida’s electoral votes, which Bush won over Gore amidst the greatest of controversy. 
So if this system is enshrined in the Constitution, what could possibly go wrong? Plenty. 
Unless Hillary goes into complete meltdown over the next week, a Trump victory on November 8 will likely be a narrow one in terms of the electoral college map. One very plausible scenario has Trump losing Pennsylvania but winning the rest of the main battleground states plus one of Maine’s congressional districts. (Maine, along with Nebraska, allow for electors to be elected on a congressional district basis rather than winner-take-all.) Under this scenario, 270 Republican electors would be elected, a bare majority, while 268 Democrat electors would be elected. 
Notice I did not say “Trump would get 270 electoral votes,” which is what we are used to hearing. The fact is that the electoral votes are not cast until December 19, and there is no guarantee that every single one of the 270 Republican electors would actually vote for Trump. Do you remember a few months ago how alarmed we were at the prospect of supposed Trump delegates to the Republican National Convention deserting Trump and voting for Cruz? It was only that Trump piled up such large victories in the final primaries that he had big enough majority of delegates to cause the Never Trump people in the Republican establishment to give up on rigging the convention. 
So who are these electors? Just as the method of electing the electors is left up to the states, the method for nominating the candidates for the electoral college is also left up to the states. Some states allow the presidential candidates to nominate their own slate of electors. Presumably, these people could be counted on to be loyal. But in other states the party’s slate of electors is chosen at state party conventions and even electoral district conventions. 
As a young man I attended one such convention and had my name put into nomination as a Democratic elector. Myself and the other three contenders then made short speeches to the convention. The other three talked about being precinct captains or hard-working party volunteers. Then I gave a speech calling for the direct election of the president and the abolition of the electoral college. I got a huge round of applause. I would have easily won, but as a matter of principle I withdrew my name from nomination. 
The point of the story is that most of the electors are unknown to the public, typically cogs in the party apparatus, and not even necessarily high-level ones, and some of them may even be smooth-talking slicksters like me, unknown to the party itself. 
So how likely is it that one or more Republican electors would betray Trump? Such a person is known as a “faithless elector,” and while faithless electors have never ultimately altered the outcome of a presidential election, there have been 179 faithless electors in our history. In fact, faithless electors caused the Congress to have to decide the 1836 election for Vice President. 
It is true that about half the states have laws punishing faithless voters, but in all but a few states the votes of faithless electors would still count. 
The nightmare situation would be after a close election the Hillary people, or the Never Trump people, could bribe or pressure Republican electors, some of whom may not like Trump anyway, not to vote for Trump. They could vote for Hillary, they could vote for Pence, they could vote for anyone else, or they could even abstain from voting. 
Then what happens? If enough Republican electors are cajoled into voting for Hillary (in the above 270-268 scenario, it would only require two), then Hillary gets inaugurated on January 20. If it’s a tie, then the House of Representatives breaks the tie. Obviously, there have been Republican members of the House that say they won’t vote for Trump for president in November, so there is no reason to assume they would vote for him in January. 
However, not only are Republicans likely to retain a significant majority in the House, but the voting for president by the House is not one vote for each representative, but one vote per state. This means that California, which currently has 39 Democratic representatives, would get only one vote, while Alaska’s single representative, who is a Republican, would also get one vote. This heavily favors the Republicans and means that if Hillary cannot flip enough Republican electors to herself to win a majority of the electoral votes, she is finished. There is no real prospect of the House of Representative electing Hillary. 
But what if enough Republican electors vote for other people, Paul Ryan for example, so that no candidate gets a majority? Then the House of Representatives gets to choose between the top three vote finishers in the electoral college vote. You could get a coalition between Democrats and Republican defectors that would deny Trump the presidency and give it to someone like Ryan. (The same applies in the case that Mormon ex-CIA operative and never-Trump independent presidential candidate Evan McMullen wins Utah , which some polls predict is possible.) 
While none of the above scenarios may come to pass, we do have to face the fact that the establishment has so far stopped at nothing to try to defeat Trump, and so it is not too far fetched to think that they would try these tactics, especially if the November 8 voting produces a very narrow victory for Trump. The media could start inventing more reasons why Trump is uniquely unfit to become president and claim that the Constitution allows for these scenarios (which is the case), and that this in fact was why the framers of the Constitution created the Electoral College (which is not the case). 
It would then be incumbent on us to make it clear to the members of the Electoral College and the Congress that any violation of the people’s will would not be tolerated.",0
10715,Republican Men Say It’s a Better Time to Be a Woman Than a Man - The New York Times,"To be a woman in the United States is to feel unequal, despite great strides in gender equality, according to a   poll about gender in postelection America released Tuesday. It’s catcalls on the street, disrespect at work and unbalanced responsibilities at home. For girls, it’s being taught, more than boys, to aspire to marriage, and for women, it’s watching positions of power go to men. Men, however, don’t necessarily see it that way. Those are some of the findings from the poll, by PerryUndem, a nonpartisan research and polling firm whose biggest clients are foundations. It surveyed 1, 302 adults in December via the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago’s AmeriSpeak panel.   percent of women said sexism was a problem in society today, and 41 percent of women said they had felt unequal because of their gender. Men underestimated the sexism felt by the women in their lives, the survey found. And while most respondents agreed it’s a better time to be a man than a woman in our society, only Republican men thought it was a better time to be a woman than a man. As women across the nation prepare to march in protest of an election in which gender loomed large, the poll results reveal nearly unanimous support for gender equality and policies that would help women  —   but deep partisan divides in the perception of inequality and of who’s thriving and who’s losing in society. Many Americans seemed to think others had it better than they did, especially Republican men. Over all, only 37 percent of respondents thought it was a good time to be a woman in the United States. Fewer thought it was a good time to be a minority woman 24 percent said it was a good time to be a Latina, and 11 percent a Muslim woman. Republican men seem to see it differently. Just over half thought it was a good time to be a woman, while only 41 percent of them thought it was a good time to be a man. Donald J. Trump’s rhetoric has appealed to people who feel this way. At his victory rally in Cincinnati last month, he said about women: “I hate to tell you men, generally speaking, they’re better than you are. Now, if I said it the other way around, I’d be in big trouble. ” Dennis Halaszynski, 81, is a retired police captain in McKeesport, Pa. and a registered Democrat who voted for Mr. Trump. “It’s easier being a woman today than it is a man,” he said in an interview. “The white man is a low person on the totem pole. Everybody else is above the white man. ” Women “should be highly respected,” he said, but they are no longer unequal: “Everything in general is in favor of a woman. No matter what happens in life, it seems like the man’s always at fault. ” Democrats of both genders were much more likely to have felt unequal because of some aspect of their identity  —   68 percent, compared with 47 percent of Republicans. Gender, race and religious views were the biggest reasons. The only reasons Republicans were more likely than Democrats to feel unequal were their religious views and military status. There is overwhelming support for gender equality in work, life and politics: 93 percent of respondents said they believed in it. But 43 percent of male Trump voters said it had already been achieved. Only 20 percent of those polled and 12 percent of women agreed. The disparity is partly because people define equality very differently, based on their politics and gender. A majority of respondents said the following things affected women’s rights and equality: unequal responsibilities caring for children violence against women a focus on women’s beauty and sexuality the lack of women in political office and positions of power sexism racism equal opportunities in the workplace and access to birth control and abortion. But in almost every instance, Republican men had a different view. For example, 51 percent of respondents but 24 percent of Republican men said a lack of women in political office affected women’s rights.   percent of respondents over all and 36 percent of Republican men said unequal responsibilities caring for family affected women’s rights. Even men who said women were still treated unequally underestimated the sexism that women experience. While 41 percent of women said they frequently or sometimes heard sexist language in their daily lives, 26 percent of men thought their partners did.   percent of women said they had been touched by a man in an inappropriate way without consent, while 31 percent of men thought their partners had. “The typical catcalling or comments or inappropriate gestures that men make toward you, I don’t think there’s any women who haven’t experienced that sort of harassment,” said Cristina Hall, 44, who works in customer service in San Diego. But she was not surprised that men didn’t realize it. “I think when people don’t go through certain experiences, it’s hard for them to understand that it even happens,” Ms. Hall said. “Maybe they’ve never done it to a woman. Plus as women, we don’t typically say anything because of fear we’re not going to be believed or retaliation or shame. ” About 40 percent of women said acts of sexism would be more likely because Mr. Trump won, including sexual assault and feelings of entitlement among men to treat women as sexual objects. About a third of respondents said they were less tolerant of sexism in their own lives as a result of Mr. Trump’s victory, and 43 percent of parents said it made them teach their children about sexual assault and consent. “People seem to feel validated in their racist and sexist beliefs right now,” said Tayler Lien, 22, a   college student in Las Vegas who voted for Hillary Clinton. “It’s a little bit scary. ” There was widespread support among large majorities in both parties for policies that would help women, like equal pay and paid leave. These have been rallying cries for feminists and progressives, and Republicans have traditionally opposed them. Congress failed to act on those policies during the Obama administration, but Mr. Trump has said he would push for them. Ninety percent of the respondents and 86 percent of Republicans supported the idea that the next president and Congress should work on equal pay laws.   percent of respondents supported policies improving access to   affordable child care, and 87 percent supported paid family and medical leave. Policies concerning reproductive rights were the exception to the bipartisan support.   percent of Republicans and 82 percent of Democrats said they supported work toward protecting a woman’s right to abortion from the next president and Congress, and 40 percent of Republicans and 80 percent of Democrats opposed getting rid of the part of Obamacare that offers birth control without a  . Peg Cherry, 83, a lifelong Republican who voted for Mr. Trump, said only     jobs were available when she was young. She worked   in retail and elder care jobs while raising five daughters. All five worked  —   “a feather in my cap,” she said  —   and so she supports policies like equal pay and paid leave. She thinks Mr. Trump will deliver. “I think he’s going to put his money where his mouth is,” said Ms. Cherry, who lives in Lisbon Falls, Me. “I think he’s more likely to because, look, he’s had his daughter in charge of a company and he could very well put a man in there. ” Ms. Cherry is not the only one pinning her hopes on Ivanka Trump for   policies.   percent of people, including the majority of Democrats, said they wanted her to help push forward on women’s rights and equality. Despite the widespread support for gender equality and certain feminist policies, only 19 percent of respondents said they considered themselves feminists. There was no clear consensus on who best represented feminism today. The largest shares of people, both women and men, named two black women: Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey.",0
10716,Border Patrol Agents Arrest Two Illegal Workers after Ben &amp Jerry’s Protest,"Border Patrol agents in Vermont arrested two illegal immigrants who worked as dairy farmers following their participation in a Ben  Jerry’s protest march. Agents stopped the suspects as they returned from the demonstration to go back to work. [The agents arrested Yesenia   and Esau   on Saturday after a stop at a routine immigration check. The location of the stop is near the U. S.  Border. Agents transported the two migrants to a detention facility after determining they had no legal status in the U. S. the Washington Post reported.  The two illegal workers joined with others protesting conditions at a Ben  Jerry’s factory in Waterbury, Vermont, Breitbart News reported. The workers marched to demand better pay and living conditions on the farms that provide milk to the nationwide ice cream maker. “We can’t wait anymore. We are going to pressure them and see what happens,” Mexican migrant worker Victor Diaz told reporters. Diaz is a Mexican immigrant who works on a dairy farm in Vergennes. Following the arrest of the two illegal farm workers, others gathered outside a U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) office in St. Albans. “We were there to denounce the arrest of Esau and Yesenia and to call on ICE to use their discretion to release them back to their families, back to their community so they can continue to live and work in Vermont and continue to raise their voice for their dignity and human rights,” Migrant Justice organizer Will Lambek told the Post. The Washington news outlet reported that Vermont has about 1, 000 farm workers who are Latino. They reported that many of those are in the country illegally. The Migrant Justice group claims their workers are being targeted for selective enforcement by immigration officials. They brought up Enrique Balcazar and Zully Palacios, who protested on Monday. The two migrant workers were arrested in March and were released later that month. Ben  Jerry’s responded to the protests with the following statement: We are concerned that   productive members of our community, who contribute to the success of dairy farms in Vermont, would face criminalization. We need policy change that serves Vermont’s dairy workers, farmers, and industry as a whole. The company said it is working to resolve its differences with the workers. They did not make any statement about the illegal immigration status of their workers. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
10717,DNC Senior Adviser: Trump ’So Emasculated’ by Putin ’He Has to Come Back and Pick on’ Transgendered Kids - Breitbart,"On Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” DNC Senior Adviser and head of the Democrats’ Trump War Room Zac Petkanas reacted to President Trump revoking President Obama’s guidelines on transgendered students by stating, “Donald Trump is not only a monster, but he’s a coward. We’re talking about somebody who is so emasculated by Vladimir Putin  …    that he has to come back and pick on vulnerable kids. ”  Petkanas said, “This is guidance that was provided to schools that schools wanted and asked for, and it is very  —   it’s for a very specific reason, they wanted to create a safe environment for all the kids in their school, and they wanted to avoid Title IX lawsuits. I mean, that’s what’s so   about what the Trump administration did today. He took away practical guidance to school administrators and principals, who were looking to create this safe environment, and were looking to not get sued for Title IX violations. ” He added, “Donald Trump is not only a monster, but he’s a coward. We’re talking about somebody who is so emasculated by Vladimir Putin, that he has to come back  —   no no  —   that he has to come back and pick on vulnerable kids. ” The discussion then turned to the issue of transgenderism writ large. Petkanas stated that “One’s gender identity is enough to show what gender they are. ” Petkanas was asked what would prevent host Tucker Carlson from playing on a women’s sports team, serving a prison sentence in a women’s prison. He responded that there aren’t any examples of anyone doing this. After Petkanas said later in the interview that “Your gender identity determines your gender, period. ” Carlson asked if this would mean he could go to a women’s college or qualify for an SBA loan for   small businesses if he identified as a woman. Petkanas answered in the affirmative, and   that gender identity determines gender. When asked if you could identify as another race, Petkanas answered that you can’t, and dismissed this as a “silly” hypothetical. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
10719,Lucifer's Banker: Bradley Birkenfeld on Corporate Crime in America,"Email 
Bradley Birkenfeld held a book launch party at the National Press Club tonight. 
And it is telling that he invited some of the nation’s top whistleblowers — including John Kiriakou who spent two years in prison — to be his guests. 
One of the ironies that was not lost on anyone in the room is that increasingly, it’s not corporate executives but whistleblowers who are doing jail time. 
Birkenfeld himself blew the whistle on his employer, the giant Swiss bank UBS, where the rich and famous stashed their millions in numbered accounts to evade U.S. tax authorities. 
Guess who went to jail? 
Birkenfeld. 
A copy of Birkenfeld’s book — Lucifer’s Banker: The Untold Story of How I Destroyed Swiss Bank Secrecy — was given to each guest at the book launch. 
And tucked inside was a book mark — a laminated copy of the check that Birkenfeld got from the U.S. government for helping recover over $15 billion from American tax cheats. 
The government paid Birkenfeld $104 million as a bounty, but the check is made out to Birkenfeld in the amount of $75 million. (Why minus $29 million? Taxes.) 
This is perhaps one of the best corporate crime books ever written. 
And the reason is that it clearly exposes our system of no fault corporate crime. 
Deferred prosecutions. Non prosecutions. Neither admit nor deny consent decrees. Executives rarely sent to jail. 
Just have the corporation write a check. Thank you. 
Birkenfeld exposes the perverse outcomes of that system at almost every turn. 
It’s not just that whistleblowers are doing prison time and corporate executives are not. 
It’s that when corporate executives are sent to jail — 
Well, take the case of Joe Nacchio. 
While doing his 30 months in prison at Schuylkill Federal Correctional Institution in Minersville, Pennsylvania, Birkenfeld ran into Nacchio. 
“Joe Nacchio had been the President and CEO of Qwest, a huge telephone company,” Birkenfeld writes. “He was close to the Bush people, even visiting the White House on occasion. Shortly after 9/11, the Bush administration had gone to all the phone companies and demanded their customer records and email. AT&T and Verizon had caved right away, but Joe told the Feds to fuck off.” 
“We’re a private company,” Naccio said. “I can’t do that” 
“Yes, you can,” said the Bushies. “Matter of national security.” 
“It’s unconstitutional,” Joe protested. “Without warrants from a judge, on a case-by-case basis, I won’t do it.” 
“Oh, really?” 
“So the Bushies charged him with insider trading and put him away for seven years. Joe’s replacement at Qwest got the message, and the Feds got the records.” 
I’m in Washington and I like this book because it exposes the system of no fault corporate crime enforcement. 
But a lot of people in Washington are not going to like this book. 
Birkenfeld asks some pointed questions — including — why was the Department of Justice so reckless as to allow UBS to disclose the identities of only 4,700 (including some relatively low income dentists) of the 19,000 illegal account holders? 
Those protected probably included many names you would recognize. 
Why were these names never made public? 
That’s why Hillary Clinton is not going to like this book. 
Birkenfeld recounts the deal Clinton cut with the Swiss that Birkenfeld says kept the big names secret. 
Prior to Clinton’s deal with the Swiss, UBS had only seen fit to contribute $60,000 to the Clinton Foundation, “an amount that wouldn’t even cover the bank’s annual parking tickets,” Birkenfeld writes. 
“Afterward the Clinton Foundation’s cash registers rang up $600,000 in UBS gifts,” he writes. “The bank also decided to partner with the Foundation on some inner-city development programs, issuing a $32 million loan at very reasonable rates. Oh, and suddenly UBS also thought that Bill Clinton would make a very fine paid speaker about global affairs, so they paid him $1.52 million for a series of fireside chats with the bank’s Wealth Management Chief Executive, Bob McCann. It was Bill Clinton’s biggest payday since leaving the office of the Presidency.” 
Most of the lawyers who Birkenfeld ran into are not going to like this book because they are caught up in the corporate crime industrial complex that defines inside the beltway lawyers. 
For example, when Birkenfeld approach Skadden Arps partner Bob Bennett to take his case against UBS, Bennett begged off. 
“Don’t tell me Bob, they’re your client,” Birkenfeld asked. 
“They’re everyone’s client,” Bennett tells Birkenfeld. “That’s what all the major financial firms do, especially if they have big interests and lobbyists here in Wonderland. They put everyone on retainer. It’s like buying lawsuit insurance.” 
But most importantly, the Justice Department is not going to like this book because Birkenfeld says it’s not about the facts, the law and justice. 
It’s about brute corporate power. 
Why did the Department of Justice fail to fine UBS adequately — settling for only $780 million in 2009 — not even commensurate with the billions of dollars illegally earned in profits by UBS over many decades? 
Why did the Department of Justice release from custody two of the most senior UBS executives who oversaw this massive fraud? 
Birkenfeld says it’s about corporate connections. 
Which he lays out in intimate detail. 
At the book launch party, Birkenfeld said he had sent a copy of the book to the President Obama at the White House. 
“The American taxpayers need to know why the Department of Justice took such extraordinary actions to protect the perpetrators of the largest tax fraud in history.” 
“Why the keen interest to shield from the American public all of those getting a free ride off the backs of tax-paying, law-abiding citizens? I ask you Mr. President, what will you do to investigate these serious injustices?” 
That question Birkenfeld asked sort of tongue in cheek. 
After all, Birkenfeld knows about Obama’s UBS connection. 
In August 2009, on the first Sunday after Birkenfeld was sentenced in prison, at the Farm Neck Golf Club in Martha’s Vineyard, President Barack Obama had strolled out onto the links. 
“His golfing partner that day was Robert Wolf, Chairman of UBS Americas,” Birkenfeld writes. “I’m sure it was a fine day of patter and play, guarded by a throng of Secret Service agents, and I wondered if Obama and Wolf had high-fived over my downfall, or maybe sent a ‘good job’ text to (the sentencing judge.) But I’d never know, because much like Swiss bankers, Secret Service agents don’t talk.”",0
10720,U.S. Navy Ships Will Deploy Laser Weapons Within Two Years - Breitbart,"The U. S. Navy will deploy a new laser weapon system on its ships within the next two years, according to a naval official. [“We’re doing a lot more with lasers,” Rear Adm. Ronald Boxall, director of the Surface Warfare Division, said earlier this month at the annual Surface Naval Association national symposium, according to Scout Warrior.  Boxall said the Navy plans to test a   weapon from a ship within a year, and to deploy that weapon on a carrier or destroyer a year later. The weapon will destroy incoming missiles, drones, aircraft, and other threats from the enemy. The Navy unveiled a   laser weapon on the U. S. S. Ponce during patrols of the Persian Gulf in 2014, the Daily Mail reported. The    ( ) Laser Weapons System (LaWS) aboard the USS Ponce was available to the ship’s commander as a defensive weapon to shoot down incoming missiles, drones, boats and other potential threats. The laser weapons are very precise, designed to destroy threats at a cost of 59 cents per shot, and do not require   expensive ammunition. The new laser weapons system will require a massive amount of power to operate. “The Navy will be looking at ships’ servers to provide three times that much power,” Donald Klick, director of business development for DRS Power and Control Technologies, told Scout Warrior. “To be putting out 150 kws, they [the weapons] will be consuming 450 kws. ” The power requirement for the new weapons system is more than most ships are able to accommodate. That means most ships require an “energy magazine” that would store energy for the laser to use as needed, according to a Naval Postgraduate School paper titled “Power Systems and Energy Storage Modeling for Directed Energy Weapons” by Jeremy Sylvester. Klick says the laser weapons system has to go through rigorous Navy certification testing before it deploys on Navy ships, but he eventually sees the system being deployed on military aircraft in the future.    ",0
10721,Suspect Held in Shooting of San Diego Police Officers - The New York Times,"One suspect was in custody and a “second potential suspect’’ was arrested on Friday in the fatal shooting of a San Diego police officer and the wounding of another, the police chief said. The chief, Shelley Zimmerman, said the shooting occurred about 11 p. m. on Thursday, shortly after the two officers, members of the   squad, reported that they had stopped a man in the southeast part of the city. Almost immediately, the officers called for emergency assistance. Officer Jonathan DeGuzman, a   veteran of the department, was rushed to hospital in a police vehicle but later died, Chief Zimmerman said. Officer DeGuzman was married with two children. The other officer, Wade Irwin, a   veteran, underwent surgery. He was in serious condition but was expected to recover. Investigators had not been able to speak with Officer Irwin by Friday afternoon, and some of the circumstances of the shooting were still being investigated, including whether it took place during a vehicle or pedestrian stop. “It happened extremely quickly,” Chief Zimmerman said. The officers were in uniform, wearing bulletproof vests and body cameras, and were in a marked police car. The chief declined to release information about the ballistic evidence. One suspect, identified as Jesse Gomez, 52, was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to his upper torso. The police were investigating whether the man was a gang member, the chief said. A second man, Marcus Antonio Cassani, was arrested after police surrounded a nearby home, but Chief Zimmerman said investigators had not determined whether he was involved in the shooting. The shooting came as law officers around the country remained on alert after five officers were fatally shot in Dallas and three in Baton Rouge, La. this month. The attacks have set off a period of fear, anguish and confusion among the nation’s 900, 000 state and local law enforcement officers. Shootings were the main cause of officer deaths in the first six months of this year, the first time in three years that   fatalities did not top the list, according to a report published this week by the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. On average, two officers died on duty each week this year, half killed by gunfire. “It is tragic for everyone,” said Chief Zimmerman, speaking about the shootings in San Diego and the national toll. The United States attorney general, Loretta E. Lynch, mentioned the San Diego shooting on Friday in her opening remarks to a gathering of law enforcement and emergency personnel at a Methodist church in Baton Rouge. “I know that this community, more than most, knows exactly what those families are feeling at this moment, knows exactly what the San Diego Police Department is going through at this moment,” Ms. Lynch said. The mayor of San Diego, Kevin Faulconer, said in a statement that the city was grieving. ”Violence against the men and women who wear the badge is violence against us all,” Mr. Faulconer said. “I ask all San Diegans and all people across our nation to join together in support of our officers who courageously protect our communities. We need them and they need us. ” He also asked for prayers for the wounded officer. Chief Zimmerman said investigators had no motive for the shooting. Early on Friday, yellow police tape marked off the scene of the shooting. A man and a woman, who had been at a   gym nearby, looked on from the perimeter, unable to reach the home where they have lived for two years. Chief Zimmerman described Officer DeGuzman as a loving husband who often talked about his family and cared deeply about his job. “Last night he lost his life trying to make a positive difference,” she said.",0
10722,Health Grades for New York Restaurants: Why No F’s? - The New York Times,"Q. I’ve been in a lot of restaurants in New York, and I’ve never seen an F in any of those inspection grading cards given out by the health department. Does this mean that all of the restaurants in New York are above average? A. Actually, many of the city’s roughly 24, 000 restaurants do get the worst grades, but the trick is that C, not F, is the lowest one. By now, most New Yorkers are familiar with the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene’s   system, which was introduced in 2010, and assigns ratings based on a   system that is calculated by the amount of major and minor infractions found by inspectors. The dirtier the restaurant, the more points accumulated, the worse the grade. According to a city database, there are more than 200 restaurants that currently have C ratings. There are more than 800 “grade pending” restaurants, because operators of restaurants are given the choice of displaying a “grade pending” sign or a letter grade while they contest any violations. If this makes you a little queasy, keep in mind that New York is generally a culinarily clean city: The A rating is by far the most common, with more than 21, 500 restaurants claiming that blue card. There are more than 1, 500 B ratings. So if you’re contemplating entering a C restaurant, rest assured that moving a few feet down the street might land you in A territory. The health department does not force any restaurant to close over ratings. Restaurants are closed by the department as a temporary emergency measure when there is an immediate public health hazard, such as a severe pest infestation. A restaurant can also be closed as a result of repeated violations or an extensive number of violations. “Once these issues have been corrected, a restaurant may request a reopening inspection,” Carolina Rodriguez, an assistant press secretary with the health department, said in an email.",0
10723,Top 5 unusual tragic deaths on sets,"Top 5 unusual tragic deaths on sets # Top5darkests 0 
Over the years, conspiracies and theories of paranormal activity on movie sets has grown. With a large amount of horror productions having unfortunate deaths, some deaths closely resembling story lines of the horror production, theories of movies with a curse has been spoken by some. From deaths on movie productions involving the devil to the conspiracy of the hanging extra in the wizard of oz, we will cover in this video our top 5 unusual tragic deaths on sets. Tags",0
10724,Trump’s FIRST Order: Anyone Burning An American Flag To Be Charged With TREASON | Conservative Daily Post,"
Posted by Martin Walsh | Nov 11, 2016 | Liberal Corruption Trump Delivering His FIRST Order 
This feeling of a President Trump is a breathe of fresh air. You can feel it in your communities all across the country and in your own life. You can feel yourself imagining things that you want to accomplish because Trump has already instilled a cultural change that breeds toughness and hard work. How To Make An Organic Super Food For Survial At Home - Watch Video Click Here 
Democrats and the lying media slammed Donald Trump for months when he argued that he may not accept the results of the election. Now that he has won, ironically, it has been the media and Hillary’s supporters that are refusing to accept the results of the election. 
In wake of Donald Trump winning the election in a landslide, thousands of whiny, entitled liberals are flooding the streets with their violence and tears because they just cannot deal with a President that has said mean things. Your burning and disrespect of the flag is why Trump won, kids #TrumpProtestors 
— Katie Pavlich (@KatiePavlich) November 10, 2016 
These ungrateful, entitled crybabies are burning the American flag, which is something that should never be tolerated. 
In September of 2015, Donald Trump was asked about his stance on the legality of burning our flag. 
“Personally, I don’t think it should be legal,” the Republican presidential front-runner told the Daily Caller last year. Yet, now we have more examples than we need of this treason. Notice Hillary supporters burning the American flag. Trump supporters don't burn American flags. Vote Trump! pic.twitter.com/IdzCghzia1 
— Caesar Ramirez (@caesar_ramirez) June 4, 2016 
Or this act of treason… Students burn American flags at AU in protest of Donald Trump's presidential win. Video courtesy of Meh. https://t.co/u4y2xX2sxe #fox5dc pic.twitter.com/nkFUnY2pk8 
— FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) November 9, 2016 
The United States Supreme Court has ruled that flag burning is constitutionally protected freedom of speech. Now that Donald Trump will be appointing several Conservative Judges to serve on the Court, we can expect that ruling to change in the coming year or so. 
On top of Trump’s comments a year ago, senior members in his administration have indicated President Trump has now made this issue one of this top priorities. Sources argue that soon after President Trump assembles his cabinet and has a Supreme Court Judge nominated, they will move this issue forward immediately to prosecute anyone caught burning the American flag. 
Trump officials argue, “you have the right to peacefully protest and voice your opinion. You do not have the right to burn our Nation’s strongest symbol.” 
Liberals just cannot fathom why burning the American flag is bad. They cannot see beyond their own entitlement that millions of brave men and women have given their lives to fight for everything our flag represents. The only bigots I see are the ones burning American flags, attacking Trump supporters, and destroying cities. 
— Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) November 10, 2016 
President Trump has indicated that he is more than willing to work with everyone in this great Nation so that we can all come together. If you still choose to incite violence, you will be charged with a crime and sent to jail. 
If you are threatening to leave this country, go ahead and leave. We no longer have time to console people who got their feelings hurt or need a nap. We are about to make this country great again by getting people back to work. We are going to instill the idea of being tough and working hard to achieve your goals instead of holding your hand out as if you are entitled to something. 
It’s truly amazing that we finally have a President that will love and respect our military. The American flag is bigger than any of us. It represent decades of sacrifice, bravery, and patriotism. Millions of men and women gave their life so that scumbag liberals have the freedom to cry in the streets and throw temper tantrums when their candidate doesn’t win the election. 
Under President Trump, if you are caught burning our flag, you will be charged with a crime. We are going to make America great again. Either you are with us, or you can leave. ",0
10725,Manchin: Trump Should Reach out to Intel Community,"Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) talked about current news events with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday. The topics included Trump’s alleged sharing of classified information and James Comey, along with increased federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic in West Virginia, and the Senate taking up the Affordable Health Care Act (AHCA). [Said Manchin as regards Trump’s perceived issues with the intelligence community, “My other recommendation to the President would be, go out and visit the intel (community). Go around to see some of the sites that we have and what we are able to do and how professional these people are and how hard working. Gain their trust. ”  Manchin said Trump has a charm about him when he meets people and he should use that, as opposed to putting people in the intelligence community on the defensive. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
10726,US Intelligence Warns of Likely Al Qaeda Terror Attack Day Before Election,"Over the course of this year’s US presidential election, which has been nothing if not bizarre, some have repeatedly speculated that the election may not actually happen at all if an... ",0
10727,Facebook bans 99% of users for posting fake news,"November 18, 2016 
As part of efforts to halt the dissemination of inaccurate reporting and propaganda on social media, Facebook has now blocked all status updates by ‘fake’ happy families. Likewise in the interests of truth, all images of new possessions will now be accompanied by scans of the various debtor agency letters, credit card warnings and the inevitable divorce certificate. 
‘Identifying “the truth” is actually quite difficult in an algorithm-driven environment,’ explained CEO Mark Zuckerber. ‘But anyone could see that the shots of this happy couple on a beach in Marbella were entirely bogus, considering the discovery of her clandestine affair, and his ongoing problem drinking.’ 
Unfortunately Facebook is awash with liars – like holier-than-thou Animal Rights supporters who secretly scoff burgers. Or staged images of ‘angelic’ grandchildren – who off camera are referred to as ‘snotty little shits’ who talk through the soaps. The same with sunset views of shapely legs; they are just photo-shopped knees, which normally resemble a pair of bowling bowls ‘lost in a sausage factory’. 
Anticipating a serious loss of revenue from lack of usership, Zuckerberg has announced plans for ‘FuckOffBook’– catering to the new straight-talking age of Brexit and Trump. It will encourage ‘honest’ discourse between new users with faeces and middle finger emojis. ‘We will not rest in our commitment to ending the scourge of fake news. And that’s as sure as Hillary Clinton ordered 9/11, and President Elect Trump won the popular vote.’ Dr Turmoil & SJ Roe (team effort!) Share this story... 
  Guest   Guest ..",0
10728,CNN Host Scolds Conway on Trump's Treatment of Reporters. Then She Flips Script With 1 Big Question,"Share on Twitter 
Donald Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway took incoming fire on behalf of her boss about the candidate's treatment of reporters covering his campaign. 
Wolf Blitzer asked Conway to convince Trump not to ridicule reporters at his rallies, saying that they are “scared” violence will go down: 
“He shouldn't be doing that. I mean, can you talk to him? And say to him, 'Mr. Trump, we only have a few days left, these are hardworking young journalists, they deserve to have some security,' if you will, because some of those Trump supporters out there, they get pretty nasty with what they're screaming at these young people.” Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN 
Conway said she would tell him. And then, she calmly withdrew her rhetorical scalpel, checked the glinting blade by the bright studio lights and carved out the reasons for Blitzer on why the reporters who cover the candidate deserve ridicule. 
She mentioned the WikiLeaks email which showed reporters had sought approval for stories from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta: 
""...[T]hat's not journalism, that's advocacy and, frankly, that's collusion. So if there's any spectrum between coziness to collaboration to collusion—any of that would bother us. 
Many journalists have admitted that Donald Trump has compelled them to suspend objective standards of journalism. I think Americans deserve to have the race covered fairly."" 
Blitzer interrupted to mention the scared young reporters who might be harmed by Trump supporters. 
Conway said: 
“[T]he only violence I saw at rallies so far was what we saw on video tape by somebody whose cohorts were at the White House 346 times, actively paying people—$1,500 a pop—to be protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies. That's being done by Democratic operatives. The stink goes all the way up the chain through the DNC and related groups to Hillary Clinton's campaign. That's all I saw, but I'll make a deal with those embeds [cross talk with Wolf]...I'll excuse some of their tweets, but their twitter feed for some of them—we've done an analysis— 85%-90% negative toward Donald Trump.” Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN 
Then Conway asked Blitzer a final, rhetorical question about the coverage of the campaign: 
“I wonder if the way the news is being covered in this election cycle, particularly in the last few weeks, is the way Americans actually see the news and see the race? It's not clear to me that they're being told is what they think is important to them is what is being reported to them.” 
Conway claimed that what people at Trump rallies are concerned with are jobs, ObamaCare and defeating ISIS, not necessarily what's being reported. ",0
10729,University of Washington Tacoma Declares Proper Grammar Is Racist - Breitbart,"The Writing Center at the University of Washington, Tacoma, is telling students that expecting Americans to use proper grammar perpetuates racism. [A press release put out by UW Tacoma’s Writing Center argues that “there is no inherent ‘standard’ of English,” and that pressure to conform to proper American grammar standards perpetuate systems of racism.  “Linguistic and writing research has shown clearly for many decades that there is no inherent ‘standard’ of English,” claims the writing center’s statement. “Language is constantly changing. These two facts make it very difficult to justify placing people in hierarchies or restricting opportunities and privileges because of the way people communicate in particular versions of English. ” The university’s Writing Center Director, Dr. Asoa Inoue, suggests that racism has produced certain unfair standards in education. “It is a founding assumption that, if believed, one must act differently than we, the institution and its agents, have up to this point,” Inoue claimed. While overt racism is usually easily identified, more elusive are microaggressions, forms of degradation which manifest on a subconscious and casual level. As the statement reads “Racism is pervasive. It is in the systems, structures, rules, languages, expectations, and guidelines that make up our classes, school, and society. ” The university’s Vice Chancellor, Jill Purdy, claimed that the Writing Center’s new statement is a great example of how academia can fight back against racism. “Language is the bridge between ideas and action,” she claimed. “So how we use words has a lot of influence on what we think and do. ”",0
10730,Words from the Ancient Past: The Sogdian Ancient Letters,"Ancient Origins Words from the Ancient Past: The Sogdian Ancient Letters 
The Sogdians were a people of Iranian origin who lived in the fertile valleys of Central Asia between the sixth century BC and tenth century AD. The secret to the Sogdians’ success was their knack for commerce. Building cities in what is today Uzbekistan and Tajikistan, the Sogdian merchants became vital go-betweens for trade on the Silk Road. The legacy of these people is also preserved in the fragments of writings that remain with us today. Many of the documents are translations of Buddhist scriptures. More intriguingly, there are also five nearly-complete personal letters that paint a vivid picture of what life was like for the ordinary people living in a vast trade society. Sogdians on an Achaemenid Persian relief from the Apadana of Persepolis, offering tributary gifts to the Persian king Darius I, 5th century BC ( public domain ) 
The five letters were discovered in 1907 by Aurel Stein, a famous British archaeologist, in the ruins of a Chinese watchtower that guarded the city of Dunhuang (an administrative and cultural center modern-day Gansu Province). The tower stood at the western approaches of the city, which would have been an important stop on Silk Road trading routes. These letters “are the earliest substantial examples of Sogdian writing and thus provide extremely important information about the early history of the Sogdian diaspora along the eastern end of the silk route” (Sims-Williams, 2004). Some experts theorize that the letters had been confiscated by the Chinese officials at a time when Chinese control over this region was under threat; others suggest that they were abandoned in the hasty flight of a deliveryman fleeing from the city. The letters were found outside Dunhuang, pictured ( sand and tsunamis / flickr ) 
Each letter had evidence of being folded and refolded several times; they also bore the names of the senders and intended recipients on the outside. At least two were written by people in Dunhuang. The letters are believed to have been part of a ‘mailbag’ traveling among the major cities of the region. Letters nos. 2 and 5 concern the commercial activity of the writers, who were most likely merchants or their representatives abroad. The author of Letter 2 lived in Jincheng (modern-day Lanzhou, also in Gansu province), a town built at the entrance to a pass between the southern mountains and the northern deserts that ultimately leads to Dunhuang, a gateway known as the Hexi Corridor. The author was a member of the Sogdian diaspora living in China; he was a representative of a wealthy Sogdian merchant in Samarkand. He wrote to the home office to relate the recent attacks by the Huns on the Chinese cities of Yeh and Luoyang. “The last emperor, so they say, fled from Luoyang because of the famine and fire was set to his palace and to the city, and the palace was burnt and the city [destroyed]. Luoyang is no more, Yeh is no more! […] And, sirs, if I were to write to you about how China has fared, it would be beyond grief: there is no profit for you to gain from it […] [in] Luoyang… the Indians and the Sogdians there had all died of starvation” (Sims-William quoted in Vaissière, 2003). The letter also expresses concerns involving the distribution of some money that the author had deposited back at home. 
Sogdian script on the Bugut Inscription (585), central Mongolia. Sogdian is the distant ancestor of the Mongolian script. ( public domain ) 
Letter 5 originated in Guzang, located within the Hexi Corridor northwest of Luoyang. The intended recipient “may have been resident in Khotan, an important town along the southern silk route just before it crosses the Pamir Mountains to reach the oases of Transoxania, the region between the Amu Darya and Syr Darya rivers” (Sims-Williams, 2004). This letter also discusses the difficult conditions wrought on China by the Huns. This author seems to be in a more perilous position than the author of Letter 2: he complains that his commercial partner has just abandoned him. Huns in battle with the Alans, an Iranian nomadic pastoral people of antiquity. An 1870s engraving after a drawing by Johann Nepomuk Geiger ( public domain ) 
Letters 1 and 3 are of a different nature. They were written by a woman named Mewnai (“tiger cub”) whose husband Nanaidat (“created by the goddess Nanai”) had abandoned her in Dunhuang. The first letter is addressed to Mewnai’s mother, Catis; the third letter is addressed to Nanaidat and written on behalf of Mewnai and Nanidat’s daughter, Sen. Both letters describe how Mewnai and Sen have been living in Dunhuang for over 3 years without any word from Nanaidat. As they have run out of clothes and money, Mewnai begs to be allowed to return to her parents’ home. However, the closest relative of her husband, a man named Farnxund, is refusing to let them leave. Mewnai writes that a priest has offered to provide the mother and daughter with a camel and escort; he implores Mewnai to go home. In the first letter, Mewnai asks her mother if it is okay to agree to the priest’s offer. In the other letter, Mewnai and Sen say that if Nanaidat does not speak up soon, they will be sold by Fernxund into the servitude of the Chinese. There is a good chance Nanaidat died while out on the dangerous trade roads. In any case, there is no evidence of what ever happened to this small Sogdian family. An 8th-century figurine of a Sogdian man wearing a distinctive cap and face veil, possibly a camel rider or even a Zoroastrian priest engaging in a ritual at a fire temple, since face veils were used to avoid contaminating the holy fire with breath or saliva ( public domain ) 
Much of what is known about the Sogdians comes from Chinese chronicles in which the phrases ‘inland Silk Road’ and ‘Sogdian trading network’ are all but synonymous. Other references to the people come from Greek, Indian, Arabic, Byzantine, and Armenian sources. The renowned traders sold musk, silver goods, silk, and slaves. Sogdian city-states, such as Samarkand and Bukhara, were cosmopolitan urban centers of culture but were never very powerful. 
Top image: Sogdian text. Manichaean Letter ( public domain )",0
10731,How Voting Machines Are Programmed In Order To Steal Elections,"November 3, 2016 at 5:27 pm GMT • 100 Words 
Computers, paper ballots, acorns, peas, corn cobs, it doesn’t matter which medium is employed the cold hard fact being : 
Democrats cannot win an election without cheating, and they most likely have never won a single election without cheating. 
The old worn-out cliche’ about grandpa having been a republican voter all of his life, and after he passed away he switched to voting for the democrats, this running joke has been around for eons and there is always a spark of truth to be found in persistant rumors. 
And this FACT, the fact of eternal cheating by the democrats, is what is being brought out of the closet by DT, and things will change in a most profound manner as a result. 
Authenticjazzman, “Mensa” Society member of forty-plus years, and pro jazz performer.",0
10732,"By Taking Back Money, Wells Fargo’s Board Seems to Recall Its Role - The New York Times","As John G. Stumpf, the chief executive of Wells Fargo, prepares to face a congressional tribunal on Thursday for the second time in two weeks, questions are intensifying about the bank’s sham accounts scandal and its lethargic response to it. And late Tuesday, with the focus of the criticism spreading from the bank’s chief executive to its board, the company’s directors took action. Announcing an investigation into the bank’s sales practices, the board said Mr. Stumpf would forfeit approximately $41 million worth of stock awards, forgo his salary during the inquiry and receive no bonus for 2016. The Wells Fargo board also announced the immediate retirement of Carrie L. Tolstedt, the former senior executive vice president of community banking, who ran the unit where the fake accounts were created. She will forfeit $19 million in stock grants, will receive neither a bonus for this year nor a severance, and will be denied certain enhancements in retirement pay, the board said. These actions by the Wells Fargo board, while welcome, were slow in coming. A corporate board has many duties, but three of the most crucial are at the center of the Wells Fargo mess. One is to assess the risks inherent in the company’s business and handle them before they develop into a crisis. Another is to dispense compensation that does not encourage bad behavior. And finally, a board must monitor a company’s culture, from top to bottom. The Wells Fargo board has disappointed in all three. “Unfortunately, it appears that the bank’s response was to view the problem as employee misconduct and to fire people as opposed to looking at the supervisory chain and culture,” said Sheila C. Bair, the former chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation who is now president of Washington College in Chestertown, Md. “Culture and tone at the top are exactly what the board should be looking at. ” I asked Mary Eshet, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman, to respond to Ms. Bair’s criticism. She declined and said the company had no comment on the board’s discussions. The Wells Fargo culture is under attack for good reason. For years, the bank pressed its employees to open as many different types of accounts as possible, whether or not their customers needed them, rewarding workers who complied with promotions and bonuses and punishing those who did not. The push for these accounts was so intense and relentless that some bank employees forged customers’ signatures on new accounts to make sales quotas. Mr. Stumpf acknowledged in testimony before the Senate last week that Wells Fargo officials knew about the practice far longer than they had initially stated. It is troubling, given the nature of the scandal and the bank’s failure to correct it, that two Wells Fargo directors are former financial regulators with extensive experience in consumer banking. One is Elizabeth A. Duke, a member of the Federal Reserve Board from 2008 to 2013. She served as chairwoman of the Fed’s committee on consumer and community affairs and also sat on its bank supervision and regulation committee. Ms. Duke joined Wells Fargo’s board in 2015 and is a member of the bank’s credit, finance and risk committees. In its proxy filing, Wells Fargo cited Ms. Duke’s “insight and a unique understanding of risks and opportunities that contribute important risk management experience to the board. ” Cynthia H. Milligan is the other former bank regulator on the Wells Fargo board. A member since 1992, Ms. Milligan was director of banking and finance for the State of Nebraska from 1987 until 1991, responsible for supervising several hundred banks and other financial institutions, the bank said. Neither director would speak to me for this article. From the outside looking in, the composition of the Wells Fargo board seems to check all the right boxes. Its 15 members include top corporate executives, former   United States government officials, an accounting expert and an academic. All are paid well for their work. Last year, directors earned from $279, 000 to $402, 000. Wells Fargo is especially proud of its board’s diversity. Ten of the directors are either female, Asian,   or Hispanic, the company’s proxy said. Women make up 40 percent of its board, twice that of the typical Standard  Poor’s 500 company. As is the case at many large companies, Wells Fargo’s chief executive, Mr. Stumpf, is also its board chairman. In that role, he made recommendations on pay to the human resources committee charged with setting compensation for his top lieutenants. During the last three years, Ms. Tolstedt received compensation worth over $27 million, according to Wells Fargo’s proxy statement. She stepped down in July and was scheduled to retire at the end of the year. That process was accelerated on Tuesday. But in his Senate testimony last week, Mr. Stumpf seemed to back away from a role in determining compensation. He also balked when asked if the bank would claw back some of Ms. Tolstedt’s compensation. Claiming that he was not an expert in compensation, he said the Wells Fargo board and its human resources committee would make that decision independently. “I’m not part of that process,” he said. “I want to make sure that’s a very independent process and nothing that I would say would prejudice their deliberative process. ” But Brian T. Foley, a compensation consultant in White Plains, pointed out that Wells Fargo’s proxy filings clearly state Mr. Stumpf’s direct role in the committee’s incentive pay decisions. Last year’s filing stated that for four top executives at the bank, including Ms. Tolstedt, the committee considered “the recommendations of Mr. Stumpf based on his assessment of their respective 2015 performance,” among other things. Asked about this discrepancy, Ms. Eshet, the Wells Fargo spokeswoman, said in a statement: “The current situation involving the board’s consideration of potential recovery of compensation is different, and Mr. Stumpf did not want to bias that process. He believes it is appropriate for the human resources committee and the board to first consider that issue independently. If the board asks his view during their process, he will of course share it. ” Still, by punting the decision to the committee, Mr. Foley said, Mr. Stumpf showed zero leadership. “Stumpf is saying, ‘I have no involvement in assessing the situation,’ but he’s been doing it year in, year out,” Mr. Foley said in an interview. “I would have expected him to have not only apologized but to have said, ‘I’m not taking a bonus this year, and I’m going to urge the board to be very careful about paying bonuses to any executive officer who knew about the activities or should have known. ’” Some of that happened on Tuesday. Since the financial crisis of 2008, it has become clear that a bank’s compensation practices can pose enormous risks if they reward improper behavior. Wells Fargo’s proxy says as much. It noted that the human resources committee meets each year with the company’s chief risk officer “to review and assess any risks posed by our enterprise incentive compensation programs,” the company said. Still, this meeting did not appear to pick up the risks associated with the unauthorized account openings at Wells Fargo. Ms. Bair said one reason for this lapse may have been a communication breakdown between the risk committee of the Wells Fargo board and its human resources committee. “Compensation drives behavior, but was the risk committee ever briefed on compensation?” Ms. Bair asked. “For any risk committee to do their job, they really have to understand compensation issues. ” In recent years, some shareholders have tried to force Wells Fargo to hire an independent board chairman, contending that the dual role held by Mr. Stumpf assigns too much power to him. Companies whose chief executives also preside over their boards argue that having a lead independent director achieves the necessary balance of power. Wells Fargo made just such a pitch to shareholders at its annual meeting in April when they voted on a proposal requiring the company to engage an independent chairman. The bank’s lead independent director is Stephen W. Sanger, a former chairman and chief executive of General Mills. Contending that its governance structure “is working effectively” and citing Mr. Sanger’s role, Wells Fargo urged shareholders to vote against the proposal. The company was persuasive  —   the proposal garnered support of only 17. 2 percent of votes cast. Depending upon how the board handles the current difficulties, though, such a vote could have a different outcome next year. It’s doubtful that anyone on the Wells Fargo board welcomes the spotlight that is now trained on it. After all, corporate boards rarely have to answer for their actions or inaction. Clearly, the Wells Fargo board has some ’splaining to do. And the sooner it realizes that, the better.",0
10733,"Democrats Rake In Money, Thanks to Suit by Republicans - The New York Times","Democrats denounced it as an assault on democracy and a sop to billionaires when the Supreme Court issued a ruling two years ago that loosened limits on campaign giving. But Hillary Clinton and Democratic Party leaders are now exploiting the decision, funneling tens of millions of dollars from their wealthiest donors into a handful of presidential swing states. The flow of money, documented in Federal Election Commission reports, shows Democrats expanding their   advantage in the final phase of the presidential race, defying expectations at the beginning of the campaign that Republicans would dominate the money chase. Mrs. Clinton and the Democrats are now outpacing Mr. Trump and the Republicans on every front, according to F. E. C. records: Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, her party and outside groups supporting her have raised almost twice as much as Mr. Trump and his allies. The influx of cash and the new rules have allowed the national Democratic Party to overcome a cash shortage and provide Democrats in key states like Virginia and North Carolina with money for early voting drives, additional staff and canvassing aimed up and down the ticket. The Democratic National Committee  —   in debt and underfinanced a year ago  —   has poured nearly $30 million into these key states through the beginning of September. The funding was powered by a surge of   contributions raised by Mrs. Clinton from the likes of James Cameron, the Hollywood director, and George Soros, the retired hedge fund manager, as well as several members of the billionaire Pritzker family. The Republican National Committee has provided the states with just $11 million, limited by Donald J. Trump’s difficulties in persuading the traditional Republican   base to invest in his campaign. “In many ways, we are kind of used to the concept of building our own empire,” said Matt Borges, the executive director of the Republican Party of Ohio, adding that he did not believe Ohio Republicans would be at a disadvantage come Election Day. “I’ll take whatever I can get. ” More than   of the Democrats’ cash went to a dozen presidential battlegrounds critical to any Clinton victory. The biggest beneficiaries were Florida, which has taken in close to $3. 5 million, and Pennsylvania and Ohio, which have each received more than $2 million. In each of those states, the funds from the national party have made a difference, erasing deficits in federal contributions against the respective Republican state parties. The money followed a legal but circuitous route turbocharged by the 2014 ruling in McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission, which struck down   limits on the combined amount one person could donate to all federal candidates and parties in an election cycle. Like other candidates for federal office this year, Mrs. Clinton can accept only up to $5, 400 from any one donor over the course of her campaign. But after the McCutcheon decision, Mrs. Clinton established an agreement last year with the Democratic Party under which she asked her wealthiest patrons to write checks in excess of $300, 000, more than double the old limit, to the Hillary Victory Fund, an account made up of the national and state parties and the Clinton campaign. That amount is a lump sum equal to the total contributions each donor is allowed to give to her campaign and the Democratic National Committee, along with $10, 000 to each of the 38 state party organizations now participating in the arrangements. Because there are no limits on how much money party committees can transfer to one another, most of the state parties have cycled their share back to the Democratic National Committee. The party then moved the cash into a smaller number of battleground states to prepare for Election Day. The effect is a legal   around contribution limits, allowing wealthy donors to give far more than $5, 400 to help Mrs. Clinton where she needs it the most. “If you’re a party leader or a candidate who can attract big enough donors, it means contribution limits are for the little guy,” said Ian Vandewalker, a counsel at the Brennan Center for Justice, which favors tighter controls on political money. “The party leaders, the candidates who have a national name, significant amounts of their war chests are built from these big checks,” he said. The Democrats’ unexpected advantage comes courtesy of a lawsuit filed in 2012 by the Republican National Committee and Shaun McCutcheon, an Alabama businessman. While both parties have used joint   arrangements for years, the decision issued two years ago in the McCutcheon case made it easier to raise and concentrate even more money from the same small group of wealthy donors. At the time, the Supreme Court’s conservative majority rejected concerns that lifting the limit would make candidates more indebted to the biggest donors. During oral arguments, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. dismissed the idea that party leaders or candidates in different states would cooperate by sending their contributions elsewhere as “wild hypotheticals. ” Democrats also castigated the court, arguing that it had paved the way for the wealthiest donors to further dominate campaign giving. “With the rate the Supreme Court is going, there will only be three or four people in the whole country that have to finance our entire political system,” Mrs. Clinton said during an appearance in Oregon the week after the McCutcheon decision. Mrs. Clinton was no doubt exaggerating for effect. Still, the actual numbers are striking: Just 250 donors have accounted for about $44 million in contributions to the Hillary Victory Fund during the last year. Josh Schwerin, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, said that Mrs. Clinton continued to support new restrictions on campaign money, but that the only way to achieve them was to elect more Democrats who shared her views. “Hillary Clinton has fought for campaign finance reform her entire career and, as president, will make it a priority to restore the role of everyday voters in elections,” Mr. Schwerin said, “but the stakes of this election are too high to unilaterally disarm. ” By contrast, the money raised by Mr. Trump and the Republicans, while robust, has been driven chiefly by small checks from his   supporters. And the Republicans have not been as shrewd at maximizing whatever money Mr. Trump’s     have contributed. More of the Republican   money is being directed into national party accounts that cannot be spent directly on the election. And the committee for Trump Victory  —   the collective account set up to receive big contributions for the state, national and Trump campaigns  —   had shared virtually no cash with the state parties through June. A Republican spokeswoman declined to explain why. Only one Republican state organization, the Republican Party of Pennsylvania, had received any cash through August, according to Federal Election Commission records. The amount was $1, 050, to reimburse the party for tables and chairs. In an interview, Mr. McCutcheon said he did not mind that his lawsuit was paying more dividends for Democrats this year. “I think a lot of those Democrats were just publicly saying it was a bad idea, but a lot of them were on board,” he said. “I don’t care what party wins or loses as long as it’s a free speech system. ”",0
10734,Comment on Weiner Forcefully Removed From Hillary Camp by Alma,"Anthony Weiner and Human Abedin have reportedly been turned by the FBI and NYPD after horrific evidence discovered on Weiner’s computer. Hillary’s Shrinking Support 
With news of Hillary’s emails revealing almost unbelievable satanic practices and pedophile activity being embraced by Hillary Clinton and John Podesta, even the DNC supporters of Clinton are beginning to get cold feet. 
Will it be enough to save the nation from the horrors of an openly demonic dictatorship? Stay tuned… 
and pray like your life depends on it. 
♞",0
10735,Duterte’s Free Birth-Control Order Is Latest Skirmish With Catholic Church - The New York Times,"MANILA  —   When Lizel Torreras, 35, became pregnant with her third child, she mixed a tincture of bitter herbs and mahogany bark, a home remedy said to induce abortion. Her husband, who worked as a garbage scavenger, did not make enough money to buy a regular supply of birth control pills, much less raise another child. “With just two kids, we were already struggling,” she said. “The children were going to have a hard time. We might not have been able to send them to school. ” But after three attempts, Ms. Torreras, a churchgoing Catholic, could not bring herself to drink the potion. Like millions of other women in the Philippines who have no access to contraception, Ms. Torreras had the baby. Then another one. The Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, signed an executive order this month calling for the full and immediate enforcement of a 2012 law that would give six million women like Ms. Torreras free   contraception and reproductive health services. Mr. Duterte portrayed the order as an antipoverty measure, with an official calling it “      and   development. ” But the order was also Mr. Duterte’s latest jab at the Roman Catholic Church, which wields significant power in the Philippines and has fought for years to keep the law from taking effect. Under the law, government agencies will provide modern family planning services, including free contraceptives and prenatal care to all women and families. The measure also mandates that sex education be taught in schools and that companies offer reproductive health services to their employees. But the law, which took more than 13 years to be passed by Congress before being signed into law in 2012, has yet to fully take effect, a testament to the power of the Catholic Church,   groups and allied lawmakers. The church and other contraception opponents filed petitions with the Supreme Court, which issued several rulings blocking parts of the law. The court continues to prevent the Health Department from procuring, distributing or selling birth control implants, a ban that women’s health groups fear could be extended to the pill and other forms of hormonal birth control when existing certifications expire in 2018. Last year, Congress cut the Health Department’s budget for contraceptives, citing the court order halting the distribution of implants. Local agencies have administered the law differently in different districts, and sex education in particular has varied widely by school district. This month, Vicente Sotto III, the Senate majority leader, vowed to stop the distribution of condoms in high schools, arguing that they encouraged promiscuity. The battle is not over, but Mr. Duterte’s order provides clear guidance to government agencies and local health officials that they should uphold the law, eliminating some of the ambiguity the various court decisions have caused. And while the church still opposes the law in principle, it has scaled back its public campaign against it. Two archbishops, in interviews, acknowledged defeat. The Duterte administration says it can provide desperately needed services that are vital to lifting millions of people out of poverty. It estimates that there are six million women, two million of whom are poor, who do not have access to modern forms of contraception. Mr. Duterte’s order aims to achieve “zero unmet need for family planning” by 2018, helping to meet his goal of reducing the poverty rate to 14 percent by the end of his administration in 2022, down from the 2015 level of 21. 6 percent. Sex education, advocates say, has been a failure. The Philippines is the only country in Asia where teenage pregnancy increased over the last two decades, according to the United Nations Population Fund. “A lot of the existing education in the Philippines is abstinence only, and this contributes to teenage pregnancy,” said Hope   project coordinator for Likhaan, a nongovernmental organization dedicated to women’s health. Stephanie Carmen, 15, is the kind of teenager Ms.   has in mind. Ms. Carmen, who has a    daughter, says she did not know that sex could result in pregnancy. She has learned the hard way, and says she will get an intrauterine device from Likhaan, which distributes free birth control using private funds and cooperation from the Health Department, as soon as she heals from the birth. “I don’t want any more children,” she said. “It hurts too much. ” Mr. Duterte’s executive order is not his first clash with the church in his seven months in office. He has called the church “the most hypocritical institution,” accusing priests and bishops of graft, corruption and taking mistresses. He called Pope Francis a son of a whore (and later apologized) openly accused the church of pedophilia and claimed to have been sexually abused by a priest as a teenager. And he has accused the church of doing nothing to combat drugs, which he sees as the country’s biggest problem. For its part, the church has opposed his push to reinstate the death penalty and has begun to publicly criticize his antidrug campaign, which has left more than 3, 600 people dead. “We will continue to oppose those because they are inhuman,” said Archbishop Ramón Argüelles of Lipa. He added, of Mr. Duterte, “I think whether he knows it or not, whenever we do anything bad, you are the tool of the devil. If you bring harm to others, you are the devil’s tool. ” Priests across the Philippines have urged citizens to speak out against the killings in the drug campaign. In the days before Christmas, the Redemptorist Church of Baclaran in Manila mounted a photo exhibition of its victims,   corpses strewn in the streets and grieving families, aimed to prick a sense of outrage among churchgoers. Fighting the church is not without risk. More than 80 percent of Filipinos identify as Catholic, and the church was instrumental in toppling two presidents, Ferdinand Marcos in 1986 and Joseph Estrada in 2001. But Mr. Duterte appears to be winning this fight. Rather than repelling Catholics with his sacrilegious outbursts, his willingness to confront the church has endeared him to Filipinos. According to a pair of 2016 polls by Pulse Asia, 86 percent of Filipinos support   reproductive health services, and 55 percent want the administration to prioritize programs to combat poverty. While the church may have lost this battle, Archbishop Argüelles says Mr. Duterte has not won the war. “He said he was going to destroy the church,” the archbishop said. “The only thing I can tell him is that Hitler tried to do that, Bismarck tried to do that, Napoleon tried to do that. The church is still there, all these people are gone. ”",0
10736,Trump Meets With Four Candidates for National Security Adviser - The New York Times,"PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   The sweepstakes for national security adviser expanded on Sunday as President Trump met with four candidates for the job but signaled that he may yet bring more to Florida for interviews. Mr. Trump has been searching for a replacement for Michael T. Flynn, his first national security adviser, who resigned last week at the president’s request because he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and others about a phone call with Russia’s ambassador. The president’s first choice to succeed Mr. Flynn turned down the job, so the White House arranged for four other contenders to fly to his resort,   . Mr. Trump met with John R. Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, a top Army strategist Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr. superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Keith Kellogg, a retired   general serving as acting national security adviser. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said that was not the complete field. “We may have some additional names and meetings” on Monday, she said. She added that Mr. Trump might also summon back one or more of the four he talked with on Sunday for an additional talk. Mr. Trump told reporters on Saturday that he had a favorite, although he did not identify the candidate. “I’ve been thinking about someone for the last three or four days we’ll see what happens,” he said. “I’m meeting with that person. They’re all good they’re all great people. ” In private conversations, the president has praised Mr. Bolton and has noted that many people want him to pick General McMaster, although Mr. Trump seemed convinced that the general had said something unflattering about him during last year’s campaign, according to associates who asked not to be identified sharing private conversations. The White House has had trouble filling some senior positions in part because so many experienced Republicans criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign, and he has vetoed some choices over that. Ms. Sanders said Mr. Trump was entitled to have a team that was on his side. “If you don’t support the president’s agenda, you shouldn’t have a job in the White House,” she said. On a busy holiday weekend, Mr. Trump also attended part of a strategy session on finding a replacement for the Affordable Care Act.",0
10737,"By Seizing the Definition of ‘Populism,’ Reuters Warns Us of Chaos to Come","By Seizing the Definition of ‘Populism,’ Reuters Warns Us of Chaos to Come By - November 10, 2016 
After Trump & Brexit, populist tsunami threatens European mainstream … Back in May, when Donald’s Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election seemed the remotest of possibilities, a senior European official took to Twitter before a G7 summit in Tokyo to warn of a “horror scenario”. Imagine, mused the official, if instead of Barack Obama, Francois Hollande, David Cameron and Matteo Renzi, next year’s meeting of the club of rich nations included Trump, Marine Le Pen, Boris Johnson and Beppe Grillo. -Reuters 
Back in June, we identified what has become an overarching elite meme: “populism versus globalism.” 
We’ve never fully defined populism, and this Reuters article gives us an opportunity to examine the word and the context in which it is being used. 
With Trump’s triumph over his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, the populist tsunami that seemed outlandish a few months ago is becoming reality, and the consequences for Europe’s own political landscape are potentially huge. 
In 2017, voters in the Netherlands, France and Germany – and possibly in Italy and Britain too – will vote in elections that could be colored by the triumphs of Trump and Brexit, and the toxic politics that drove those campaigns. 
The lessons will not be lost on continental Europe’s populist parties, who hailed Trump’s victory on Wednesday as a body blow for the political mainstream. “Politics will never be the same,” said Geert Wilders of the far-right Dutch Freedom Party. “What happened in America can happen in Europe and the Netherlands as well.” 
We can see from these excerpts that “populism” is not seen by Reuters as positive description. In fact, the synonym in the above excerpt is “toxic.” 
“Populism” is contrasted to the “political mainstream” as well. This informs us that populism is irregular, even aberrant. We are living through unusual times and populism is the result. 
Watching the “populism versus globalism” meme advance is fascinating because it is such a significant positioning of propaganda. 
We can see clearly that in many ways mainstream media around the world is not at all hesitant to reveal the basic organizational structure behind it. 
There is no way that populism – and, contrastingly, globalism – would appear ubiquitously in so many arenas without considerable unity among supposedly disparate media. 
In other words, the organization behind this is formidable. It’s not just this one example either that provokes our observations. The powers-that-be were not shy about illustrating the essential linkages between publications during Trump’s election. 
The mainstream sounded as one when it came to Trump. And top-down control was obviously evident, and commented on as well. 
The emergence of “populism versus globalism” doesn’t just provide us with evidence of editorial control. Even more importantly it shows us how those who secretly run our societies find this sort of meme-making to be a priority because it anticipates trends and reinterprets them. 
By beginning to disseminate the meme in the summer, elite media shapers were able to position fall’s narrative – Trump’s win in particular – within the larger context they’d already defined. 
We would suggest that the wave of “populism” sweeping over the US and Europe is at heart a resurgence of a yearning for freedom that is obviously slipping away – not that there was much of it to begin with. 
But the Internet has raised people’s consciousness about what they are losing, and why. As a result, more than ever, people are coming to understand the globalist narrative and are registering their disgust. 
But this is NOT going to be how the mainstream media interprets what is going on. We can already see that people’s determination to shake off political, monetary and military control is going to be interpreted as essentially greedy and selfish. 
We could see this interpretation emerge within the context of Trump’s increasing appeal. Over and over we were told that his support was “rural” and “white” – and that these individuals were flocking to Trump because they were feeling “left out” of the current prosperity and thus resentful. 
Of course, one can interpret this trend much differently. Our perspective is that globalism is at fault here. Initiated and expanded by a tiny group of banking interests, globalism seeks to consolidate worldwide power with a tiny group of massive corporations, governments and technocratic leaders. 
No wonder why so many people in the West feel left out. This vision provides them no room to grow or prosper. In fact they are not – but their emotion at what’s occurring is perfectly reasonable and logical. We wouldn’t characterize it as resentment so much as rightful anger and frustration. 
But Reuters and the other mainstream media have gotten here first and are busily redefining what’s taking place. 
We’ve pointed out that the mainstream may be actively enhancing the meme now that they have gotten control of it. 
The idea is to marry this emergent propaganda with “directed history” and create a series of economic and political disasters that can be directly (if illegitimately) linked to “populism.” 
As populism is denigrated, globalism, in our view, will be uplifted. We’ll be subject to considerable contrasts between “toxic” populism and erudite – “mainstream” – globalism. 
We’ve already indicated that we believe this meme is a cultivated one. We don’t believe that the sudden emergence of populism throughout the West is simply coincidental or even evolutionary. 
We think this meme is being deliberately cultivated and that it is part of a larger Hegelian dialectic that is intended to reinforce globalism in the long-term. You can see some additional speculation here. 
Here at DB we analyze elite memes, their significance and impact. It’s clear to us that the mainstream media is “out front” when it comes to defining “populism” and that there are forces urging it on. 
The conclusion of the meme will probably involve a series of catastrophes that will further cultivate and expand globalism. It’s happened before, especially after the 20 th century’s world wars. There is no real reason to think the playbook has been significantly adjusted. 
Conclusion: This meme is not only of the utmost importance, it is clearly warning us of considerable distress to come.",0
10738,"Review: ‘“Master Harold” … and the Boys,’ a Searing Indictment of Racism - The New York Times","There is good reason that “‘Master Harold’   …     and the Boys” ranks among the South African writer Athol Fugard’s most celebrated and popular plays. As the sterling new production that opened on Monday at the Signature Theater attests, this quiet drama remains a powerful indictment of the apartheid system and the terrible human cost of the racism it codified and legalized. At a time when systemic racism and its roots are once again a subject of national discussion in America, it feels particularly, and sorrowfully, pertinent. The   play, here directed with care by Mr. Fugard himself, takes place in 1950, in a modest tea shop in the town of Port Elizabeth. Sam (Leon Addison Brown) in his 40s, works in the shop and wears a waiter’s uniform his   Willie (Sahr Ngaujah) about Sam’s age, does more of the rough work and is dressed accordingly. They are black the    Hally (Noah Robbins) the son of the tea shop’s owners, is white. He arrives from school on a rainy afternoon and greets Sam and Willie cheerfully. The relationship among them is warm, although Willie calls Hally “Master Hally,” while Sam calls him by just his name. But unsettling news spoils Hally’s friendly demeanor, at least temporarily. He learns that his mother has gone to the hospital to bring home his ailing father, for whom Hally clearly has little affection. When Willie tosses a rag in mock anger at Sam, and it hits Hally, he says sharply: “Cut out the nonsense now and get on with your work. And you too, Sam. Stop fooling around. ” Their relationship is dictated not by their age or intelligence or behavior, but by the color of their skin. Generally, Sam’s rapport with Hally is almost fatherly in a particularly touching passage, they recall with affection a day they shared flying a kite. After Hally talks about being punished for an infraction at school, he is aghast when Sam describes what it’s like to be caned by the police. His intelligence tells him that the racist system his country lives by is morally wrong. “I oscillate between hope and despair for this world as well, Sam,” he says, when Sam expresses a cynical view of the future. “But things will change, you wait and see. One day somebody is going to get up and give history a kick up the backside and get it going again. ” The emotional power of the play resides at first in the affection Sam shows toward Hally. Mr. Brown gives an understated and deeply touching performance. Although Sam was never educated  —   as he flips through Hally’s textbooks, he marvels at the words he doesn’t know  —   Mr. Brown underscores his acute moral intelligence. Faith in his dignity as a human being shines in Sam’s every word and act  —   and, what’s more, a compassion for Hally that allows him to put up with the young man’s slips into casual condescension. As the more juvenile Willie, Mr. Ngaujah, best known for creating the title role in the musical “Fela! ,” is bubbly and likable. His obsession with a coming dance contest brings humor into the play, as Willie rants about his girlfriend’s leaden feet. Perhaps it would help, Sam sternly suggests, if he didn’t beat her when she makes a wrong move. Mr. Robbins is superb, as well, as Hally. Beginning with a fine South African accent, his performance brings out all the nuances in the character: his innate good nature, which has been nurtured by Sam, although Hally doesn’t recognize it his natural intelligence, despite those lousy math scores his submerged guilt and sorrow over his relationship with his father and the hints of patronization that occasionally creep into his conversation. The play moves to a harrowing conclusion when Sam gently admonishes Hally for saying disrespectful things about his father, and Hally lashes out. The moment is shocking, and heartbreaking, too, as we watch a stricken Hally absorb the enormity of what he has done: Mr. Robbins’s face grows ashen, and he sits in his chair with a deathlike stillness. The moment illustrates, too, how it is often our inner demons that stoke our disrespect  —   or worse  —   for others. With his outburst, it seems that the kind but callow boy has suddenly and inadvertently taken the first steps to becoming a man. But the question remains: Having grown up absorbing the racism that is endemic in his culture  —   its omnipresence is subtly symbolized by the rain we hear pelting down throughout the play  —   what kind of man can he become?",0
10739,Comedy Central Launches Late-Night Trump-Mocking ’President Show’,"Comedy Central is set to debut a new weekly late night series, The President Show, that will see comedian Anthony Atamanuik play a parody President Donald Trump who will address the American people straight from the Oval Office. [The new show, created by Atamanuik, will premier on Thursday, April 27 and will reportedly run weekly if it becomes a ratings success.  “When I was first approached about this show I thought it would be about me, but on further thought, this makes way more sense,” Comedy Central president Kent Alterman said.  Comedy Central released a short video clip on Monday, which offers a glimpse of what audiences can expect from Atamanuik’s parody Trump.   . @LateNightDonald makes a surprising announcement. No, he’s not resigning. #PresidentShowpic. twitter.   —   The President Show (@PresidentShow) April 3, 2017,  “They unzipped my pants. They got on their knees, it was disgusting,” Atamanuik says, surrounded by a gaggle of reporters on Air Force One. “And I would get incredible ratings, some of the best ratings, huge ratings. Great ratings, ok? And they’d say, You want to be on the same channel as Noah Trevor, or whatever the guy’s name is. Who cares? Whatever. I said just invite me on and be nice. ” “I’ll have the best guests, the most beautiful women. It will be so funny, the most funny show,” he says. Atamanuik has made something of a career out of lampooning the president. The 30 Rock alum has performed his Trump impersonation on The View, CNN’s Newsroom, and on a   Trump vs. Bernie debate comedy tour that aired on Fusion. “Laughing at the President is a proud American tradition and we hope not to disappoint anyone in that department,” Atamanuik said in a statement. “But our political system is too broken for us to be content joking about one man, even though he is a disastrous silly little toddler boy. Mostly I’d just like to thank Comedy Central for giving us this platform to speak truth to power and if we’re lucky, end up in prison!”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
10740,More Migrants Pitch Tents on Paris Streets as Calais Camp Shuts,"More Migrants Pitch Tents on Paris Streets as Calais Camp Shuts Ingrid Melander, Reuters, October 28, 2016 
The number of migrants sleeping rough on the streets of Paris has risen by at least a third since the start of the week when the “Jungle” shanty town in Calais was evacuated, officials said on Friday. 
Along the bustling boulevards and a canal in a northeastern corner of Paris, hundreds of tents have been pitched by migrants–mostly Africans who say they are from Sudan–with cardboard on the ground to try and insulate them from the autumn chill. 
While the presence of migrants there is not new, it has grown substantially this week, Colombe Brossel, Paris deputy mayor in charge of security issues, told Reuters. 
“We have seen a big increase since the start of the week. Last night, our teams counted 40 to 50 new tents there in two days,” Brossel said, adding there was now a total of 700 to 750. 
This means there are some 2,000-2,500 sleeping in the area, up from around 1,500 a few days before, she said. 
{snip} 
After years as serving as an illegal base camp for migrants trying to get to Britain, the “Jungle” at Calais was finally bulldozed this week and the more than 6,000 residents of the ramshackle camp near the English channel were relocated to shelters around France. 
{snip} 
Ama, a 24-year-old Sudanese who is six months pregnant, said she had come to Paris from Calais, but that was months ago. 
“I was in Calais before but I did not find the route (to Britain),” she said. “I couldn’t stay over there being pregnant, it was too hard.” 
Deputy Mayor Brossel said it was up to the central government, and not city authorities, to act. 
“These people must be sheltered,” she said. 
{snip}",0
10741,“Memoirs Of A Misogynist” Is A Brutal And Entertaining Look At Our Sexual Dystopia,"The following post was sponsored by Chad Cocker and written by Matt Forney 
Everyone says that you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover, but that’s really difficult when the cover makes you throw up a little in your mouth. That’s how I felt when I was tasked with writing a review of Chad T. Cocker’s Memoirs of a Misogynist: An Erotic Novel for Men . What kind of “man” would want to read an erotic novel? Romance and erotica are female masturbation material; trying to write a Harlequin novel men is like marketing lesbian porn to actual lesbians.
Or so I thought.
Despite the packaging, Memoirs of a Misogynist is one of the best works I’ve read this year. Contrary to Cocker’s marketing, the novel is a examination of life as a man in modern America, filtered through the protagonist’s relationships with women. While it starts slowly, Cocker’s prose and honesty save the day and make Memoirs of a Misogynist absolutely worth your time and money.
From The Marquis De Sade To Neomasculinity 
Because mainstream publishing almost exclusively caters to women, underground and independent writers have turned to fill the void of male-centric literature. From braggadocios “fratire” writers like Tucker Max and Maddox to “loser lit” authors such as Andy Nowicki and Ann Sterzinger to our very own Roosh and Quintus Curtius, there’s a surfeit of alternative writing for men who are sick of the misandry and feminism of the “real” literary world.
Viewed against the backdrop of alternative publishing, Memoirs of a Misogynist is an odd animal indeed. When I first picked it up, I assumed it would be a tell-all memoir along the lines of Roosh’s A Dead Bat in Paraguay, or a roman à clef in the fashion of Charles Bukowski’s work. However, it does indeed live up to its subtitle, as much of the novel is devoted to lengthy, detailed descriptions of the protagonist’s sexual encounters:
She’d also gotten used to her chastity belt, and that scared her. It still didn’t sit well with her that Master had total control over her sexual gratification. Slave was constantly wet and horny, and that made her even more compliant. The orgasms that Master gave her were unlike anything she had experienced before. They were mind-blowing. Even after a year together, their sex was electric and deeply satisfying.
In the introduction, Cocker warns us that the book is “possibly the dirtiest, most depraved, and most offensive novel you’ve ever read,” making me wonder if he’s ever heard of 120 Days of Sodom. Still, the structure of Memoirs’ plot and the skill of Cocker’s prose shows that he’s both acquainted with classic erotica and has actually had sex with a lot of girls. The first half of the book is reminiscent of Pauline Reage’s Story of O, in which a woman is systematically trained to become a sex slave.
Interestingly, Memoirs of a Misogynist also seems inspired by Venus in Furs: not the Velvet Underground song, but the erotic novel by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch. It’s from Sacher-Masoch that we derive the term “masochism,” the tendency to derive sexual pleasure from pain (akin to how “sadism” is derived from Sade), as the plot revolves around a man who desires nothing more than to be utterly subservient to his mistress. Severin’s humiliation at the hands of his lover drives him to become a “misogynist” in the same way that Cocker’s protagonist is one:
That woman, as nature has created her, and man at present is educating her, is man’s enemy. She can only be his slave or his despot, but never his companion. This she can become only when she has the same rights as he and is his equal in education and work.
(It’s worth noting that Sacher-Masoch was a feminist and believed that equal relationships with women would only become possible with women’s liberation. Insert your own joke here.)
Power Doesn’t Care What You Need, As Long As You’re On Your Knees 
Enjoying Memoirs of a Misogynist requires you to get past the initial few chapters, which read like Fifty Shades of Grey with about 30 extra IQ points. The initial plot concerns Melinda, a runaway who falls into the care of a wealthy man who goes unnamed for most of the book. After offering her room and board, the man and Melinda begin a relationship, sealed by a contract where she agrees to become his sexual plaything:
“My body is my Master’s. It is his blank canvas, for him to modify as many times, and in as many different ways as he chooses.” He could hear her breath quickening as he read. “He will control my bodily functions; most particularly my orgasms. I will only orgasm when my Master allows me.” 
What saves the book—and what kept me reading—was its depiction of the protagonist (henceforth referred to as “Master”). Far from the masturbatory blank slate that Christian Grey was, Cocker depicts Master as a complex and conflicted character, constantly trying to rationalize the way he treats Melinda (later re-christened “Slave”). Cocker’s deft writing kept me wondering what the protagonist’s motivations were all the way to the end. The book also frequently switches to Melinda’s perspective; while it’s usually a challenge for male writers to depict female characters (and vice versa), Cocker is skilled enough to make her compelling as well.
Where Memoirs really picks up is in the second half, which is set nearly ten years later. The focus shifts to Elizabeth Avery, a disgraced doctor stripped of her medical license after she’s caught abusing a male patient. Destitute and despondent, she accepts a job as the personal physician of Master’s stable of whores, his lifestyle offending her feminist sensibilities:
Doctor Avery’s world was spinning. She tried to distance herself. This was just a patient, after all. She was being paid a significant amount of money for this job—the kind of money that would solve a lot of her problems. Regardless, she couldn’t help but be disgusted that a woman had allowed herself to be treated this way. He’d said she consented to this. In fact, the way she looked at the man showed she clearly loved him, and was a willing participant in her modifications and degradation. The woman, or Melinda, as the man had called her, looked up at him with what the doctor could only call adoration.
Once again, it would have been easy for Cocker to depict Elizabeth as a raging, bra-burning feminist stereotype, but he agilely avoids clichés in favor of nuance. Elizabeth isn’t portrayed as a fire-breathing misandrist, but as a woman who unthinkingly absorbs leftist cant and has her life ruined because of it. The final chapters of the book show Elizabeth tussling with the sexual arousal she feels working for “Mr. X” (her name for the protagonist) and her attempts to maintain her beliefs as the evidence of her failed life piles up. I won’t spoil the ending, other than to say that after finishing the book, I had to sit on it and digest it for a few days.
Each chapter of Memoirs begins with a factual statistic about the state of men and boys in America today, a jarring contrast with the depravity of the book’s action. I initially wondered why they were there, but as I approached the end of the book, it all suddenly clicked. Memoirs of a Misogynist is a biting look at what our toxic sexual marketplace does to men and women. American dating is like an acid bath: no one who dives into it comes out unscathed. Even men who are successful at getting laid are affected by what they have to do to get ahead. There are no winners, no saints, and no role models: just people trying to make the best of a broken system.
As I stated earlier, Memoirs takes a while to really get going, and if you’re not into lascivious descriptions of sex, the book won’t appeal to you. But if you want a haunting, piercing look at the horror show of modern gender relations, Memoirs of a Misogynist is a must-buy. I can’t wait to see what Cocker comes up with next.
Click Here to buy Memoirs of a Misogynist 
Advertise Your Product Or Site On Return Of Kings 
",0
10742,Court Upholds Doping-Related Ban on Russia at Paralympics - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The highest court for world sports has upheld the decision to ban Russia from the Paralympic Games because of widespread doping, rejecting an appeal by the country and issuing what is considered the final word on the matter. The Court of Arbitration for Sport said in announcing its decision Tuesday that the punishment by the International Paralympic Committee “was proportionate. ” Russia, the court noted, “did not file any evidence contradicting the facts” on which officials had based their decision. The International Paralympic Committee had voted unanimously this month to ban Russia from the competition, which begins here on Sept. 7, after an investigation commissioned by antidoping regulators found that elaborate   violations in the country extended to its top disabled athletes. Russia has been a power in the Paralympics, winning 80 medals  —   nearly 40 percent of the total  —   at the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi, Russia. The decision of the International Paralympic Committee went beyond the sanctions imposed by the International Olympic Committee, which had considered but rejected a blanket ban on Russian athletes. The official who ran the   programs at the 2014 Olympic and Paralympic Games said he had swapped the urine samples of the country’s top Olympians and Paralympians who were doping with clean ones. Forensic evidence confirmed a coordinated cheating effort by Russia, according to a report published by the World   Agency last month. The report concluded that the authorities, including the Sports Ministry, had covered up the use of   drugs by top athletes for years. When the International Paralympic Committee ban was announced on Aug. 7, Philip Craven, the committee’s president, denounced Russia’s “thirst for glory” and what he called its “medals over morals” mentality, adding that Russia’s antidoping system was “broken, corrupted and entirely compromised. ” On Tuesday, Mr. Craven struck a more conciliatory tone. “It is not a day for celebration, and we have enormous sympathy for the Russian athletes who will now miss out,” he said in a statement. “We hope this decision acts as a catalyst for change in Russia. ” The banned substances protocol for the Paralympics is different from that in the Olympics. Therapeutic exemptions are made for some Paralympians, but the use of anabolic steroids  —   which Russia’s antidoping lab director said was common among top medal contenders  —   is unequivocally prohibited. The Russian sports minister, Vitaly Mutko, expressed frustration with the International Paralympic Committee’s vote, calling the blanket ban “beyond belief” in an interview with the Russian news agency Interfax. Russian Paralympians had participated a series of videos in recent weeks, seeking to persuade sports officials to let them compete. The number of Russian athletes at the Olympic Games here, which concluded Sunday, was affected by the findings of the recent investigation. More than a hundred Russian athletes were barred from competition. The country won 56 medals at this year’s Summer Games, roughly a third fewer than at the 2012 Games in London. As the Rio Games approached, the I. O. C. considered a total ban of all Russian athletes. But it ultimately decided against what the organization’s president called a “nuclear option” that would have resulted in “death and devastation” and run counter to the inclusive spirit of the Games. Instead, Russian athletes were considered tainted, Olympic officials said, and only those who could demonstrate a rigorous history of   testing were allowed to compete. In voting to bar all Russian athletes, Paralympic officials, who typically act in accordance with Olympic officials, had taken a bolder decision, which Russia promptly challenged in court. “It’s an unprecedented decision,” Mr. Mutko told Interfax. “I don’t understand what it’s based on. ”",0
10743,10 Ways America Is Preparing for World War 3,"October 31, 2016 at 4:52 am 
Pretty factual except for women in the selective service. American military is still voluntary only and hasn't been a draft since Vietnam war. The comment was made by a 4 star general of the army about drafting women and he said it to shut up liberal yahoos.﻿",0
10744,California Secessionists to Meet at Capitol Day After Presidential Election,"
By Joseph Jankowski 
An organization which has the aim to separate the state of California from the Union of the United States is set to hold a meeting at the state capitol in Sacramento on Wednesday, November 9, 2016, the day after the presidential election. 
The Yes California Independence Campaign , which is based in San Diego, describes itself as a “nonviolent campaign to establish the country of California using any and all legal and constitutional means to do so.” 
The group is currently trying to qualify a citizen’s initiative in 2018 to get a referendum for secession on the ballot in 2019, reports SF Gate . They will be in Sacramento in hopes to gather support for the state’s exit, or the “Calexit,” as they call it. 
“In our view, the United States of America represents so many things that conflict with Californian values, and our continued statehood means California will continue subsidizing the other states to our own detriment, and to the detriment of our children,” reads Yes California ’s official website. 
The group’s page reads on: 
Although charity is part of our culture, when you consider that California’s infrastructure is falling apart, our public schools are ranked among the worst in the entire country, we have the highest number of homeless persons living without shelter and other basic necessities, poverty rates remain high, income inequality continues to expand, and we must often borrow money from the future to provide services for today, now is not the time for charity. However, this independence referendum is about more than California subsidizing other states of this country. It is about the right to self-determination and the concept of voluntary association, both of which are supported by constitutional and international law.
It is about California taking its place in the world, standing as an equal among nations. We believe in two fundamental truths: (1) California exerts a positive influence on the rest of the world, and (2) California could do more good as an independent country than it is able to do as a just a U.S. state. 
Yes California ’s website lays out 9 different points covering topics the group believes will benefit from a California exit from the US, including education, peace and security, debt and taxes and immigration. 
One blog post on their page draws parallels with a “Calexit” and the recent referendum known as “Brexit” that passed in the UK in June which showed that most British people are ready for their country to leave the EU. 
The push for secession is nothing new to California. In 1941 the mayor of Port Orford, Oregon, Gilbert Gable, proposed the idea to push the Oregon counties of Curry, Josephine, Jackson, and Klamath to join with the California counties of Del Norte, Siskiyou, and Modoc to form a new state, later named Jefferson. 
Modoc County of Northern California voted in 2013 to join neighboring Siskiyou County in a push to secede from the State of California . 
In 2014, two counties in northern California petitioned for the right to form a 51st State of America, which they also wanted to name Jefferson. 
Joseph Jankowski is a contributor for Planet Free Will.com . His works have been published by recognizable alternative news sites like GlobalResearch.ca, ActivistPost.com, Mintpressnews.com and ZeroHedge.com. 
Follow Planet Free Will on Twitter @ twitter.com/PlanetFreeWill 
Subscribe to our newsletter – The Information Leak 
Photo Credit: US National Flag and California State Flag, City Hall, Santa Monica (Ed Uthman/ Flickr ) Activist Post Daily Newsletter Subscription is FREE and CONFIDENTIAL Free Report: 10 Ways to Survive the Economic Collapse with subscription ",0
10745,The Hidden Symbolism In Clinton’s Election Night Venue (TWEETS/VIDEO),"The Hidden Symbolism In Clinton’s Election Night Venue (TWEETS/VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey   
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has made history this year by becoming the first woman nominated to run for president by a major party. In less than two weeks, we will likely be celebrating our first female president. 
Hillary Clinton picked a beautiful place to plan to spend election night; the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York. 
She will break a metaphorical glass ceiling under a real glass ceiling when that special moment happens. About the building : “The structure is an 840,000 square foot venue that sits on the Hudson River and has hosted numerous events. It’s most striking aspect is that most of it is made of glass.” 
More about the building : “Operated by the New York Convention Center Operation Corporation (NYCCOC), a public benefit corporation, the Javits Center helps drive the economies of New York State and New York City, generating an impressive $1.5 billion in economic activity and supporting 14,000 jobs. Nowhere in the country will you find a more sought-after, state-of-the-art facility—one with the extensive resources, services and staff of elite professionals dedicated to making every trade show, convention and special event a success.” Reminder: The Javits Center, where Hillary Clinton is holding her election night party, has a literal glass ceiling pic.twitter.com/RvGLDx9cAc 
— Elliot Smilowitz (@SmiloTweets) October 26, 2016 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has a connection to this building. He wanted to build it, but the city ended up overseeing the project, so he decided it was just a terrible project altogether. What a sore loser. 
Explained in Trump’s book, The Art of the Deal , he said : “What happened at that convention center is that the city and state took a great piece of property and a great project and ruined it through terrible planning and ridiculous cost overruns.” 
The GOP is not as optimistic as Clinton is. In fact, the Michigan GOP has decided to cancel the election night rally they were going to have. 
Michigan GOP communications director Sarah Anderson said : “It is a costly endeavor and we are using all available resources to elect Republicans.” 
Here she is talking about glass ceilings in a video from the 2008 campaign after she lost the primary to Barack Obama: 
Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect",0
10746,C праздником ребята и спасибо вам!,"Be the First to Comment! Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Search articles",0
10747,"As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   You might call it a Noah’s Ark for an era of melting polar ice sheets. An audacious plan to respond to climate change by building a city of floating islands in the South Pacific is moving forward, with the government of French Polynesia agreeing to consider hosting the islands in a tropical lagoon. The project is being put forward by a California nonprofit, the Seasteading Institute, which has raised about $2. 5 million from more than 1, 000 interested donors. Randolph Hencken, the group’s executive director, said work on the project could start in French Polynesia as early as next year, pending the results of some environmental and economic feasibility studies. “We have a vision that we’re going to create an industry that provides floating islands to people who are threatened by rising sea levels,” Mr. Hencken said. The group’s original founders included Peter Thiel, a billionaire investor and prominent supporter of President Trump, although Mr. Thiel is no longer donating to the institute, Mr. Hencken said. Mr. Hencken said that the project’s pilot islands would cost a total of $10 million to $50 million and house a few dozen people and that the initial residents would most likely be   buyers from the developed world. He added that the institute was seeking to build the islands in what would be a nautical version of a special economic zone and that it would showcase innovations in solar power, sustainable aquaculture and   wind farms. The project’s leaders face many hurdles, such as building   systems for the islands and convincing investors to buy property in such an untested environment. Joe Quirk, a spokesman for the Seasteading Institute, said in a 2014 video that the cost of housing on the artificial islands would initially be on par with real estate in London or New York City. But the project also appears to show how the acceleration of climate change has prompted technology entrepreneurs to devise innovative solutions to   problems like rising sea levels. “The oceans are the most ignored part of the planet, so I’m excited by the possibilities which will emerge when you get some of Silicon Valley’s more adventurous souls focusing on the sustainable use of our coastal and marine areas,” Lelei LeLaulu, a development entrepreneur from Samoa who specializes in the Pacific Islands and advises the International Finance Corporation on sustainable business, said in an email from French Polynesia. But the project has critics in French Polynesia and beyond. Alexandre Le Quéré, a radio host at the station Polynésie 1ère, said this month that the Seasteading Institute’s project reminded him of a plan to build artificial islands off the Indonesian resort island of Bali that has drawn heavy criticism amid concern over its projected environmental effects. “One might think the engineers behind Seasteading have responses to these ecological questions,” Mr. Le Quéré said. “Nevertheless, it doesn’t stop skepticism about this slightly crazy project. ” Mr. Hencken said that he expected the project to eventually include dozens of artificial islands and that similar projects could someday be built in other atoll nations or coastal areas threatened by rising sea levels. He added that the cost of housing would decrease as the   island platforms became cheaper to manufacture. “I certainly don’t think this is a project that is exclusively for the wealthy,” he said, adding that his background was in social justice activism. But experts familiar with climate change and the South Pacific said they doubted the project would be feasible on a wide scale in a region with some of the world’s poorest countries. They also wondered whether the money could be better spent on education or health care. “I wouldn’t write it off entirely I just come to these things with a healthy skepticism,” said Matthew Dornan, the deputy director of the Development Policy Center at Australian National University in Canberra. “There is a tendency for very technologically focused solutions to the challenges in the Pacific without any real input from the Pacific Islanders themselves,” he added. Simon Donner, a geography professor at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver who studies the effects of climate change in the Pacific Islands, said that the French Polynesia project looked intriguing and that he had no reason to doubt that its backers were well intentioned. But he said the project reflected a cruel reality: The developed world is both responsible for climate change and better able to cope with it. The French Polynesia project would effectively be a “cruise ship,” Professor Donner said. “Meanwhile, the other actual islands in the Pacific are stuck with the impacts of climate change. ” Mr. Hencken disputed that assessment, saying it was unfair to compare his initiative with traditional aid projects. “We’re not taking French Polynesia’s money,” he said. “We’re investing our own money with the hopes of making a direct and indirect benefit to our host. ” The French Foreign Ministry did not respond to an emailed request for comment on the Seasteading Institute’s plan. Recent climate models predict that the world’s oceans could rise five to six feet by 2100, roughly twice the increase reported as a plausible   scenario by a United Nations panel in 2013. Atoll nations in the Pacific are seen as uniquely vulnerable to sea level rise because they are often   and extremely narrow. One of them, Kiribati, has become an unofficial champion of a movement to call global attention to the threat. In an interview with The New York Times last year, Kiribati’s president at the time, Anote Tong, said he had commissioned experts from the government of the United Arab Emirates to study the feasibility of artificially raising Kiribati’s islands as a climate adaptation strategy. But he declined to provide specifics, and subsequent attempts to reach officials in Kiribati and the United Arab Emirates for details were unsuccessful. Koen Olthuis, an architect in the Netherlands whose projects are entirely   said that interest in amphibious construction among developers and municipalities had surged worldwide in the last four years and that floating projects could potentially have an enormous range of beneficial social uses. An early example, he said, is a floating school he designed recently for Bangladesh, where sea level rise threatens   coastal communities. Mr. Olthuis said that the technical challenges of artificial island construction could be resolved and that he hoped the French Polynesia project would succeed. But it was still an open question, he added, what the ultimate goal or scale of such projects should be. “What do we want to save? How much money do we want to spend on it, and what does it bring for those people?” he said. “With billions, you can save 300, 000 people. But you can also take them away and put them in other countries and use those buildings to help people in slums worldwide. ”",0
10748,India Moves to Crack Down on Black Money and Corruption,"by Jerri-Lynn Scofield 
By Jerri-Lynn Scofield, who has worked as a securities lawyer and a derivatives trader. She now spends most of her time in India and other parts of Asia researching a book about textile artisans. She also writes regularly about legal, political economy, and regulatory topics for various consulting clients and publications, as well as writes occasional travel pieces for The National . 
The biggest story on Indian television yesterday wasn’t the election of Donald Trump. For on Tuesday night (IST), Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a surprise speech declared that currency notes of rupees (Rs) 500 and Rs 1000 — the highest two denominations in circulation– would be invalid as of midnight that same night. The withdrawn notes could no longer be used for transacting business or as a store of value for future usage (with some limited exceptions, but even these were only allowed for a short transition period). 
From Modi’s speech : 
“There is a need for a decisive war against the menace of corruption, black money and terrorism… Corruption, black money and terrorism are festering wounds which make the country hollow from within,” he said, adding such activities hold back the nation’s progress. 
Describing illegal financial activities as the “biggest blot”, Modi said that despite several steps taken by his government over the last two-and-a-half years, India’s global ranking on corruption had moved only to 76th position from 100th earlier. 
“This shows the extent of the web of corruption in the country. The disease of corruption is the domain of some veted people who are flourishing. Some people have misused their positions and benefitted. On the other hand, honest people are suffering,” he said. 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI)– the Indian central bank– as reported by The Times of India , elaborated: 
The incidence of fake Indian currency notes in higher denomination has increased. For ordinary persons, the fake notes look similar to genuine notes, even though no security feature has been copied. The fake notes are used for antinational and illegal activities. High denomination notes have been misused by terrorists and for hoarding black money. India remains a cash based economy hence the circulation of Fake Indian Currency Notes continues to be a menace. In order to contain the rising incidence of fake notes and black money, the scheme to withdraw has been introduced. 
Chaos Ensues 
India remains a cash-based economy, especially for low-value transactions, and the move has caused widespread chaos, as I write this from Kolkata where I am currently visiting. The move was accompanied by a temporary shut down of all banks and ATMs, with banks reopening earlier today and ATMs due to reopen tomorrow. 
Initially, after the announcement, the highest denomination legal tender note in circulation was the Rs 100 note. New legally tender Rs 500 and Rs 2000 notes have been made available today, according to Tushar Roy, chief manager of a nationalized bank, Central Bank of India. Not all banks have yet received the new notes, but Roy says that this problem is expected to be resolved soon. The government also expects to re-introduce Rs 1000 notes soon, to include advanced security features. When ATMs open tomorrow, withdrawals will be limited to a maximum of Rs 2000 per transaction, as compared to the Rs 10,000 and in some cases, Rs 15,000 limits, that previously applied. 
Starting today, after producing appropriate identification, people are allowed to exchange old notes for new at any of the 19 RBI offices, any bank branch, or at any head post office or sub-post office. They will have until December 30 to complete their transactions. 
Individuals receive full value for the entire volume of bank notes tendered at any of these venues, but here’s the kicker: At the moment, each person is limited to receiving only Rs 4000 per person in cash irrespective of the size of tender. Anything over and above that amount can only be credited to a bank account. This allows the government to track whether the sums tendered have been legitimately acquired. Withdrawals from bank accounts will be limited to Rs 10,000 a day and Rs 20,000 a week. The government has announced this part of the policy may be relaxed in future, says Roy, in order for employers, for example, to meet payrolls currently made in cash. (Ultimately the government wants more transactions to be paid via bank accounts, so that they can be tracked and taxed appropriately). 
Does The Policy Make Sense? 
It’s beyond the scope of this post to speculate on the impact the new policy will have on individuals of various occupations and with myriad reasons for transacting in large amounts of cash. For more on this point, interested readers might wish to look at this article in The Wire . 
Some have criticized the policy for focusing on currency alone, and have noted that black money is typically not held by Indians in stacks of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, but in one of two alternative ways. 
The very rich store black assets in offshore accounts (as detailed in, among other sources, the Panama Papers). 
But tax evasion and corruption is not limited to the very richest alone. In India, many doctors and other professionals, members of the business community, and small traders also underreport their taxable income. They tend to hold their black assets on-shore, within India, in the form of real estate, art work, gold bullion, jewellery, or securities. 
Unlike other current policy areas– border incursions into Pakistan, for example– the political opposition has has not contested the objective of the Modi move. There is virtually unanimous concurrence– at least publicly– on cracking down on black money. Yet as The Hindu reported, former Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram has criticized the Modi government’s method for achieving its objective: 
“We support the objective of the government to stamp out black money. But the method they have adopted raises questions… The move has come as a bolt from the blue for the common man.” 
The real test for the government would begin [Thursday], Mr Chidambaram said. “How efficiently and how quickly the money is exchanged…. If there is harassment or inconvenience and all kinds of questions are asked, then I think that will be completely counterproductive.” 
A similar move had been contemplated by the previous Congress-led UPA government, he recalled. But the idea was dropped as “the economic gains were not too great.” 
Mr. Chidambaram said the introduction of the new series of notes was estimated to cost Rs. 15,000 crores to Rs 20,000 crores [Jerri-Lynn here: a crore is 10,000,000 in the Indian numbering system]. “The economic gains of demonetisation should be at least equal to that amount.” 
If the additional tax revenue pulled in by the Modi move is less than that amount, the new policy will actually have ended up costing the government money– rather than increasing government revenues. 
As Chidambaram summarized (again from The Hindu article quoted above): 
The “economic wisdom” of the government’s decision, Mr Chidambaram said, would be tested on three parameters: a) the present cash to GDP ratio is 12 per cent. Will it come down to the world average of about 4 per cent? b) The value of the high denomination notes currently in circulation is about 15 lakh crore rupees [Jerri-Lynn here: a lakh is 100,000, a crore, 10,000,000, so a lakh crore is 1,000,000,000,000.] Will that value come down significantly? c) Will gold imports surge, indicating that unaccounted income/ wealth is seeking refuge in bullion and gold jewellery? 
Various economists have also presented other criticisms of the government’s move, as reported by The Wire. Requiring a switch to new bank notes means Indians must take time to switch their existing Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes into the new bank notes. If new notes are not freely and widely available, this will freeze trade and the normal functioning of an exchange economy. Further, many Indians receive salaries in cash and do not have bank accounts at present, so requiring transactions to pass through the banking system will cause them considerable immediate inconvenience. 
Impact on Economic Activity 
But there is a wider reason for critiquing the policy. “Black money and not paying taxes: These are bad things in a society,” says Suvojit Bagchi, Kolkata bureau chief for The Hindu. “Not surprisingly, everyone– including the opposition– agrees on the objective of cracking down on black money.” Increasing the tax base- is the prime objective here. But will the demonetization policy produce substantial tax revenue? Bagchi noted that Chidambaram questioned whether taxes raised would be sufficient to recoup the cost of printing new bank notes. 
Another objective, Bagchi added, is to move India away from its reliance on cash, toward a more American or European plastic system, where it’s easier to track– and tax– money. 
And finally, at least half of Indian economic activity occurs in the informal sector, which is not tightly controlled. Bagchi gave the example of a building promoter, whose building activity produces both black and white revenues. Indeed, perhaps 40% of the promoter’s overall activity, he estimated, might be black activity. But that black activity also generates employment, as well as other knock on effects. While the government hopes that its policy will increase the tax base, it’s also possible that demonetization might instead lead to the shut down of at least some black activity. “So, the government’s latest move may actually slow economic activity considerably,” Bagchi says, “But for how long, and to what extent, no one knows.” 
He further added, “At the moment, the Indian economy is somewhat insulated from the world economy, in part due to its reliance on cash and the existence of considerable black activity. Once India moves to a plastic system, and cuts back on that black activity, it will lose some of this insulation.” 
As reported in The Wire , Abhijit Sen, former member of the Planning Commission, is also concerned about contraction in the informal sector: 
The sudden decision to demonetise currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 is targeted to reduce illicit stocks of black money and fake currency. This has a clear rationale if such notes are used mainly to stock undisclosed wealth, rather than for transactions. However, RBI data show that currency notes of these two denominations make up over 80% of the total currency in circulation. Therefore, unless a very large proportion of money in circulation lies permanently as stocks, the demonetisation can also be expected to have a significant immediate effect on that part of the economy which relies mainly on cash transactions. 
The size of India’s cash economy is not exactly known but, given the large proportion of workers in informal sectors, it is unlikely to be less than half the total economy. We can, therefore, expect an immediate contraction of this part of the economy in the next two days and with the effect stretching over a longer period of time, although diminishing over time. Whatever its long-term positive effects, those depending on cash whether for daily wages or as payments for goods or services they sell are likely to be in for tough times in the coming days. In the long term as well, all that this does is partially eliminate some black money stocks without undoing the processes that lead to black money creation.",0
10749,Experts Hesitate to Link Florida Airport Attack to PTSD - The New York Times,"Family members say that Esteban Santiago, the suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in which five people were killed, seemed troubled when he came back from military service in Iraq. His brother described him as “more furious” after his deployment in 2010 with a Puerto Rico National Guard unit. His aunt said that after coming home, Mr. Santiago “lost his mind. ” After Mr. Santiago’s arrest in the shooting, emerging details of his military service led some to blame the rampage on the   mind of a veteran haunted by   stress disorder, a common pattern when veterans are arrested in violent crimes. But experts not connected to Mr. Santiago’s mental health treatment say it may be a mistake to blame PTSD. Mr. Santiago, who served for eight years in the National Guard and Army Reserve and saw combat in Iraq in 2010, exhibited symptoms that do not appear to fit the disorder, they say, and more closely resemble schizophrenia, a condition unrelated to military service. Mr. Santiago’s family said he reported hearing voices and had other hallucinations, but said he was never given a diagnosis of PTSD. In November, he walked into an F. B. I. office in Alaska and told agents that his mind was being controlled by a United States intelligence agency. “The delusions, the hallucinations are far more consistent with psychosis than PTSD,” said Dr. Donald C. Goff, a psychiatrist at New York University and a leading expert on schizophrenia. “So is the timing of the onset. ” Mr. Santiago deployed to Iraq when he was 20 years old, which is the age when many males with schizophrenia begin to exhibit symptoms, Dr. Goff said, cautioning that he could not comment on Mr. Santiago specifically without reviewing his medical records. “Generally, it’s in the first year of college or military service, or some other stressful event, that we see schizophrenia,” he said. “It’s not that deployment is the cause of the psychosis, but the stress may contribute to the symptoms coming out. ” The level of stress Mr. Santiago experienced on deployment is unclear. He went to Iraq with the Puerto Rico National Guard’s 1013th Engineering Company, and was charged with keeping highways clear of roadside bombs. Violence had dropped drastically in the country by 2010 nonetheless, two soldiers in his company were killed by a roadside bomb. After his tour, Mr. Santiago was awarded the Combat Action Badge, which is given only to service members who are actively engaged with the enemy. “There is nothing to say that a person can’t have psychosis and PTSD,” said Claude M. Chemtob, a professor of psychology at New York University who has studied the link between PTSD and aggression. But, he said, the two disorders are characterized by different symptoms. PTSD sufferers can struggle with anxiety, sleeplessness, flashbacks and anger. In rare cases, the disorder results in increased violence and aggressiveness. But paranoid delusions are not typical. “That is a cardinal symptom of psychosis,” Dr. Chemtob said. “But inevitably people’s prejudice toward veterans is going to lead them to emphasize PTSD. ” Veterans have complained that too often they are labeled with the disorder, and that ascribing all violent acts among veterans to the psychological scars of war perpetuates damaging stereotypes. Many have argued that is what happened with Eddie Ray Routh, the    former Marine corporal who killed Chris Kyle, a member of the Navy SEALs and the author of “American Sniper,” in 2013. Mr. Routh’s medical records revealed he had persistent delusions that he was being devoured from the inside by parasites, and that his   were pig people who wanted to eat him, but a doctor at a veterans hospital gave him a diagnosis of PTSD. Veterans have struggled with the reputation for being dangerously unstable since at least the Vietnam War. The stigma was stoked in part by Hollywood narratives like “Rambo,” and is still pervasive today, said Bill Rausch, the executive director of Got Your 6, a nonprofit group that tracks the public image of veterans. According to a survey by the group in 2016, 83 percent of respondents said they believed veterans were more likely to have mental health problems. Respondents also said they thought veterans were more likely to be unemployed and abuse drugs. In fact, in terms of employment and drug use, the opposite is true. “The public sees veterans as broken, and they often shape the narrative to fit their perceptions,” Mr. Rausch said. When the news of the Fort Lauderdale shooting broke, he said: “My first thought was that I hoped no one was hurt. My second was that I hoped it wasn’t a veteran because I knew if they were, it would spark a simplified explanation that would never happen with a civilian, tying everything back to war. ” After telling the F. B. I. in November that his mind was being controlled, Mr. Santiago was taken to a civilian psychiatric hospital. The law prevents patients from being held involuntarily if they are not an imminent threat to themselves or others. Mr. Santiago was released after four days. “Anyone who has ever known someone with mental illness knows it’s extremely complicated and hard to deal with,” Mr. Rausch said. “Blaming on military experience keeps us from having a real conversation about how to fix things. This isn’t a veteran problem, it’s an American problem. ”",0
10750,Clinton and Trump Campaigns Are Buzzing About the Race … for the Cabinet - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have yet to face off in their first debate, but both candidates have already moved teams into a plush    office building a block from the White House, where they are vetting résumés, sketching out organizational charts and otherwise planning the transition to a Trump or Clinton administration. The jockeying for jobs that usually consumes the two and a half months between Election Day and Inauguration Day is well underway in Washington, with people swapping their notional lists of cabinet officers and speculating about who might get the plum deputy posts just under them. Speculation on the Republican side has been somewhat subdued, in part because Mr. Trump’s personnel preferences are something of a mystery. But on the Democratic side, Mrs. Clinton’s persistent lead in the polls has made it hard for her supporters to resist the urge to measure the drapes. And no area is more rife with jockeying than national security, with Mrs. Clinton, a former secretary of state, in the rare position of having worked with dozens of the people she may employ again. “There has been a lot of talking going on, and now that it looks like she’s going to win, there is even more,” said Vali R. Nasr, a former adviser to Mrs. Clinton at the State Department who is now the dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. The Clinton campaign’s choice of Thomas E. Donilon, a former national security adviser to President Obama, to oversee this part of the transition reflects continuity with the Obama administration and underscores the differences between 2016 and 2008. When Mr. Obama became   he faced a Democratic foreign policy establishment that was split between those who supported him and those who backed Mrs. Clinton, but was eager to be back in power after eight years of Republican rule. This time, Mrs. Clinton would get to choose from a largely unified Democratic Party, with a strong bench of policy makers in diplomacy, defense and intelligence who have served in the Obama administration. And she would have the option of drawing from Republicans who have publicly disavowed Mr. Trump, including Michael V. Hayden, a former director of the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency, and Robert B. Zoellick, a former United States trade representative. “Because there has been such a massive defection of the Republican foreign policy bench,” Mr. Nasr said, “in a way, she has come to inherit   of the foreign policy establishment. ” There are other reasons for this early start in the transition, chiefly a new law that aims to make the handoff between the White House and the incoming administration more formal and less frenetic than in the past. On Thursday, both campaigns met with the White House chief of staff, Denis McDonough, and other senior officials to discuss how the Obama administration planned to handle the transition. Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, the head of Mr. Trump’s transition team, represented the Trump campaign, while Ken Salazar, a former interior secretary under Mr. Obama, represented the Clinton campaign. Mr. Salazar is the chairman of what the campaign calls the   Transition Project. Neither campaign is eager to discuss the process in detail for fear of looking presumptuous. Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, said fewer than 10 people were working in the offices at 1717 Pennsylvania Avenue, a number that would not grow beyond two dozen until after Nov. 8  —   and then only if Mrs. Clinton won. None of the job seekers are eager to talk either, at least on the record, but they are trying to show their usefulness in other ways. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has already designated 35 people to serve as coordinators or senior partners for its foreign policy advisory committee. They oversee groups that are churning out position papers on counterterrorism, cybersecurity, democracy and human rights, and global development. The peculiar nature of this campaign, several members said, had made the advisory job, in some ways, less relevant. While the advisers had expected to write papers defending the   reset policy with Russia, for example, Mrs. Clinton is instead facing a candidate whose coziness with President Vladimir V. Putin has become an issue. Another major difference between 2008 and 2016 is that Mrs. Clinton is not a Washington neophyte, as Mr. Obama was. To some extent, she does not need anyone to tell her whom she should hire. “What makes Hillary different than almost any other candidate is that she knows a lot of people in the national security area,” said Dennis B. Ross, who served as a special envoy for her in the State Department before moving to the White House to coordinate Middle East policy. “There’s a combination of familiarity and people she came to know and respect in different situations. ” Aside from Mrs. Clinton herself  —   and perhaps her husband  —   the person most influential in filling the administration’s national security jobs is likely to be Jake Sullivan, her senior policy adviser, who had the same role under Mrs. Clinton at the State Department. Mr. Sullivan has long been viewed as a prime candidate to be national security adviser, though his broad portfolio in the campaign suggests he could also end up as White House chief of staff. In either job, people close to the campaign said, Mr. Sullivan would have a lot of say over who got the marquee national security posts: secretary of state, defense secretary and C. I. A. director. Michèle A. Flournoy, a former under secretary of defense in the Obama administration, is viewed as a clear favorite to be defense secretary because, among other things, it would allow Mrs. Clinton to make history by putting a woman in charge of the Pentagon. The outlook for secretary of state is murkier, in part because Mrs. Clinton held the job herself and presumably has strong views on what kind of person she wants. Unlike Mr. Obama, who sought major public figures like Mrs. Clinton and John Kerry to be the nation’s chief diplomat, Mrs. Clinton, advisers said, might prefer a trusted and reliable facilitator of her policy. That has led to speculation about William J. Burns, a   former deputy secretary of state who runs the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Mr. Burns is trusted by Mrs. Clinton and is close to Mr. Sullivan, who worked with him on the secret negotiations in Oman that led to a nuclear deal with Iran. Mr. Donilon’s name also figures in speculation about secretary of state, as well as C. I. A. director. For the C. I. A. post, Mrs. Clinton could also pick Michael J. Morell, whom she got to know when he was acting C. I. A. director in the Obama administration, or Michael G. Vickers, a former senior C. I. A. official and under secretary of defense for intelligence. Both recently wrote   articles sharply critical of Mr. Trump and favorable to Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Morell also works as a senior counselor at Beacon Global Strategies, a consulting firm started by Philippe Reines and Andrew Shapiro, two former close Clinton aides who could return to a Clinton White House. Among the firm’s other founders is Jeremy Bash, a former chief of staff to Leon E. Panetta when he was defense secretary. Mr. Bash is advising the Clinton campaign on cybersecurity and is in the hunt for a job as well. While gossiping about jobs is a Washington parlor game, some veterans caution that the early handicapping is nearly always wrong. In November 2008, James B. Steinberg and Gregory B. Craig, two former officials in President Bill Clinton’s administration who supported Mr. Obama in the campaign, were viewed as the top two contenders for national security adviser. Neither got the job, which went to a dark horse, James L. Jones, a retired Marine Corps general. And of course, Mr. Obama had an even bigger surprise in store: Mrs. Clinton as secretary of state.",0
10751,UK Child Protection Services workers are ‘afraid’ to challenge the ages of Muslim invaders for fear of ending up in court,"BNI Store Oct 27 2016 UK Child Protection Services workers are ‘afraid’ to challenge the ages of Muslim invaders for fear of ending up in court Industry insiders reveal they often meet obviously adult-aged Muslim invaders posing as children who are permitted to stay in the country because challenging them can put their career at risk. The revelations came after the arrivals of Muslim “child” economic freeloaders from Calais – who apparently are much older than the teenage years they had claimed. UK Express (h/t Terry D) Britain was once again divided over the issue with Conservative MP David Davies suggesting they should be made to undergo dental tests to establish their age. His comments were met with fury by the British Dental Association (BDA) which said tests were “invasive” – a statement which was backed by the Home Office. But, speaking to Express Online a social worker who asked not to be named has revealed the REAL struggles faced by those in the industry. According to the specialist THREE professionals are assigned to the first meeting with a migrant who claims to be a child. And senior child protection officers are at their wits’ end. He said: “So a social worker is assigned the case. The social worker attends the assessment and because the asylum seeker is claiming to be under 17 (to come under the children’s Act) an appropriate adult is also in attendance and so is an interpreter. “Usually they enter the room and they see this asylum seeker is well over 17. It is that obvious. “After they have done the process three times all three social workers have to come to a consensus on the estimated age of the asylum seeker – so let’s says all three say this asylum seeker is well over 17 or 18 years old. You would think that would be the end of the process, but not so. “They tell their managers of their decisions and then the manager tells them ‘If that’s your decision then okay but the asylum seeker will now be assigned a solicitor to challenge your opinion and you are likely to be cross examined in court’. After this phase of the investigation is complete, if a social worker chooses to challenge the age, they are reportedly met with anger and abuse. Many, he claims, have received calls calling them “racist” and have had complaints made against them. Those put in this position have said they “cannot afford” to fight it. One said: “I just sign and say he’s under 17 years because it’s not worth the hassle.” Social workers and child protection experts have called the system “broken” in Britain. Aid workers in Calais recently admitted to the press child migrants ARE lying about their age to get to the front of the queue to Britain – and are shredding their real documents. RELATED STORIES:",0
10752,"Leaked: Podesta's Satanic ""Spirit Cooking"" Dinner. Distrubing Stuff Beyond Belief!","Leaked: Podesta's Satanic ""Spirit Cooking"" Dinner. Distrubing Stuff Beyond Belief! Please scroll down for video 
This is disturbing! Make sure you watch the video at the end of the article. 
The following e-mail between Tony Podesta and Marina Abramovic can be found in Wikileaks latest leaks. 
Marina Abramovic first sends Tony the following email: 
From: Marina Abramovic > 
Date: June 28, 2015 at 2:35:08 AM GMT+2 
To: Tony Podesta 
Subject: Dinner 
Dear Tony, 
I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? 
All my love, Marina 
The email is then forwarded by Tony to John Podesta. 
Fwd: Dinner 
Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 
Marina wants you to come to dinner... Mary? 
Sent from my iPhone 
From: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15893 
Mary is Mary Podesta, John Podesta’s wife . 
The e-mail is about an invitation of Podesta to a ""Spirit Cooking"" dinner that's happening at Tony's house. STRANGE BOOK BY MARINA ABRAMOVIC 
When looking up Marina Abramovic it gets you her website and a graphical book she created: Warning: This starts to get really weird and continues to get weirder. 
And now this is a video by the same woman on a so called ""Spirit Cooking"": 
(better download before it gets deleted) 
Yes, that is Marina Abramovic in the video with the blood paint. 
We leave the evaluation of the content of the video up to you, but we are speechless. 
How deep is the rabbit hole? Related Articles",0
10753,Millions of South Koreans Rise Up Against Shadow Government,"Contact Us Millions of South Koreans Rise Up Against Shadow Government South Koreans have discovered they are ruled by a shadow government and that their president is a puppet. Why aren't we reacting like they are? Posted on October 30, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News // 0 Comments 
South Koreans are rising up in their millions and demanding the overthrow of their government after a series of leaks proved president Park Geun-hye is a puppet controlled by a covert shadow government. 
In a furor eerily similar to that surrounding Hillary Clinton’s use of an email server and charity slush fund, critics are charging that Park has irresponsibly managed classified information and benefited from corrupt practices using non-profits as a front. 
The South Korean and U.S. comparisons stop there however. Rather than apathetically accepting the situation – like in America – South Koreans have risen up and the media has rounded on their leader. Citizens have taken to the streets en masse and the country’s media have called for the president to step down immediately – or face impeachment. 
The essence of the scandal is this: It has emerged that Park, famously aloof even to top officials and aides, has been taking instructions from a group known as the “eight fairies” including Choi Soon-sil, a shadowy billionaire with ties to George Soros and Angela Merkel. Choi has existed around the edges of South Korean power circles for decades, but has never held an official position. Posters of the president being controlled by puppet strings are cropping up all over South Korea as country-wide protests continue to rage. Recommended (4 months ago) France: Protestors Rise Up In Their Millions Against Ruling Class 
The Washington Post reports that “Calls for her resignation — and even impeachment — are resonating from across the political spectrum, and her approval ratings have dropped to a record low of 17 percent, according to two polls released Friday. 
On Friday, Park directed all of her top advisers to resign en masse, with her spokesman saying a reshuffle would take place, the Yonhap news agency reported. Kim Jae-won, senior presidential secretary for political affairs, told a parliamentary session that Park’s chief of staff had already stepped down. 
It’s not clear, however, whether it will be enough. 
“Park Geun-hye’s leadership is on the brink of collapse,” said Yoo Chang-sun, a left-leaning political analyst. Shin Yool, a right-leaning professor at Myongji University, called it the “biggest crisis” since South Korea was founded 70 years ago. “The president has lost her ability to function as leader.” 
Choi is the daughter of the late Choi Tae-min, who was a kind of shaman-fortune teller described in a 2007 cable from the U.S. Embassy in Seoul as “a charismatic pastor.” Locally, he’s seen as a “Korean Rasputin” who once held sway over Park after her mother was assassinated in 1974. 
“Rumors are rife that the late pastor had complete control over Park’s body and soul during her formative years and that his children accumulated enormous wealth as a result,” read the cable, released by WikiLeaks. 
Park has strongly denied any improper relationship. Recommended (4 months ago) CFR Tells Global Elite: Rise Up Against The Ignorant Population 
But South Korean media have uncovered evidence that, they claim, shows that Choi Soon-sil wielded undue influence over the president. 
JTBC, a television network, said it had found a tablet computer that contained files of speeches the president had yet to give, among other documents. The younger Choi is said to have edited the landmark speech that Park gave in Germany in 2014, laying out her vision for unification with the North. The Hankyoreh newspaper wrote that actual presidential aides “were just mice to Choi’s cat.” 
She is also rumored to have created a secret group called “the eight fairies” to advise the president behind the scenes. 
TV Chosun, the channel belonging to the Chosun Ilbo newspaper, aired a clip showing Choi overseeing the making of an outfit for Park, “raising doubt whether Park made any decision at all without Choi,” the paper said. 
South Korean media have been full of Photoshopped graphics to illustrate the relationship, including one showing Park as a puppet and Choi Soon-sil pulling her strings. 
Meanwhile, investigators are looking into allegations that Choi siphoned off money from two recently established foundations that collected about $70 million from the Federation of Korean Industries, the big business lobby with members including Samsung and Hyundai. Prosecutors raided Choi’s home in Seoul this week looking for evidence. 
At the same time, there are allegations that the daughter of Choi Soon-sil was given special treatment when she applied for Ewha Womans University, one of South Korea’s top colleges. Recommended (6 months ago) Thousands Of Africans Rise Up Against Monsanto 
Local media have reported that her daughter’s grades were not good enough, so the rules were changed to give credit to applicants who had won equestrian awards, as she had. The already-embattled president of Ewha resigned this week. 
Ironically, this all comes less than a month after Park’s administration instituted a wide-ranging new law aimed at cracking down on corruption and influence peddling. 
Choi is in Germany with her daughter and is refusing to return to South Korea to answer questions, saying she is having heart problems and cannot fly. But in an interview with the Segye Ilbo, she denied creating the Eight Fairies group, owning the tablet or knowingly receiving classified information. “Because I was not a government official, I had no idea that this was confidential,” she told the paper. 
Park apologized Tuesday for the scandal, saying she had always acted “with a pure heart.” Then she canceled a planned meeting related to North Korea on Friday so she could consider ways to “resolve the nation’s anxiety and stably run the government,” according to a spokesman. 
She did, however, attend a ceremony in the southern city of Busan, where university students shouted “Park Geun-hye should step down!” and “Choi Soon-sil must be arrested!”",0
10754,ESPN’s Wilbon: Nats’ Harper Should Have Hit Giants’ Strickland Between the Eyes With Helmet or Bat After Being Plunked - Breitbart,"Tuesday, ESPN “Pardon the Interruption”   Michael Wilbon reacted strongly to Monday’s fight between San Francisco Giants reliever Hunter Strickland and Washington Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper after Strickland hit him with a 98 mph fastball.  Wilbon defended Harper for charging the mound, saying the 2015 National League MVP should have taken his helmet, which he threw in the direction of Strickland, or his bat and tried to hit the Giants pitcher between the eyes. “You know, Bryce Harper should have taken the helmet and tried to square up and hit the guy who just hit him with a baseball, which is a weapon when thrown 90 miles an hour,” Wilbon told   Tony Kornheiser. “He should have hit him in the head. ” “The only thing that would have been more just than that if he had taken the baseball bat with him   …     if somebody’s going to throw a baseball at me that could kill me, at 100 miles per hour, I’m not going out there with bare fists, and I’m not going with a helmet. I’m going with a bat. And he’s going to eat some wood,” he continued. Wilbon later added, “He should have tried to square up and hit him between this eye and this eye. This has to stop. These pitchers doing this, Tony, they’re playing with people’s health and livelihood   …     Harper should have hit him between the eyes with his helmet or bat. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
10755,Billie Joe Armstrong: A Punk Seeks Serenity Inside the Chaos - The New York Times,"Billie Joe Armstrong may be punk rock’s biggest triple threat: the frontman of Green Day, which was recently inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame the   and sometime star of “American Idiot,” the Broadway musical on its way to becoming an HBO movie and the lead of “Ordinary World,” an indie film out Friday, Oct. 14. What he is not, though, by his own admission, is a social media maven. “I’ll try to catch up,” he said. “I get into Instagram, and the next thing I know, someone will say, it’s all about Snapchat now! It’s like, oh God, leave me in the Stone Age  —   I got one foot in the Stone Age and the millennium right now. ” Mr. Armstrong’s straddled take on culture is laid out on “Revolution Radio,” the new Green Day album, and the first since 2000 that the band  —   including the bassist Mike Dirnt and the drummer Tré Cool  —     with an engineer. “It feels more independent than we’ve ever been,” Mr. Armstrong said in a phone interview. He’s also branching out  —   sort of  —   with “Ordinary World,” in which he plays a    dad who throws himself a   40th birthday party. “My thing was keeping my stubble on for the movie,” he said. “I had to make sure I shaved it in the right way, once every three days. And I wanted to show my gray that I have growing in. ” A still boyish 44, Mr. Armstrong  —   who went through rehab for substance abuse in 2012 after an onstage outburst at a pop festival  —   is grappling with his shifting generation. The cover for “Revolution Radio” is a boombox on fire. “It’s like that feeling of what’s obsolete,” he said, “like we’re turning into a   graveyard. ” He paused. “Ooh, that was good  —     graveyard! I’m going to say that so many times in the next few days. ” He hopes to reprise the role of St. Jimmy, the   bad influence, in HBO’s “American Idiot,” a rock opera based on the 2004 Green Day album. He credits the ambition of “Idiot” with the new heights of success in his career. But, he added: “I’m not royalty. I’m the king of nothing. I’m in the same high school rock ’n’ roll band I’ve been in since I was 16. ” Here are edited excerpts from the conversation. This is your first leading film role. Did you do any actorly things to prepare? Not like anything weird  —   I wasn’t exactly doing any, like, mime. Me and Lee Kirk, the director, we spent a lot of time together fleshing the character out, putting it more in my language. I just went from experiences on my own, and I just tried to be as honest as I could. Acting for the stage, you project to the back of the room, especially a character like St. Jimmy. This is all about the subtleties of acting to the camera, which is difficult for me, because I’m anything but subtle. And you were playing opposite some very seasoned improvisers, like Fred Armisen and Judy Greer. Did that throw you? It felt pretty intimidating, just because I have so much respect for those people. They’re brilliant people they’re not like   at what they do, they’re all the way good at what they do. Everybody wanted to make things really relaxed and fun. A couple of the guys that played dads in the movie came in, and we just acted out some of the scenes, which is super awkward at first, doing something you’ve never done, but eventually I got comfortable with it. We’re seeing more and more of that nontraditional father onscreen. Can you relate? It’s a different take on parenting, especially people that were maybe Generation X kind of people and are raising kids now. We’re not our dads. I think there’s more sensitivity training that’s involved in being a parent nowadays. My kids are 21 and 18  —   that was a trip. I was a very young dad. And your sons are both musicians. Do you jam with them? A little bit. Mostly they show me music that they’re into, they do a lot of demos and things like that on their own. My youngest son, Jakob, he’s becoming a really good songwriter. He writes songs that are straight from the heart. Joey’s band, they’re really good, and they’re different. It’s not about being, like, a rock star. If there’s anything I share with them, it’s the joy and the love of music. You started in the punk scene as a teenager, when it’s a lot about youthful anger. What does it mean to you to be part of a punk scene now? I think punk is a lot more than just anger, and rage. It’s like the weirdo that gets to find their voice for the first time. It could be someone that wants to have their own fanzine, and write about things they believe in, and despite the odds, do it anyway. Green Day records in general are about feeling kind of lost, and a bit stupid, in the midst of chaos and media and everything that’s changed. And the bottom line for this album is to find something that’s attainable, some kind of peace or serenity inside that chaos. The song “Ordinary World” is basically what that’s about. “Say Goodbye” is about watching how Ferguson is this military state, and you see all these tanks and tear gas. “Revolution Radio” mentions that, too. It’s just reflecting what I see, and maybe coming up with a caricature of it. You touch on difficult topics on the album  —   “Bang Bang” is a song from the perspective of a mass shooter. Is that fun to play? Yeah, and hard  —   it’s fast. It’s a release for everyone that’s singing it in the crowd. When you grow up in an era of social media and manifestoes and mass shootings and narcissism and that sort of evil side of American life, what do you say about something like that? You’re just left speechless. The best way I’m able to talk about it is when I do it in a song, and that’s sort of my release, and that’s what ends up coming along in our crowds these last few years. Has your songwriting process changed in sobriety? I’ve just become more focused I’ve learned to stop when I’m blocked. Either you go and make the bigger mess right now, or that song doesn’t want to be written right now, your brain’s not ready for it. Sometimes I just gotta know when to back off something. The fact that I’m clearheaded  —   I just love making stuff. A song like “Revolution Radio,” it’s so subtle and it’s so nerdy. The song’s got the intro, and it’s got a   that goes into the chorus, and I decided to not do that   going into the chorus in the second verse. It makes the song unpredictable. For me, that’s like the greatest song I’ve ever done. It’s super nerdy, but that’s what I love about writing. Why do you think “American Idiot” has had such a long life, in so many forms? Because people are able to interpret it anyway they want any time there’s any kind of injustice that’s going along, in America, you can adapt it somehow, go listen to that record, and it makes sense. There’s a lot more transparency now. In Pennsylvania, there was a small theater group with an   cast that did “American Idiot” for Black Lives Matter. When I saw that, I was like: “Yeah, this is why I do this stuff!” Because people take it and make something of their own out of it.",0
10757,2:00PM Water Cooler 11/9/2016,"What’s that spell? What’s that spell? Schadenfreude!! Schadenfreude! What’s that spell? Schadenfreude!!! [cheers]. 
The Democrat establishment was warned about their weak candidate, and they were presented with a popular and well-funded alternative: Bernie Sanders. Instead, as the Podesta emails show in lavish detail, they used their control of the party machinery and their service providers in our famously free press to rig the election in their favor at every turn. When their candidate was nominated, the Democrat establishment tacked right, and proceeded to explain to Sanders voters that their voters were not needed because, as #BernieBros, they were racist and sexist. Sanders supporters have every right to say #WeWereRight and #WeToldYouSo. 
If this were Japan, we’d be seeing Democrat Party leaders committing seppuku, or cutting off their little fingers or — supposing them not to be gangsters — ritually and tearfully bowing to the people they betrayed. This being America, and these being Democrats, they are feverishly deploying the Blame Cannons at racist and sexist #BernieBros, Johnson, Stein, and the dogs who wouldn’t eat the dog food. These assclowns will only leave office if they’re whipped with scorpions. So get to it, Sanders supporters. This is your time. 
Stats Watch 
MBA Mortgage Applications, week of November 4, 2016: “Purchase applications for home mortgages rose a seasonally adjusted 1 percent in the November 4 week as activity by home buyers stabilizes following a decline to the lowest level since January in the previous weeks” [ Econoday ]. 
Wholesale Trade, September 2016: “Inventories at the wholesale level rose 0.1 percent in September vs a revised 0.1 percent decline in August: [ Econoday ]. “In a special positive, wholesale inventories of autos fell 1.7 percent in a draw, based on last week’s very strong results for October vehicle sales, that will have to be rebuilt. The risk that inventories may be too high are a key concern for the economic outlook, specifically that high levels of unwanted inventories could slow fourth-quarter production and employment growth.” 
Wages: “The Atlanta Fed’s Wage Growth Tracker came in at 3.6 percent in September, up from 3.3 percent in August and 3.4 percent in July, but the same as the 3.6 percent reading for June. By this measure, there are no obvious signs of an acceleration in wage growth for continuously employed workers during the last few months” [ Econintersect ]. “However, the headline wage growth tracker is a three month moving average of each month’s median wage growth. Interestingly, for September, the median wage growth (using data that are not averaged, sometimes called “unsmoothed”) was 4.2 percent, up from 3.6 percent in August, and the highest since late 2007.” 
Real Estate: “Leading Index for Commercial Real Estate “moves higher” in October” [ Calculated Risk ]. ” According to Dodge, this index leads “construction spending for nonresidential buildings by a full year”. In general, this suggests further increases in CRE spending over the next year.” 
Retail: “With the US holiday shopping season now in full swing, the latest monthly Global Port Tracker report produced by the National Retail Federation and Hackett Associates predicted major US retail ports would handle 4.4% more imports this month than a year earlier. And volumes are expected to show a 4.5% year-on-year gain in December” [ Lloyd’s Loading List ]. That’s the retailers story and they’re sticking to it. 
Shipping: “The number of idle containerships has reached yet new highs, even with the current acceleration of vessels heading to the breakers. According to the latest survey conducted by Alphaliner, there were as many as 397 ships above 500 teu awaiting employment on October 31” [ Lloyd’s List ]. 
Shipping: “Who needs a warehouse when you have a printer?” [ DC Velocity ]. “Will demand for warehouse space shrink as manufacturers print the parts they need on demand instead of making them ahead of time and storing them in DCs? Will express parcel carriers see a drop in business as shippers e-mail digital designs instead of mailing physical parts? Or will 3-D printing be reserved mainly for filling niche demand for prototypes and replacement parts (the approach taken by a New Zealand airline that prints out replacement tray tables)?” 
Shipping: “The American Trucking Associations, the largest group representing trucking companies in Washington, said Wednesday it has already started meeting with the Donald Trump transition team as the industry prepares for a possible new look at regulations due to hit operators next year” [ Wall Street Journal , “Trucking Group Starts Meeting With Donald Trump’s Transition Team”]. “Trucking companies are preparing to meet a Dec. 31, 2017 deadline to equip all trucks with electronic logging devices measuring their hours on the road. The rule has divided segments of the industry, with smaller truckers complaining about the cost and shipping customers arguing that it will drive some companies out of business and leave bigger operators free to raise prices.” 
Shipping: “Airlines for America (A4A) has welcomed Donald Trump as US President-elect and said that it looks forward to collaborating with his Transition Team on ‘modernising the infrastructure of the skies to meet the needs of a growing US economy'” [ Air Cargo News ]. They want to reform the Air Traffic Control system… 
Honey for the Bears: “The growth in U.S. imports of goods has been stubbornly low since the second quarter of 2015, with an average annual growth rate of 0.7 percent. Growth has been even weaker for non-oil imports, which have increased at an average annual rate of only 0.1 percent. This is in sharp contrast to the pattern in the five quarters preceding the second quarter of 2015, when real non-oil imports were growing at an annualized rate of 8 percent per quarter” [ Liberty Stree t]. “How has the recent slowdown in U.S. investment affected U.S. imports? The next chart shows that U.S. capital goods imports are very highly correlated with equipment investment—a category that excludes intangibles, residential investment, and changes in inventories. Equipment investment has been unusually weak, with its four-quarter percentage change falling into negative territory, which is unusual outside a recession period. These data suggest that the slowdown in import growth likely stems from whatever is behind the weakness in equipment, rather than from trade-specific factors such as trade policies or higher trade costs.” Well, we do have a capitalist economy… 
Political Risk: “Trump’s victory in the US presidential race adds an exclamation mark to the concerns over anti-globalisation and protectionism expressed by the shipping industry in Copenhagen at the end of October, Norden chief executive Jan Rindbo told Lloyd’s List on Wednesday” [ Lloyd’s List ]. Globalization has been weakening for some time. It’s not just Trump. 
Political Risk: “It really does now look like President Donald J. Trump, and markets are plunging. When might we expect them to recover? If the question is when markets will recover, a first-pass answer is never” [Paul Krugman, New York Times ]. Sure, “first pass” is faux Nobel-worthy weasel wording. But come on. 
Political Risk: “Dow Makes Miraculous 1,000 Point Recovery From Trump-Fueled Overnight Lows” [ ETF.com ]. “The most short-lived major market crash of all time ended as quickly as currency manipulator” [ Politico ]. “Even if congressional Republicans demonstrated the will and actually managed to approve the TPP in the lame-duck session that begins Monday, the chances of which appear next to nil with Trump headed to the White House, the president-elect would not implement the 12-nation pact, University of California-Irvine Professor Peter Navarro, a Trump adviser, told Politico in August. That makes the Trump presidency the worst-case scenario for the Obama administration and other trade proponents who have been clinging to the hope that the Asia-Pacific pact could pass before the end of this year.” Sad! 
“‘I think the TPP is dead, and there will be blood all over the floor if somebody tries to move that through the Congress any time soon,’ Sessions said. ‘Both candidates opposed it, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump'” [ Observer ]. 
2016 
The Rending of Garments and Gnashing of Teeth 
“An American Tragedy” [David Remnik, The New Yorker (2:40AM). “That the electorate has, in its plurality, decided to live in Trump’s world of vanity, hate, arrogance, untruth, and recklessness, his disdain for democratic norms, is a fact that will lead, inevitably, to all manner of national decline and suffering.” Notice the flaccidity of the language: “democratic norms”; “all manner of”; “a fact… that will lead to.” Remnik really needs an editor. Sad. 
“Homeless in America” [Thomas Friedman, New York Times ]. “How do I explain Trump’s victory? Way too soon to say for sure, but my gut tells me that it has much less to do with trade or income gaps and much more to do with culture and many Americans’ feeling of “homelessness.'” And then Friedman spirals off into abstractions about the “feelings” people have when they lose their homes, while somehow omitting to mention the fact that millions of Americans literally lost their homes in a foreclosure crisis caused by scamming banksters Obama never brought to justice, and who, if they were foolish enough to enter Obama’s “foam the runway” HAMP program, were further screwed. 
“Americans are not and have never been united by blood or creed, but by allegiance to a democratic system of government that shares power, cherishes the rule of law and respects the dignity of individuals. We hope our newly elected president will show respect for that system. Americans must stand ready to support him if he does, and to support the system whether he does or does not” [Editorial Board, WaPo ]. Would that any of those things were true. Perhaps for the individuals on WaPo’s editorial board, they are. 
“Political scientists have long recognized that most ordinary citizens have only a tenuous grasp of ‘the presuppositions and complex obligations of democracy, the rights it grants and the self-restraints it imposes.’ Thus, political elites ‘serve as the major repositories of the public conscience,’ if anyone does” [Larry Bartels, New York Times ]. I’ve always wondered why the Democrats never really work to extent the franchise. Here at least we have the ideological justification. 
“Today the world has seen the end of two centuries of Anglo-Saxon dominance – a hundred years of Britain, from the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 to the Battle of the Somme, and a hundred years of the United States, ending today, with the election as president of the US of a fascist ‘television personality’ married to a nude model” [ Splash 247 ]. “‘Decadence’ is the term that we need, here – decadence on a scale not seen in the world since the fall of the Roman Empire – which fell in much the same way, for much the same reasons.” 
We have now seen a hat trick of ‘democratic’ events in which men who come from the elite, and who have betrayed their class – Roderigo Duterte, in the Philippines, on May 9, was the straw in the wind, he was followed by Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage in the UK, on June 23, and today by Donald Trump in the US, and they have, with the use of the internet social media, most especially Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook, successfully suckered the soggy mass of lazy, ill-educated, ill-read and ill-informed proles, and a good supply of what V.I. Lenin called “useful idiots”, in three nations, into putting them into power, by telling lies and by promising the proles what they want. 
What the proles want is ‘good jobs’ but with the ability to buy the stuff they buy now at cheap prices, because it is made by under paid, hardworking, men and women in other countries who have ‘stolen their jobs’, and they want ‘no foreigners’. They can’t have this, of course, but no matter, they don’t read, they just look at ‘memes’, and the damage is done. 
Leave it to the Brits to work in the class angle, quote Lenin, and toss in an Orwell reference! 
“Trump voters will not like what happens next” [Garrison Keillor, WaPo ]. “America is still the land where the waitress’ kids can grow up to become physicists and novelists and pediatricians, but it helps a lot if the waitress and her husband encourage good habits and the ambition to use your God-given talents and the kids aren’t plugged into electronics day and night.” Help me. 
“Americans have done a very dangerous thing this week. Because of what they have done we all face dark, uncertain and fearful times” [ Guardian ]. 
“‘Dear God, America what have you done?’: How the world and its media reacted as Donald Trump became US President-elect” [ Telegraph ]. A nice round-up of front page images. 
Policy 
“Trump won largely because people couldn’t bring themselves to vote for Clinton, and not so much because anyone like him or his presumed agenda. And along the way he destroyed the Republican party, which may or may not sit so well with Republicans in Congress” [ Mosler Economics] . “So it’s not like he has a mandate to do anything or that he can rely on Republican support for anything.” I’m not so sure; I see the Republican primary and the general taken together a repudiation of both party establishments and the political class in its totality. That said, this is important: 
Regarding his proposed tax cuts, under current law bills can’t be introduced in Congress unless they are ‘paid for’, so, for example, to introduce a tax cut it has to be paid for by spending cuts. Yes, Congress could change the law or override it but that would require Senate approval, and that takes a 60% majority that Republicans don’t have. 
So my point is that at best it’s going to take a very long time to get anything done. And the way all the charts are decelerating it could all get pretty ugly waiting for the kind of fiscal adjustment needed to reverse course. 
“The new Senate’s Republican majority will remain short of the 60 votes needed for a full repeal. But Congress demonstrated in the past year that it could use the upper chamber’s reconciliation process — requiring just 50 votes — to send a bill undoing major ACA elements to the White House. Last winter, President Obama vetoed that legislation” [ WaPo ]. Meaning, of course, that the Democrats could have done exactly the same thing in 2009, but passed HR676 or SB703. That, throwing a bankster or two in jail, and a decent stimulus package instead of the one Larry Summers deked Obama into approving, and the Democrats might control all three branches of government today. And so it goes. 
The Voters 
“As of 11:55 a.m. ET, Clinton had amassed 59,458,295 votes nationally, to Trump’s 59,265,380 — a margin of 192,915 that puts Clinton on track to become the fifth U.S. presidential candidate to win the popular vote but lose the election” [ NPR ]. But the first woman! 
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/11/how-trump-won/507053/ 
Butterfly 
In the great state of Maine, Trump won Maine Second, and Clinton won Maine First [ Politico ]. Maine voters also passed the following ballot measures: Legalize Marijuana",0
10758,Businesses Near Trump Tower Say Security Is Stealing Their Christmas - The New York Times,"Craning over his shoulder, Douglas Tully slowly, cautiously maneuvered his   delivery truck down a block of West 56th Street in Midtown Manhattan  —   in reverse. “I’ve seen a lot of things as a truck driver, but this has got to be a first, ” said Mr. Tully, 40, who had delivered a rug near Trump Tower only to find he could not exit the   street 56th Street was blocked off at Fifth Avenue by the police, blast barricades and   dogs. As vehicles nosed toward Fifth Avenue, officers stopped each one, forcing them back down the street against traffic. Ever since Donald J. Trump was elected president last month, the sidewalks around his   home and office on Fifth Avenue have been clogged with gawkers, security barriers and officers who search shopping bags filled with presents. Traffic, including city buses, crawls by. All around the building, during what is usually a peak time of the year, restaurants are sending home waiters because there are not enough customers, garages say almost no one is parking and salons are doing fewer hairdos for holiday parties.   Street between Madison and Fifth Avenues is closed to all vehicle traffic. These days it is filled with deliverymen pushing crates of vegetables for long blocks from their trucks stranded on 56th Street to restaurant kitchens. “The block is now unwelcoming and looks like a war zone,” said Daniel R. Garodnick, a Democratic city councilman who represents the area. “We are getting to a place where these businesses need to plan and worry that they won’t be able to survive. We have a need to protect the   but we shouldn’t allow our businesses and all of those jobs be sacrificed in the process. ” Trump Tower sits along Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets, the entrance flanked by the Gucci and Tiffany  Company flagship stores, all of which are behind a cordon of law enforcement protection. Police officers questioning customers yell out “Gucci!” or “Tiffany!” like street peddlers. Just a few days before Christmas Eve, few shoppers seemed to be making the effort. But despite Trump Tower’s gilded address, the neighborhood is filled with many modest businesses, like cafes and hair salons, all struggling to figure out a way to deal with the intense security perimeter. In a letter sent on Tuesday to Mayor Bill de Blasio, Mr. Garodnick said that revenue had declined by 20 percent or more at over three dozen small businesses in the neighborhood. Ten city bus routes are affected by the new traffic patterns around Trump Tower, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. A bottleneck that developed in the days after Election Day has eased on Fifth Avenue, but travel times have increased markedly on 57th Street, where eastbound traffic is 20 percent slower between Fifth and Seventh Avenues than it was before the election, according to the city’s Department of Transportation. Drivers, transportation officials said, seem to be adjusting to the traffic challenges by choosing different routes through the neighborhood. “We are taking an aggressive   approach to combating congestion in Midtown,’’ said Eric F. Phillips, Mr. de Blasio’s press secretary. “We regularly convene all of the major agencies and stakeholders. ’’ About 200 members of the New York Police Department serve   shifts outside Trump Tower every day, a total of about 1, 400 law enforcement personnel over the course of a week, the police said. The assignments are not permanent, but are done on a rotating basis, using officers from other parts of the city. The officers are pulled evenly from precinct houses across the five boroughs, according to a fact sheet provided by the department. “This would be a   job for any other city,” Stephen P. Davis, the Police Department’s chief spokesman, said. “But we have done so much of this that it’s something that’s not alien to us. ” City officials have asked the federal government to reimburse the cost of providing security for Mr. Trump, which they said would reach $35 million by the time of his inauguration on Jan. 20. So far, federal officials have set aside $7 million for such expenses. The constant changing of the guard may prevent policing from suffering in other parts of the city, but it does present complications: Workers collecting garbage from Uncle Jack’s Steakhouse, on 56th Street, have been let through by officers on some days, but turned away by different officers on other days, said Robert Smith, the director of operations for the restaurant. Restaurant workers regularly have to fetch customers who have been stopped by officers at Fifth Avenue. “We go out and find the gold shields and beg them to let people in,” Mr. Smith said, adding that business has fallen 20 percent in what is usually his busiest season, forcing him to reduce shifts for workers. Last month, David Chang, the celebrated   of the Momofuku group of restaurants who has several establishments in the area, vented his frustration on Twitter, saying the situation was “killing” foot traffic. In a following tweet, he added: “Make 56th Street Great Again. ” A spokeswoman for Mr. Chang’s restaurants declined to provide details about how severely business had been affected. Mr. Chang, she said, was too busy to speak about the issue. Staff members from the city’s Department of Small Business Services met on Thursday with members of the Police Department to discuss new measures for the area. Among those measures were making sure all officers assigned to Trump Tower are familiar with security protocols, including what kind of vehicles are allowed to pass through security barriers, and replacing some of the larger barricades that might intimidate shoppers. “This is all temporary,” Sgt. Arthur Smarsch of the Police Department said after the meeting as he stood on 56th Street on Thursday, near Fifth Avenue where barricades blocked traffic from proceeding east. “Just for the next four years. ”",0
10759,"Van Jones: Clinton Campaign Took a Billion Dollars, Set It on Fire, Called It a Campaign - Breitbart",".@VanJones68: ”The Clinton campaign didn’t spend $1 BILLION on POC or white working class   they spent it on themselves.” #PPLSummit #AMJoy pic. twitter.  Saturday at The People’s Summit in Chicago, former Obama green jobs czar and CNN contributor Van Jones ripped Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign.  Jones took aim at the amount of money spent in the losing effort and how that money was spent. “First of all, I don’t mean to be rude  —   and I don’t mean to offend anybody,” Jones said. “But the people who ran the Hillary Clinton campaign did not spend their money on white workers, and they did not spend it on people of color. They spent it on themselves. They spent it on themselves, let’s be honest. They took a billion dollars, a billion dollars, a billion dollars, and set it on fire, and called it a campaign! That wasn’t a campaign. That’s not a campaign. ” “A billion dollars for consultants,” he added. “A billion dollars for pollsters. A billion dollars for a data operation, that was run by data dummies who couldn’t figure out that maybe people in Michigan needed to be organized. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
10760,How the Berenstain Bears Found Salvation - The New York Times,"My    son is obsessed with the Berenstain Bears. When bedtime rolls around, I no longer ask him what book he wants to read, but which Berenstain Bears book he would like. And who could blame him? Stan and Jan Berenstain’s    series, with its family of bears living in a big tree house down a sunny dirt road deep in Bear Country, covers the waterfront of possible toddler experiences: everything from “Trouble at School” to “Too Much Birthday” to “Messy Room” to “Go to the Doctor. ” And for that reason, the books are easily deployed by scheming parents like myself to inoculate against potentially unsettling changes that might frighten a   . When my wife and I were set to take a   overseas trip, we read and reread “Week at Grandma’s” with my son as preparation when summer rolled around, we pulled out “Go to Camp. ” If my    is any indication, young children are continually concerned about changes to their perceived order: Where is Mommy tonight? Why is there no school today? Where did my toy go? The Berenstain Bears are always facing up to new challenges, but their lives  —   in that big tree house down the sunny dirt road  —   never change much. This familiarity is essential to the books’   appeal the stories start with a necessarily brief outburst of chaos, but order is always restored to Bear Country by the end. Parents know best, children always heed their lessons and everything is in its right place. Family values literally reign triumphant, with the books an ongoing celebration of the value of family. This warmth and good humor have captivated generations of young readers since the first volume, “The Big Honey Hunt,” was published in 1962. Small changes would occasionally take place in Bear Country  —   a baby cub, Honey Bear, was introduced in 2000’s “And Baby Makes Five”  —   but consistency had always been crucial to the Berenstain Bears’ appeal. So I could practically hear a needle scratch when I opened up some newer editions my son had received as a gift, and I discovered that the Berenstains’ concerns had turned from the mundane to the theological. The new volumes, “The Berenstain Bears: Do Not Fear, God Is Near” and “The Berenstain Bears Go to Sunday School,” had a markedly different cast than my son’s old favorites. Even those without explicitly religious titles are still larded with Bible thumping. In my son’s new favorite volume, “The Berenstain Bears Show Some Respect,” the bears get snappish with one another during a search for the ideal picnic spot, as the cubs talk back to Mama and Papa, and Papa Bear, in turn, speaks disrespectfully to his father. Gramps grows frustrated and, in an impassioned monologue, makes reference to scripture: “You know, us old folks know a thing or two. As the Bible says, ‘Age should speak advanced years should teach wisdom. ’” This was particularly jarring for me because I had always assumed that, given their surnames, the bears were, well, Jewish (and probably secular, considering they never really brought it up). As a parent, I took it for granted that the moral framework of contemporary children’s books, when it made an appearance, would remain disengaged from any actual dogma. So, when had the Berenstain Bears found Christ? And why? The Berenstain Bears franchise currently belongs to Mike Berenstain, who has written the books for the past decade. Berenstain was a   when his parents, Stan and Jan Berenstain, professional cartoonists, first learned of a new children’  imprint at Random House started by Theodore Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. The two decided to pass along an idea for a book about a family of bears that runs into a series of comic mishaps while on a quest for honey. This became “The Big Honey Hunt,” published in 1962. Geisel encouraged the Berenstains to avoid being pigeonholed with their bear characters. “He said, ‘No, that’s the worst thing to do,’” Mike recalls. “‘You’d be typecast. Everybody has a bear. There’s Yogi Bear, Sendak has Little Bear, there’s the Chicago Bears. ’” But brisk sales of “Honey Hunt” caused Geisel to change his mind, and he convinced the Berenstains to resurrect the bear family. They handed in the manuscript for the second book, “The Bike Lesson,” soon after that. When it was published, much to their surprise, they found that Random House had given the bears their family name. A dynasty was born. The Berenstain Bears books that followed were intentional throwbacks, reflecting not the tumultuous America of their time  —   we never saw “The Berenstain Bears Turn On, Tune In and Drop Out”  —   but of an imagined, idyllic past. “They were creating, at that time, a kind of archaic, genteel,   exaggeratedly rustic Americana world,” Mike Berenstain says. This is apparent even in the Berenstains’ taste for oddball euphemisms they refer to dog poop as “calling cards. ” Mike Berenstain became a designer at Random House and then a children’  writer and illustrator for about 10 years before being called in by his overworked parents to help out with the family business in the  . Stan died in 2005, and after that, Mike was left in charge of the writing his mother continued to   the stories along with Mike until she died in 2012. Mike took over as sole author and illustrator, and the books began to reflect more of his own personality, even as he served as the faithful executor of his parents’ vision. This led to a disconnect between his family’s stolid, universalist postwar morality and his own. Stan Berenstain had been born to a secular Jewish family in West Philadelphia, and Jan Berenstain, née Grant, was Episcopalian by birth. Mike and his brother were not raised in any particular religious faith. “They taught me morals and traditions and ethics, but not a particular spiritual identity,” he says. Mike didn’t find religion until he enrolled his children at Quaker schools near his suburban Philadelphia home, which led him to the Presbyterian Church and a mature religious faith of his own. In 2006, Mike Berenstain, with the agreement of his mother, approached HarperCollins with an idea for a new book series. They had noticed an unusual volume of letters and emails from devoted Christian readers, writing to share their appreciation for the timeless values of the Berenstain Bears books. A light went off: How about an entire series for religious readers? The resulting books, published as part of the Living Lights series by HarperCollins’ Zondervan imprint, best known for its   collection of Bibles, were intentionally cordoned off from the original Berenstain Bears series. They were primarily marketed to Christian bookstores and school associations, and promoted to   outlets and Christian bloggers. Nonetheless, the Zondervan titles often occupy the same bookstore and library shelves as the other Berenstain Bears books ours came from my    a   teacher, who purchased them from a decidedly secular website. Not only did sales of the Living Lights series avoid cannibalizing sales of the more traditional Berenstain Bears line, as some at HarperCollins worried overall sales for the Berenstains’ books have actually increased by 30 percent since the series began. Annette Bourland, Zondervan’s senior vice president and publisher, told me they had found an eager audience in the “  community. ” As an observant Jew, I may not have particularly wanted to read to my son about attending Sunday school, but there was hardly anything to take offense at in the new Berenstain Bears adventures. Still, to be perfectly honest, its   characters unwound some of the lingering sentiment I’d felt for the Berenstain Bears, who appeared to me to have abandoned their universalist appeal. Their stories were no longer about milestones and stumbling blocks in every young child’s life but took a more narrowly targeted approach that left some out even as it pulled others in. Even knowing Mike Berenstain’s reasoning  —   his faith, finding a bigger audience  —   it was hard not to see the Bears’ conversion as another means of escape from the changing world they had always sought to escape. In the 1960s, Bear Country was a refuge from tumult basically, it was the suburbs. Now religion was the refuge, a cloak for the bears’ deliberate and unfashionable fustiness. But was there any need for such a justification? Ultimately, bedtime stories serve twin purposes. To children, they’re entertainment to parents, a soporific. “Show Some Respect” stayed in regular   rotation in our household, my discomfort with its Christian themes outweighed by its uncanny ability to speed the progress from bath to bed to blissful (parental) immersion in “Catastrophe. ” My son, though, could not have cared less that the Berenstain Bears were quoting from the Bible, any more than he would have noticed references to the Quran or “The Communist Manifesto. ” He was just glad that the Bears had found a place to have their picnic  —   and that they always would.",0
10761,Difference Between Growing Up In The 1960s Compared To 2016,"You are here: Home / US / Difference Between Growing Up In The 1960s Compared To 2016 Difference Between Growing Up In The 1960s Compared To 2016 October 27, 2016 Pinterest 
Seth Connell reports that in August of this year, campus carry went into effect on Texas’ public college campuses, enabling students and staff with valid concealed handgun licenses to legally carry their firearms. Predictably, leftists freaked out at the idea of people legally carrying firearms in their “safe spaces.” 
As we reported back in August, the most famous form of protest on Texas college campuses was “Cocks Not Glocks,” a movement where students who opposed campus carry took adult sex toys with them all across the campus. 
Related: Campus Carry Starts Today In Texas; Here’s How Liberal Students Are Protesting… 
Despite these protestations, campus carry is in effect in Texas, and there is not mass murder happening in dorms, classrooms, or professors’ offices. Who’d have thunk, right? 
Well, it turns out that “Cocks no Glocks” is not going away any time soon. In fact, they have been invited to The White House as a kind of reward for their childish, bratty temper tantrums. 
Guns.com reported: 
Organizers of an anti-gun protest at the University of Texas in Austin against a new campus carry law noted for garnering some 4,000 adult toys which they gave away, earning immortality on the Daily Show, have made their way to Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Invited by DoSomething.org to join a gun control advocates to talk to senior officials about grassroots activism, the CNG gang posted images of their visit to the White House to social media– and contend some important firsts were made. 
“They think it’s the first time ‘dildo’ has been said in the Roosevelt Room in the West Wing,” the group noted on social media. “‘Cocks’ also reverberated around the room dozens of times and Rosie, who was sitting right next to the Oval Office where Obama was sitting 10ft away, could hear his voice through the door. Does that mean he could hear ours?” 
The Facebook page for “Cocks Not Glocks” proudly claims that they are “Fighting Absurdity with Absurdity.” Yes, because using sex toys is a perfectly respectable and mature way to establish your credibility, and to show that you are making well-thought out and logical arguments. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what the gun control crowd has come to. There is effectively no logic in this kind of protest. It is all fear-mongering and appeal to one of the basest of human passions: sex. 
These people are not making any logical or coherent argument. They are lashing out using highly emotionally charged rhetoric and spreading fear. That kind of argumentation is done by demagogues. 
This is evidence of the en masse mental enslavement that is happening in public colleges. These students have been trained to think that an inanimate object is evil and has a will of its own, and that the best way to fight that inanimate object is to whine to the point of absolute lunacy. 
These people need a dose of reality ASAP.",0
10762,US Launches Groundbreaking Cuban-Developed Cancer Treatment,"0 69 1 0 The Buffalo-based Roswell Park Cancer Institute will launch a revolutionary cancer treatment method developed by Cuban scientists. 
NEW YORK (Sputnik) — The Buffalo-based Roswell Park Cancer Institute will launch a groundbreaking Cuban-developed lung cancer treatment, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announced on Wednesday. ""With Roswell Park at the forefront of world-renowned medical research, we are this much closer to making a breakthrough that will combat cancer and save lives,"" Cuomo stated. ""This latest milestone marks another chapter in Buffalo’s success story, and we look forward to seeing the impacts of this partnership resonate in New York and across the nation."" On #LungHealthDay , proud to announce a @RoswellPark partnership that will work on #CIMAVax , an immunotherapy for lung cancer pic.twitter.com/ROuDF30HeP — Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) 26 октября 2016 г. 
With over 25 years in research, Cuba has developed a potentially life-saving vaccine for lung cancer that has already shown hopeful results in various countries, according to the statement. The vaccine has been reportedly used to treat more than 4,000 lung cancer patients who took part in clinical trials worldwide. Scientists Unleash Teeny Tiny Little Soldiers in Fight Against Breast Cancer During a visit to Cuba last year, Cuomo secured a partnership between Roswell Park and Havana's Center of Molecular Immunology.
Funded primarily by Roswell Park Alliance Foundation, the Buffalo center in the first and only in the United States to offer the clinical trial for the treatment, according to the statement. ...",0
10763,Donald Trump Meeting Suggests He Is Keeping Up His Business Ties - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump met in the last week in his office at Trump Tower with three Indian business partners who are building a   luxury apartment complex south of Mumbai, raising new questions about how he will separate his business dealings from the work of the government once he is in the White House. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump described the meeting as a courtesy call by the three Indian real estate executives, who flew from India to congratulate Mr. Trump on his election victory. In a picture posted on Twitter, all four men are smiling and giving a  . “It was not a formal meeting of any kind,” Breanna Butler, a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said when asked about the meeting on Saturday. One of the businessmen, Sagar Chordia, posted photographs on Facebook on Wednesday showing that he also met with Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump. Mr. Trump’s children are helping to run his businesses as they play a part in the presidential transition. Ms. Butler and Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, declined to comment when asked on Saturday if the meeting with the Trump family members included any discussion of Trump businesses in India or expanding that business. The three Indian executives  —   Sagar Chordia, Atul Chordia, and Kalpesh Mehta  —   have been quoted in Indian newspapers, including The Economic Times, as saying they have discussed expanding their partnership with the Trump Organization now that Mr. Trump is  . Sagar Chordia did not respond to a request for a telephone interview. But in a series of text messages with The New York Times early Sunday, he confirmed that the meeting with Mr. Trump and members of his family had taken place, and that an article written about it in the Indian newspaper, which reported that one of his partners said they had discussed the desire to expand the deals with the Trump family, was accurate. Washington ethics lawyers said that a meeting with Indian real estate partners, regardless of what was discussed, raised conflict of interest questions for Mr. Trump, who could be perceived as using the presidency to advance his business interests. “There may be people for whom this looks O. K.,” said Robert L. Walker, the former chief counsel of the Senate Ethics Committee, who advises corporations and members of Congress on government ethics issues. “But for a large part of the American public, it is not going to be O. K. His role as   should dictate that someone else handles business matters. ” In an account of the meeting that appeared in The Economic Times, Mr. Trump was quoted as praising the United States’ relationship with India and its prime minister, Narendra Modi. The Economic Times reported that the meeting occurred on Tuesday. A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization would not confirm the day of the meeting. Internationally, many properties that bear Mr. Trump’s name are the result of marketing deals  —   like the one in India  —   in which he is paid by someone for the use of his name but does not actually own the underlying property. He has such marketing agreements in South Korea, the United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, the Philippines and Turkey, according to a list published by his company. Atul Chordia and Sagar Chordia are   figures in real estate in Pune, a city of about three million people in the western Indian state of Maharashtra. Their father, Ishwardas Chordia, was born into a family of sugar traders, but as a young man forged a close friendship with Sharad Pawar, who became an important politician in Maharashtra and now sits in the upper house of India’s Parliament. Beginning in the 1990s, Chordia businesses built luxury hotels, corporate parks and residential projects in upscale neighborhoods in Pune. The third executive at the meeting, Mr. Mehta, is the managing partner of a   firm named Tribeca, which is also a part of the Trump projects in India, which go by names including Trump Towers Pune and Trump Towers Mumbai. Dave Besseling, a former deputy editor at GQ India, hosted an event at Sagar Chordia’s hotel during the 2016 presidential campaign and said Mr. Chordia expressed “elation” about Mr. Trump’s candidacy and the opportunities it would bring. The same week, Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka  —   an executive at the Trump Organization hotel chain  —   attended a meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan. The move drew criticism from former State Department officials, given that Ms. Trump does not have security clearance and is helping run the family business enterprises. Separately, The Washington Post reported on Saturday that the recently opened Trump International Hotel in Washington invited representatives from local embassies to the hotel after the election to encourage them to use it when leaders from their countries visited Washington. Noah Bookbinder, the executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics, a liberal government watchdog group in Washington, said the meeting at Trump Tower was inappropriate even if there had not been conversation about business. “Donald Trump’s children and    have been deeply involved in the transition and selecting who will be part of his administration,” Mr. Bookbinder said. “At the same time they are deeply involved in the business. There does not seem to be any sign of a meaningful separation of Trump government operations and his business operations. ” Ms. Butler, the spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said the family was moving to try to formally separate Mr. Trump from his family’s business ventures. “Mr. Trump is not going to have dealings in the    business of that organization,” she said. Another spokeswoman for the Trump Organization added in a written statement that “the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations. ” Asked if such a separation had already taken place in the aftermath of the election, she said she did not know.",0
10764,The Hillary Era is Coming: Worry!,"BY ANDREW LEVINE I trust that I am not the only one to have noticed that in rural areas and economically distressed neighborhoods in towns and cities, lawn signs for Donald Trump are everywhere, while Hillary signs are rarer than Teslas and Maseratis. I think I understand the Trump signs: they are cries of defiance. Hillary’s supporters are harder to figure out. I suspect that most of them would just as soon not advertise their intentions November 8. Even if they think that there is no other way to stop Trump, they understand that, by voting for Hillary, they are embarrassing themselves. Lawn signs apart, the evidence that Trump is kaput is, by now, overwhelming. He seems finally to have done his campaign in – to such an extent that even diehard anti-Trump fear mongers concede the inevitability of the Clintons’ return to the White House. Trump’s campaign had been on life support for weeks when the pussy grabbing tape surfaced, followed by a seemingly endless stream of women – a dozen or so already — accusing the Donald of groping them and worse. Then, in the third debate, Trump announced that he would “wait and see” before accepting the legitimacy of a Clinton victory. This seems to have been the final straw for all but the most bona fide “deplorables.” And so, the writing is on the wall: Hillary will win just as surely as the sun will rise tomorrow – well, not quite, but almost. There is no reason to rejoice in her victory, only in Trump’s defeat. Hillary’s supporters are in denial, and even people who know better than to support her for her own sake remain determined to waste their votes by adding to her totals. Apparently, they think that this is a way to send the message that Trumpian “fascism” shall not pass. How much better it would be if they would use their votes to build alternatives to the neoliberal perpetual war regime that Hillary and Bill and their co-thinkers have helped fashion! The best chance for that, at this point, is Jill Stein’s campaign on the Green Party ticket. Stein cannot win, of course; a vote for her is only a protest vote. But there is nothing wrong with that. Hillary needs to know that she has no mandate to end the world “as we know it,” and this is one of many ways to convey that message. And even that isn’t as obvious as it seems . Hillary probably the lesser evil all things considered. But Trump is very likely the less dangerous of the two. The man is an adolescent in a septuagenarian’s body, with a tendency to act out. But at least he is not a Russophobe or a neocon or a “humanitarian” intervener intent on regime change in countries that resist American domination. This would include not only the usual victims, countries incapable of harming the United States militarily, but Russia and China as well. It is relevant too that the supposed lesser evil is a committed neoliberal and a Wall Street toady, and that Trump’s “crooked Hillary” taunts hit the target more often than not. These considerations, and others like them, should cause concern to those who are fine with lesser evil voting in general, but who think that there are thresholds beneath which lesser evil considerations should not apply. There is no need to agonize over these issues, however; not in this case. When Trump became the Republican nominee, lesser evil arguments became moot. This would still be the case even if more voters were not quite so willfully blind to the dangers inherent in Clinton’s determination to maintain American world domination by any means necessary, and to her fondness for military “solutions.” Lesser evil considerations are irrelevant because Trump is and always has been bound to lose to any Democrat, even to her. I have been pressing this point and its corollary — that anti-Trump hysteria is a distraction – from Day One. As recently as a month ago, hardly anyone agreed with me. If only I had a dollar for every time I have been taken to task for not seeing the parallels between the Trump phenomenon and the rise of Nazism in the final years of the Weimar Republic! I would be a rich man today. But because it is now recognized that Trump’s chances of becoming President are, for all practical purposes, nil, no one is pressing that line these days. I used to be out on a limb; I no longer am. It would be only natural to take pleasure in this turn of events, and I would — but for the fact that a Trump defeat implies a Clinton victory. That prospect is, at best, only slightly less nightmarish. Worse, it doesn’t seem to matter that all but the most flagrant worrywarts now finally concede that there will never be a President Trump. Liberals and centrists and even a few foolish leftists are still going all out for Hillary. From the dead center to the soft left, the consensus view is still that now is a time to boost, not knock, Hillary’s campaign — especially in the dozen or so states where the Electoral College outcomes could not have been determined years ago with absolute certainty. It is remarkable that so many people cannot let anti-Trump hysteria go; that they are so focused on Trump’s misogyny, temperamental instability, and narcissistic blather that they don’t see that the only thing we need fear, where Trump is concerned, is, so to speak, the fear itself. However, in Hillary’s case, there really is something to fear: that she is about to become the Commander-in-Chief of the most lethal military force in the history of the world. On that point, her supporters are in denial, and even people who know better than to support her for her own sake remain determined to waste their votes by adding to her totals. Apparently, they think that this is a way to send the message that Trumpian “fascism” shall not pass. How much better it would be if they would use their votes to build alternatives to the neoliberal perpetual war regime that Hillary and Bill and their co-thinkers have helped fashion! The best chance for that, at this point, is Jill Stein’s campaign on the Green Party ticket. Stein cannot win, of course; a vote for her is only a protest vote. But there is nothing wrong with that. Hillary needs to know that she has no mandate to end the world “as we know it,” and this is one of many ways to convey that message. Pundits who claim otherwise are dead wrong. Those who pile on for Hillary are wasting their votes; protest votes aimed at Hillary are not wasted at all. I would imagine that at least some Trump voters are thinking along similar lines. But the racism, nativism and Islamophobia of their candidate tarnishes the messages their votes will convey. They therefore cannot register with any real clarity. The message protest votes for Stein convey is, on the other hand, as clear and distinct as can be. And if she garners at least five percent of the total votes cast, the Greens will have access to federal funding in future elections, and will have a much easier time gaining ballot access in all fifty states. This would not make for much of a “political revolution,” even in Bernie Sanders’ highly attenuated sense of the term, but it would make future elections less mind-numbing and degrading, and it could ultimately lead to more far-reaching transformations of the political scene. Now that Trump has all but killed off the GOP, the duopoly party system is in jeopardy, and all kinds of political realignments have, at last, become feasible. *** I wasn’t just being contrarian when I went out on a limb about Trump’s chances; and my confidence was in no way based on inferences from polling data or statistical extrapolations. Let the blogosphere’s “political junkies” and the corporate media’s talking heads knock themselves out with that. What they do is useful only for entertaining people who care about the horse race aspect of presidential elections. It is distressing how many Americans indulge in that spectator sport. Most of them are essentially apolitical. I was confident that I was right about Trump’s chances because I knew that what people tell pollsters when an election seems far off is basically irrelevant for predicting the election’s outcome. Information about how they and people like them voted in the past is more relevant, but not by much. This is especially true when, as in this case, disdain for one or the other candidate, or for both, is a dispositive factor in many voters’ minds. I was also fairly sure that, rightly or wrongly, more people fear and loathe Trump than fear and loathe Hillary; and that, if they didn’t at the outset, they would before long – because Trump was all but certain to undermine himself, and because there is so much dirt out there on the Donald’s sleazy connections and moral turpitude that even God-fearing Republicans, capable of believing almost any nonsense, were bound eventually to be repulsed. I suspected too that Trump never really wanted to be President; that he only got into the race to promote his brand, and because he is an egotist and publicity-hound. Trump hates to lose, however — especially to the likes of Hillary — and so, at some point, he must have decided to give the campaign his all, even if it meant bringing the Trump brand down with him. Should it come to that, I will shed crocodile tears for his brood, Ivanka especially. A worthwhile thing to do in the months ahead would be to work to make that happen; to do everything possible to assure that the damage done to all things Trump will be irreversible. What a delightful irony that would be! There are plenty of Hillary-haters in the Donald’s base who hate Hillary because they consider her the embodiment of coercive goody-goodyism, or because they think she is disdainful of people like them (people in the “deplorables” demographic), or because they think that she is too leftwing. The idea that she is too leftwing is nonsense, of course; she is not nearly leftwing enough. That anyone would think otherwise is a testament to the media’s ability to shape public perceptions and to the degree of political ignorance rampant in some quarters of the American electorate. But “vast rightwing conspiracy” Hillary-haters are spot on right about the rest of it — and two out of three isn’t bad. Even so, there are better reasons than theirs to dread the prospect of a Clinton presidency. They all have to do with the service Hillary has done, and will go on doing, for the miscreants who control the commanding heights of America’s and the world’s capitalist order, and with her untrammeled, ideologically-driven bellicosity. Hillary knows how to game the system; and she and Bill know how to benefit from doing so. But, for all her vaunted “experience,” she is clueless about the world. And although she and her fans boast of her “pragmatism,” that woman is seriously inept. Most of what she undertakes to do is ill conceived, and nearly all of it turns out badly. In short, the lesser evil, if that is what she is, is a very great evil indeed. It won’t take long, once she moves back into the White House and starts putting her stamp on the empire’s depredations, for the scales to fall from the eyes of all but her most gullible supporters. I am even more sure of this than I was of Trump’s defeat, but I will take even less joy in being proved right again. What lies ahead, with Hillary in control, is too horrible to contemplate.   PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP. JUST CLICK HERE . ABOUT THE AUTHOR ANDREW LEVINE is a Senior Scholar at the Institute for Policy Studies, the author most recently of THE AMERICAN IDEOLOGY (Routledge) and POLITICAL KEY WORDS (Blackwell) as well as of many other books and articles in political philosophy. His most recent book is In Bad Faith: What’s Wrong With the Opium of the People . He was a Professor (philosophy) at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a Research Professor (philosophy) at the University of Maryland-College Park. He is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press). Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience.   ALL CAPTIONS AND PULL-QUOTES BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS.  ",0
10765,Meditation: The Chicago Cubs Winning Edge?,"Meditation: The Chicago Cubs Winning Edge? Nov 7, 2016 0 0 
It is no secret to sports fan around the United States that the Chicago Cubs baseball team just recently won the World Series, which was done for the first time in 108 years. Last year, the Cubs made it to the playoffs, but fell short of the world series. Still though, for an organization who has been used to losing for over a century, the past two years have been a delight in the fans’ eyes. Is it simply a coincidence that for these past two seasons, the Cubs have implemented meditation and yoga into their training regimen, or is there something more to it? 
For major league outfielder Darnell McDonald has been the coordinator for the Cubs new mental skills program for the past couple years and has helped to sharpen the mental edge of the players he works with. The Cubs president Theo Epstein helped push for the creation of the program as he knows the importance of having a mental edge in the game. 
“If you approached a player to talk to them about working on his mental game [20 years ago], his response would be, ‘You think I’m nuts?’ You still see that now and then, but that’s the exception, not the rule.” 
Darnell McDonald explains that gaining a mental edge over opponents in major league baseball is important because of the incredibly high physical skills that all players have at that level. 
“You learn when you get to professional baseball, that everyone is good…they’re really good. And so the separator is the 7th game of the world series; the teams that are able to execute under pressure. It’s when we take off the auto-pilot button and when we’re present and alive and aware.” Darnell McDonald, the Cubs Mental Skills Program Coordinator 
The Cubs’ manager, Joe Maddon, has been a big proponent of the program as he meditates himself and understands the importance it can have on the player’s attitudes and their performance. He often says to his team, “I don’t ask you to be perfect, I just want you to be present.” 
Jake Arrieta, a starting pitcher for the Cubs and last years Cy Young award winner (best pitcher), loves the program and has benefited tremendously from both yoga and meditation. 
“I’m much better at it now. For me, it’s about trying to evolve and be better, not only as a player but as a person, too.” 
Meditation has been scientifically proven to help people be more focused, helps to regulate pain receptors in the body, helps reduce physical and emotional stress, strengthens the immune system and helps people to get better sleep, which equates to a better recovery for an athlete’s body and mind. Meditation is spreading quickly in the sports world. 
The professional football team of the Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll introduced mindfulness meditation to his team in 2011. Since the 2012 season, the Seahawks have made it to the playoffs the each of the last 4 years, while winning the Superbowl in 2013 and making it back to the Superbowl in 2014. The results of including meditation into training regimens speak for themselves. 
Long time NBA coach Phil Jackson is an avid meditator and has discussed why he used mindfulness with his teams like the Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers and says that it helped his teams communicate better and be able to handle frustrating or stressful events throughout any given game. 
Do you know of other sports teams that use meditation in training or before games? How has it benefited you in games or practice? 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and practices health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information on how to receive health coaching for yourself, a family member or a friend as well as view other inspiring articles.",0
10766,Volkswagen Reaches Deal in U.S. Over Emissions Scandal - The New York Times,"Volkswagen agreed on Thursday to fix or buy back nearly 500, 000 diesel cars in the United States that are equipped with illegal emissions software. But a settlement announced in federal court in San Francisco left open numerous legal and financial issues stemming from the carmaker’s admission that it rigged diesel vehicles to cheat on pollution tests. Lawyers in the case are still negotiating the fines that Volkswagen must pay, as well as the compensation that owners will receive. Judge Charles R. Breyer set June 21 as the deadline for Volkswagen to settle those questions with the federal government as well as lawyers for vehicle owners. “There is still a lot of work to be done,” Judge Breyer said. It is already clear, though, that Volkswagen will have to increase the amount it has set aside to cover costs of the emissions scandal, which will easily run into billions of dollars. Kelley Blue Book, a research firm, has estimated the cost of buying back all the cars in the United States at $7 billion. The company is certain to face additional billions in fines and compensation paid to owners beyond the costs of repairs or buybacks in the United States. And there are many more faulty cars in Europe and elsewhere in the world still to be dealt with. Volkswagen has set aside only 6. 7 billion euros, or $7. 6 billion, against the eventual global costs from the scandal. “If they agree to buy back the cars, the costs will be higher than the current provisions,” said Matthias Hellstern, managing director for corporate finance at Moody’s Investors Service in Frankfurt. Kevin Helmich, owner of a 2010 Audi A3 with a diesel engine, said on Thursday that he would lean toward having the company buy his car back rather than get it repaired. Volkswagen is “making a real effort to do right by customers,” said Mr. Helmich, who lives in Ann Arbor, Mich. But he added, “I probably wouldn’t buy another car from them. ” Volkswagen faces a theoretical maximum government fine of $18 billion in the United States. Legal experts expect the legal penalties to be much lower, but still in the billions. Judge Breyer said that owners would also receive “substantial compensation. ” And the company could still be hit with criminal charges by the Justice Department, which is investigating Volkswagen’s cheating. Under the agreement announced Thursday, the company will offset some of the environmental damage caused by the cars by investing in clean technologies. The judge did not give details about the form the investment might take. In a statement, Volkswagen said it “intends to compensate its customers fully and to remediate any impact on the environment from excess diesel emissions. ” While many questions remain unanswered, the court hearing on Thursday suggested that Volkswagen and those with claims against it had made substantial progress toward a settlement that would clear up some of the company’s financial uncertainty. It should also help Volkswagen restore some good will with owners of 480, 000 Volkswagens and Audi A3 models with the affected   diesel engines. The models with the cheating software in the United States include Volkswagen, Audi and Porsche cars with   or   diesel engines from the model years  . Owners will have the option either to get their cars fixed so they are compliant with   laws, or sell them back to the company. People who have leased vehicles will be able to cancel their contracts without penalty. But a solution for about 100, 000 cars with   diesel engines, including Audi and Porsche models, has not yet been agreed to, the judge indicated. “I wish we had more details, and I wish we could get back to the business of selling” diesel models, said Alan Brown, owner of a Volkswagen dealership in Lewisville, Tex. “But it’s great to see we’ve got movement. Without customers, none of us dealers has a business. ” Many more European cars, over 10 million, are also affected by the Volkswagen cheating. But the company’s financial fines and any consumer liabilities in Europe are not expected to be nearly as high because of differences in   regulations and   laws. Given the uncertainties over the potential costs of the United States settlement, Volkswagen has delayed earnings reports for the last two quarters. That has impaired the company’s ability to raise money on debt markets because it could not provide financial information demanded by investors. And even when the details of Thursday’s announced settlement emerge, the company’s troubles will be far from over. It faces official investigations and possible criminal proceedings in other countries, including Britain, France, Germany and South Korea. And owners of its models in Europe, who account for a vast majority of the 11 million diesel vehicles with the cheating software, are angry that they are not receiving any compensation. Volkswagen is recalling the cars in Europe to reprogram the engine software and, in some cases, to install a plastic part that is supposed to help lower emissions. But it has balked at offering European owners money. Analysts at the investment bank UBS had estimated the total cost of the scandal for Volkswagen at 38 billion euros, or about $43. 1 billion, of which €14 billion was for expenses outside the United States. Judge Breyer had given Volkswagen until Thursday to reach a settlement with the federal government and with vehicle owners in the United States. The judge had expressed dissatisfaction that the cars were still on the road emitting illegal levels of pollution seven months after the cheating became public. The defeat device allowed Volkswagen to cheat on the emissions tests in the United States by recognizing when cars were being monitored and changing the exhaust settings. In testing, the cars increased pollution controls. But on the road, pollution controls were scaled back to enhance performance and fuel mileage, and to protect emissions equipment from wear. When that happened, the cars spewed as much as 40 times the allowed amounts of nitrogen oxides, a pollutant that poses health hazards. Judge Breyer is overseeing almost all of the litigation in the United States, including claims filed by federal and state governments as well as Volkswagen owners. The company still faces separate suits by Volkswagen dealers and by dealers of competing brands, who say the cheating gave Volkswagen an unfair advantage in the market. Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York attorney general, said Thursday’s announcement “does not in any way resolve” claims being pursued by a   coalition, which he said would continue its investigation and pursuit of penalties. The states have not yet filed a suit against Volkswagen. Volkswagen’s legal troubles were focused in the United States because limits on nitrogen oxides are more stringent and the penalties more severe than in Europe. In addition, United States law gives owners significant scope to seek redress in court. Rob Martens, a retired musician in Boulder, Colo. said he was eager to have Volkswagen buy back his 2015 Passat diesel. While he likes the car’s roominess and ride, he’s not happy to be driving a car that emits more pollutants than it should. On top of that, the car’s electronics have given him headaches  —   its infotainment system often freezes up and its rearview camera sometimes goes out. “This is not what they call German engineering,” Mr. Martens said. “I can’t wait to dump it. ”",0
10767,“Brexit means Clusterfuck” confirms Prime Minister,"“Brexit means Clusterfuck” confirms Prime Minister 
Theresa May has clarified that Brexit actually means one giant, steaming clusterfuck. 
The reincarnation of Emperor Palpatine made the statement following the High Court ruling that Parliament would have to give the go-ahead for Britain to officially tell the EU to piss right off. 
“Brexit does indeed mean clusterfuck,” said the Prime Minister, giving the pained smile of a woman who knows she’s going to be the historical equivalent of Basil Fawlty. 
“But it is the clusterfuck that the people voted for, and by God, we shall see to it that this clusterfuck gets done right and proper. 
“I mean, I’d rather not, because it’s going to be dreadful and tedious, but that’s democracy for you.” 
Brexiter, Simon Williams, said,”If ‘clusterfuck’ means ‘taking back control’ then I say bring on the clusterfuck and damn the consequences. 
“We’ve already told the experts where to go; there is no going back. Brexit means clusterfuck, and I demand to be clusterfucked immediately.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
10768,"Hans Rosling, Swedish Doctor and Pop-Star Statistician, Dies at 68 - The New York Times","Hans Rosling, a Swedish doctor who transformed himself into a   statistician by converting dry numbers into dynamic graphics that challenged preconceptions about global health and gloomy prospects for population growth, died on Tuesday in Uppsala, Sweden. He was 68. The cause was pancreatic cancer, according to Gapminder, a foundation he established to generate and disseminate demystified data using images. Even before “ ” entered the lexicon, Dr. Rosling was echoing former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan’s maxim that everyone is entitled to his own opinions but not to his own facts. “He challenged the whole world’s view of development with his amazing teaching skills,” Isabella Lovin, Sweden’s deputy prime minister, said in a statement. On Twitter, Bill Gates remembered Dr. Rosling as a “great friend, educator and true inspiration. ” A   “edutainer,” Dr. Rosling captivated vast audiences in TED Talks  —   beginning a decade ago in front of live audiences and later viewed online by millions  —   and on television documentaries like the BBC’s “The Joy of Stats” in 2010. Inviting animated visualizations and prosaic props (like apples and colorful Lego plastic blocks) defined him as a funky philosopher rather than a geeky professor. “I produce a road map for the modern world,” he told The Economist in 2010. “Where people want to drive is up to them. But I have the idea that if they have a proper road map and know what the global realities are, they’ll make better decisions. ” In Dr. Rosling’s version of those realities, the traditional divide between   and industrialized nations had become anachronistic, since so many countries were undergoing development, with some in Asia improving faster than some in Europe. He considered that five billion people continued to head toward healthier lives while one billion remained mired in poverty and disease that progress toward health and wealth had contributed to climate change and that the world was so poorly governed that possibilities to improve it abounded. “I’m not an optimist,” Dr. Rosling once said. “I’m a very serious possibilist. ” He predicted that the United Nations’ goal of eradicating extreme poverty by 2030 was attainable because the tools to do so had been identified and the share of people living in that condition had already declined by more than half in 25 years. He also argued vigorously that overpopulation would no longer be problematic as the world grew wealthier and fertility rates declined. “There are so many who think that death keeps control of population growth,” he said in an interview with The Guardian in 2013. “That’s just wrong!” He told The Economist: “The only way to reach sustainable population levels is to improve public health. Child survival is the new green. ” As a medical doctor, epidemiologist and academic, but with the flair of a seasoned performer (he once demonstrated his expertise as a sword swallower) he delivered counterintuitive factoids, accused advocates of tweaking statistics to advance their own causes, and debunked misapprehensions about the third world  —   although not every expert concurred. He pointed out that Sweden had more children per woman than Iran, that Shanghai was just as wealthy and healthy as the Netherlands, and that the world’s average life expectancy of 71 years was now closer to the highest (84 in Japan) than to the lowest (49 in Swaziland). “They just make it about us and them the West and the rest,” Dr. Rosling told the journal Nature in December. “How could anyone hope to solve problems if they didn’t understand the different challenges faced, for example, by Congolese subsistence farmers far from paved roads and Brazilian street vendors in urban favelas?” Hans Gosta Rosling was born in Uppsala on July 27, 1948. His father was a coffee roaster. He studied statistics and medicine at Uppsala University and public health at St. John’s Medical College in Bangalore, India, where he received his medical degree in 1976. In 1979, he and his wife, the former Agneta Thordeman, whom he met while she was studying to be a nurse, moved to Mozambique with their two young children. He was delivering on a pledge he had made years earlier to Eduardo Mondlane, the founder of the Mozambican Liberation Front, to help provide health services when the country became independent. Mr. Mondlane was killed in 1969, six years before independence was granted by Portugal. Dr. Rosling served as district medical officer in a northern province. He was the sole doctor for a population of 300, 000. His investigation of a paralytic disease called konzo in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which was determined to be caused by ingesting naturally occurring cyanide in cassava roots, earned him a doctorate from Uppsala University. In addition to his wife, a pediatrician and researcher, he is survived by two sons, Ola and Magnus a daughter, Anna and a brother, Mats. With his son Ola and his    Anna Rosling Ronnlund, Dr. Rosling established Gapminder in 2006 while he was a professor of global health at the Karolinska Institute, the medical university outside Stockholm. The foundation aims to chart trends and fight what it calls “devastating ignorance with   worldviews everyone can understand. ” It derived its name from the London Underground’s recorded warnings to passengers to “mind the gap” between a subway car and the platform. Gapminder’s data images are designed to evoke the divide between statistics and the misleading ways in which they are sometimes interpreted. “It’s like the emperor’s new clothes, and I’m the little child saying: ‘He’s nude! He’s nude! ’” Dr. Rosling told The Guardian. Brandishing his bubble chart graphics during TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) Talks, Dr. Rosling often capsulized the macroeconomics of energy and the environment in a favorite anecdote about the day a washing machine was delivered to his family’s   flat. “My mother explained the magic with this machine the very, very first day,” he recalled. “She said: ‘Now Hans, we have loaded the laundry. The machine will make the work. And now we can go to the library.’ Because this is the magic: You load the laundry, and what do you get out of the machine? You get books out of the machines, children’s books. And Mother got time to read to me. ” “Thank you, industrialization,” Dr. Rosling said. “Thank you, steel mill. And thank you, chemical processing industry that gave us time to read books. ”",0
10769,President Xi’s Great Chinese Soccer Dream - The New York Times,"QINGYUAN, China  —   The 48 soccer fields of the vast Evergrande Football School in south China seem barely enough for its 2, 800 students. Against a backdrop of school spires that seem modeled on Hogwarts, the young athletes swarm onto the fields nearly every day, kicking, dribbling and passing in the hope of soccer glory and riches. “Soccer will be my career after I grow up,” Wang Kai, a gangly    who has studied at the boarding school for over three years, said after a morning session under the supervision of a Spanish coach. “I want to be the Chinese Cristiano Ronaldo,” he said, referring to the Portuguese superstar. Grooming the next Ronaldo or Messi has become a national project in China, where the country’s No. 1 fan, President Xi Jinping, is bent on transforming the country into a great soccer power. It is a moonshot for China, whose teams have ranked poor to middling in recent international competition. But the effort has already unleashed a surge of spending and support for the game that has stunned fans and players around the world. In the last two weeks, the main Chinese league has plucked foreign stars from Europe and South America with contracts reported to be worth as much as $40 million a year, the highest pay for any soccer player in the world. A Chinese club offered the real Ronaldo $105 million a year, but he declined, his agent said last week. These giddying sums are shaking the landscape of pro soccer. Antonio Conte, the manager of England’s fabled Chelsea team, denounced the Chinese spending spree last month as a “danger for all teams in the world. ” The drive to match China’s economic ascent with success on the soccer field has become emblematic of Mr. Xi’s ambition to transform China into a great and confident power. “My biggest hope for Chinese soccer is that its teams become among the world’s best,” he announced in 2015. In the last two years, the government has poured the kind of concentrated effort into soccer that it has previously devoted to winning Olympic medals in individual sports like diving and gymnastics. It has promised to clean up and reorganize professional soccer and build a new generation of players by creating tens of thousands of soccer fields and adding soccer programs in tens of thousands of schools. The aim is to establish a flow of top players eventually capable of winning the coveted men’s World Cup and returning the women’s team to its former glory. That effort has emboldened Chinese clubs to spend lavishly. As well as paying tens of millions for foreign players, Chinese team owners have spent hundreds of millions of dollars buying into European clubs, hoping to tap their coaching and marketing expertise. “Current spending has created massive expectations,” said Simon Chadwick, a professor of sports enterprise at the University of Salford in Britain. “Spending big on players is also about acquiring heroes and icons. ” But if soccer distills Mr. Xi’s national ambitions, it also illustrates how his plans could falter, as they have in other arenas, in a muddle of rushed and distorted enforcement, especially at the local level. There has been resistance by parents, worried about their children taking precious time away from academics, as well as fear that splurging on foreign stars diverts money and attention from fostering homegrown talent. The pitfalls in fixing soccer, it turns out, are a bit like those in fixing the economy a desire for quick, flashy success is putting   goals at risk. People’s Daily, the main newspaper of the Communist Party, warned last month of a “bubble” of reckless spending in Chinese professional soccer that could burst and badly damage the sport. Too many investors had feverish expectations, while some clubs, officials and schools were only going through the motions of developing young players, the newspaper said. “One of the biggest problems is ” said Cameron Wilson, a Scottish resident of Shanghai who edits Wild East Football, a website that follows the sport in China. “There are these great plans and ideas. But when it gets down to the   level in the provinces, it’s like people doing their own thing. ” China’s passionate soccer fans would be thrilled to have competitive national teams instead of the lackluster ones they have now. The national men’s team recently placed 83rd in FIFA rankings, just ahead of the Faroe Islands, a remote outcrop of Denmark with fewer than 50, 000 inhabitants, and it is unlikely to win a spot in the 2018 World Cup. The women’s team  —   the pride of Chinese soccer in past decades  —   has stumbled. It was   for the Women’s World Cup in 1999 but slipped to 13th in the latest  rankings. “The national team is a joke,” said Xu Yun, 16, who had come to Workers’ Stadium in Beijing to watch his favorite Beijing team clobber a listless opponent from Henan Province. “I think it will need decades to get it right. It’s not just a question of spending money, it’s attitude. ” For years, the domestic professional game was riddled with corruption, brazen even by China’s   standards. Since   revelations grew into a national scandal in 2009, the worst cheating has been cleaned up. “It still exists,” Mr. Wilson said. “Just not so blatantly. ” For Xi, soccer has been a passion since childhood. His trips abroad have included photographs with David Beckham and other soccer celebrities. In Ireland in 2012, he famously had an enthusiastic but seemingly rusty go at kicking a ball. In September, he revisited his old school in Beijing, where he learned to kick and became a fan of the game, according to memoirs of his former teacher. “Look how healthy I am,” Mr. Xi told young soccer players at the school. “I laid the basis for that through sports when I was young. ” Private investors have piled into professional soccer, encouraged by Xi’s backing for the game and apparently eager to curry favor with his government. In the main pro trading season last year, the 16 Chinese Super League teams spent about $300 million hiring away promising foreign players, outstripping player spending by the English Premier League by nearly $120 million, according to FIFA TMS, a player transfer data company. Prices in 2017 are likely to go even higher. But Mr. Xi’s focus is on the long game and the next generation of players. His plan calls for 50, 000 schools to have a strong emphasis on soccer by 2025, a leap from 5, 000 in 2015. The number of soccer fields across the country will grow to over 70, 000 by the end of 2020, from under 11, 000. By then, the plan says, 50 million Chinese, including 30 million students, will regularly play soccer. “Now principals at every school are paying quite a bit more attention to soccer,” said Dai Wei, the athletic director at r. Xi’s old school, the Bayi School. “That was unthinkable before. ” Yet there is deep cultural resistance, even at Bayi. Some parents discourage their children from committing time to sports, Mr. Dai said, because they have so much homework and face stiff competition on academic exams. While China has excelled at individual sports that demand intense discipline from an early age, the country has not done as well at fostering group sports, where skills like teamwork and improvisation count as much as personal virtuosity. The privately run Evergrande school, the world’s biggest soccer boarding school, says its formula of intense training combined with a solid education could show the way for developing young players. “As more soccer schools are built, there’ll be more and more kids playing, and the stars will multiply, too,” said Liu Jiangnan, the principal of the school, which opened in 2012. “I’d guess that in seven or eight years, half the members of the Chinese national squad will come from this school. ” Drawn by such hopes, parents pay up to about $8, 700 a year to send children here, where 24 Spanish coaches oversee training. Students spend 90 minutes a day on drills and also play on weekends. Promising players get scholarships, and children from poorer families get discounts, school officials said. But even here, the children come to the game later than their European and South American counterparts, and they often lack solid grounding in teamwork and tactics, said Sergio Zarco Diaz, a Spanish coach. “The kids are getting better, year by year,” he said hopefully. But the Evergrande approach is too expensive to be widely copied. Some schools, facing a shortage of coaches and space for fields, have devised their own drills, like soccer gymnastics, in which children stand in lines tossing a ball up, down and around. It may impress visiting officials, but it is scant preparation for the free flow of the game, said Zhang Lu, a widely respected soccer commentator. “Chinese soccer has failed before through rushing for instant success,” Mr. Zhang said in an interview in Beijing, recalling previous failed efforts to build up the game in the 1980s and 1990s. “The problem is that everyone’s thinking is still deeply set in traditional ideas. Everyone thinks soccer is just about getting results, competition, training, creating stars. ” Mr. Zhang has instead been encouraging schools to focus on fun and broad participation. That approach gives more children a break from the monotony of the classroom and will eventually bring out more future champions than an elitist,   approach, he argues. Some schools are trying his way. On a recent afternoon, the smog that often covers Beijing lifted and the children of Caoqiao Elementary School rushed onto the fields, shouting and squealing with delight. “This morning soccer had been canceled because of the smog,” said the principal, Lin Yanling. “But at midday I notified the kids that it was back on, and they all went crazy with relief. ”",0
10770,Issues in Hillary Clinton’s Past Leave Her Muted in Furor Over Donald Trump - The New York Times,"In the past week, as a swirl of sexual assault accusations against Donald J. Trump has prompted a loud national discussion about male power and women’s rights, the first woman to be a major party’s presidential nominee was barely heard from. Though Hillary Clinton has stood at the center of feminist debates for more than two decades, she has at times been an imperfect messenger for the cause. That has never been more apparent than now, as her old missteps and her husband’s history have effectively paralyzed her during a moment of widespread outrage. The most impassioned speeches on the topic have come not from her, but from the first lady, Michelle Obama, who said Mr. Trump’s words had “shaken me to my core,” and from President Obama and others. When Mrs. Clinton herself spoke, she quickly changed the subject to other groups of people Mr. Trump had insulted, and she tried to lighten the mood with a joke about  watching cat videos. “It makes you want to turn off the news. It makes you want to unplug the internet or just look at cat GIFs,” Mrs. Clinton told donors in San Francisco on Thursday, making her first remarks on Mr. Trump’s treatment of women since several came forward to accuse him. “I’ve watched a lot of cats do a lot of weird and interesting things,” she said, drawing a few laughs. “But we have a job to do. And it’ll be good for people and for cats. ” The virtual silence from Mrs. Clinton speaks volumes about the complicated place she has occupied as a 1960s Wellesley feminist who stayed as a devoted wife to her husband through infidelities and humiliation. Forcefully denouncing sexual assault would most certainly provoke ugly attacks on Bill Clinton and Mrs. Clinton’s role in countering the women who accused him of sexual misconduct. That painful past haunted Mrs. Clinton last Sunday when Mr. Trump invited some of her husband’s accusers to the second presidential debate. In the days since, Mrs. Clinton has had to once again navigate the messy crosscurrents of politics, symbolism and her ambition to shatter “that highest, hardest glass ceiling” of being elected the first female president. Now, when the collective voice of American women and victims of sexual assault seems to be letting out a cathartic scream, Mrs. Clinton has deferred to another first lady to speak for her. At the San Francisco   on Thursday, she pointed to Mrs. Obama’s speech earlier that afternoon when the first lady placed her hand on her heart and spoke out for the many who were outraged. Speaking to college students in New Hampshire, Mrs. Obama called Mr. Trump’s lewd remarks about how he had forced himself on women “disgraceful” and “intolerable. ” “I can’t believe I’m saying that a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women,” Mrs. Obama said as a crowd of young women watched with silent and somber expressions. “I can’t stop thinking about this  —   it has shaken me to my core. ” Mrs. Clinton has every political reason to avoid wading into the discussion of sexual assault that has riled a nation and thrown her Republican rival’s candidacy into chaos. Not known as a naturally emotive public speaker, Mrs. Clinton risks stumbling if she embraces the issue at a time when polls show that she is in her strongest position yet to defeat Mr. Trump on Nov. 8. She has played it safe, all but disappearing from the campaign trail until the next debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday. But then again, two decades ago, it was Mrs. Clinton, who, as a    first lady in a powder pink suit, defied her husband’s West Wing advisers and captured the attention of women worldwide by declaring, “Human rights are women’s rights, and women’s rights are human rights once and for all. ” Last summer, Mrs. Clinton began her campaign by declaring that she wanted to create “an America where a father can tell his daughter: ‘Yes, you can be anything you want to be. Even president of the United States. ’” Since then, allegations of sexual harassment have led to the ouster of Roger Ailes as chairman of Fox News college campuses have been shaken by the   jail sentence given to Brock Turner, a former Stanford University student found guilty of sexual assault and women continue to come forward with allegations against Mr. Trump. At the same time, Mrs. Clinton, so close to becoming the first woman to win the White House amid national outrage over reports of her rival’s male lechery, has all but abandoned gender as an issue. On Thursday, Mrs. Clinton appeared to get choked up on the set of “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” when, during a taping, Ms. DeGeneres played a portion of Mrs. Obama’s speech. But Mrs. Clinton quickly composed herself and, in a remarkable   punt, pivoted to a laundry list of other constituencies whom she said Mr. Trump had offended. “It’s not just what Trump has said about women, as terrible as that has been,” Mrs. Clinton told Ms. DeGeneres. It’s “what he has said about immigrants and   and Latinos and people with disabilities and P. O. W.s and our military and Muslims and everybody. ” On Friday, without mentioning the accusations against Mr. Trump, Mrs. Clinton told volunteers in Seattle: “This election is incredibly painful. I take absolutely no satisfaction in what is happening on the other side with my opponent. ” Asked if Mrs. Clinton would be speaking more directly about the issue, Jennifer Palmieri, the campaign’s communications director, noted that Mrs. Clinton had confronted Mr. Trump at the last debate about the recently released 2005 video in which he bragged about groping women. “You should expect that she’ll continue to do that,” Ms. Palmieri said. Mrs. Clinton has battle wounds from wading into gender in the past. In 1992, she seemed an affront to    mothers when she defended her legal career, saying, “I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies. ” As a working mother in the White House, Mrs. Clinton redefined the role of first lady when she tried, and subsequently failed, to overhaul health care, but she also played the role of a traditional wife when she stayed with Mr. Clinton despite his affair with Monica Lewinsky. In hacked emails released by WikiLeaks this week, Mrs. Clinton was shown in an interview transcript pondering, at length, the many complexities of running to be the first female president. “When I ran the last time, the research was pretty clear that there was a resistance to a woman president, not just among Republicans and independents, but among Democrats,” she said in one of the thousands of emails obtained by hackers who illegally breached a top aide’s account. “They didn’t think a woman was qualified, could do the job, didn’t see a woman as commander in chief,” Mrs. Clinton continued. So, in 2008, she played up her fortitude and tried essentially to run as if she were a man. Eight years later, Mrs. Clinton talks regularly about being a mother and a grandmother, and she doesn’t shy away from embracing her potential to make history. She has also promised that as president she would advance policies that would help women, including doubling the child care tax credit, increasing the minimum wage and pushing for 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. And yet Mrs. Clinton has found in her second presidential campaign that young women aren’t particularly moved by her promise to make history. Many of them voted instead for Mrs. Clinton’s primary opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Thinking about her current campaign, Mrs. Clinton said in the transcript, “You know, I mean, I’m damned if I do, I’m damned if I don’t. ”",0
10771,BREAKING : AP (Finally) Calls Arizona For Trump! – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : AP (Finally) Calls Arizona For Trump! BREAKING : AP (Finally) Calls Arizona For Trump! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 11, 2016 
Arizona has finally been called for Donald Trump. 
It took two days to get all the votes counted. 
Arizona has 11 electoral votes. . @marthamaccallum : “The @AP just called #Arizona for @realDonaldTrump … the president-elect will receive the state’s 11 electoral votes.” pic.twitter.com/J7fGHmL515 
— Fox News (@FoxNews) November 11, 2016 Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
10772,Zuhdi Jasser: Apologists for Radical Islam ‘Coddle the Muslim Community’,"Dr. Zuhdi Jasser, founder and president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, joined SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about the aftermath of the London Bridge terror attack, and the future of Britain’s struggle against radical Islamic terrorism. [Kassam commiserated with Jasser about the difficulties of being a Muslim reformer in a media environment where stern criticism of Islam, even from Muslims, is treated like racism.  Jasser said apologists for Islam’s excesses were “basically doing takfir on national television,” using the Muslim term for disinformation. “My response is, I’m proud not to be part of their Islamist community, but these guys talk about Muslims like we’re a gang,” he said. “Like they own the gang, and we can’t participate, when in fact they want to shut down free speech, they want to deny that we’re a diverse community. ” “When people say ‘why do these radical attacks keep happening?’ it’s because the free world refuses to treat Muslims like adults,” said Jasser. “They want to coddle the Muslim community, use them for partisan purposes and identity politics, and ignore all of the signs and precursors of radicalization  —   which are, by the way, the signs are hallmarks of the principles of our free society. ”  “Equality of men and women, respect for free speech, a denial of conspiracy theories, ownership of who we are  —   all of these principles, which are basic principles of human rights, in order to coddle Muslims they allow the Islamic supremacists, the sharia supremacists to speak for our community,” he elaborated.  “Meanwhile, they are basically telling Muslims like myself who love America, who want to stand up for our country, ‘Oh, go sit at the back of the bus. You don’t deserve any recognition. We’re going to let the men with the long beards and the apologists basically speak for your community.’ It’s bigoted. It is them who are the bigots. We are being told we don’t love our faith, when in fact it’s the tough love of Muslims like myself that really, I believe, should be honored in a free society,” said Jasser. Kassam asked if the wave of terrorist attacks was a direct result of allowing Islamists and their apologists to “dominate the conversation” at the expense of reformists like Jasser, sometimes equating reformist criticism with apostasy. “It definitely is,” Jasser replied. “ISIS, the Islamic State, is not only ISIS. Every one of the Islamic states of the 56   countries that form the Organization of Islamic Cooperation is based on a sharia state platform. That sharia state basically says that you need to follow the laws as determined by the clerics who define what is and is not Islam, what is and is not permitted speech. If you don’t fit in that construct, then you are not a Muslim. Therefore, how do you control that state? You control it by limited free speech and rejecting those who fall outside the confines of their theocracy. ” “People need to understand, political Islam’s goal is not to dominate   countries, but to evangelize, spread their ideas globally and defeat secular states, defeat   states,” he warned. “They divide the world into the land of Islam and the land of War. ” “We in the West, by virtue of not evangelizing liberty, being offensive in pushing back  —   not only against terror, which is a symptom, but against the theocratic ideology of political Islam  —   are being sheepish. Appeasing, if you will. By not pushing for our ideas of universal human rights, we have been basically unarmed, and we’re starting to see a sonic boom of the lack of assimilation,” he said.  “Those within our society that are Islamists reject who we are. When Britain looks and says wow, there’s almost more jihadis from Britain going to Syria than there are Muslims loving Britain and serving in their own military  —   just look at the numbers. It should be 99 percent for one, serving in the British military, versus going to jihad. It is almost 50 to 50. That is why we’re losing this war,” said Jasser. Kassam asked how adherents of a Westernized Muslim could reconcile themselves to the portions of Koranic doctrine that conflict with Western ideals, such as freedom of speech. “That’s a great question, especially now in this month of Ramadan where we fast and reflect, and seek atonement and humility,” Jasser replied. “The Islam that I believe in and teach my kids is a personal faith. It’s not up to the government. It’s not up to the imam who is the teacher. I can talk to five, six imams and then make up my seventh decision, some different decision. ” “Remember, what people read as the Koran is interpretation. The only thing that is Koran is the Arabic. The battle over interpretation is, what are the original words in Arabic? How do we actually define them? Many of them are fake and intentionally misleading interpretations,” he argued.  “The others that are about wars and battles, we need to separate and say, ‘You know what? Maybe it made sense in 620, 625 C. E. but we need to circumscribe those and say we no longer apply to today.’ You have to separate the historical part of the passages from applies to today,” he advised. “Muslims have done that with the rejection of polygamy that’s permitted, with the rejection of the cutting of hands for stealing, things like that. There’s a way to separate those things, and other ways to reinterpret. ” As a much more delicate example, Jasser noted there is a passage in the Koran about the permissibility of beating women, but he suggested it could be reinterpreted in a modern context as “going on strike” (i. e. separating from her) instead of physically “striking” her. “There are modern ways to reinterpret the exact same words in a     more modern liberal way while staying true to the authenticity of the script,” he stressed, referring to two schools of Islam that reject modernization and insist on highly literal interpretations of the Koran. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern.",0
10773,Sociopathic Behavior And The Cure,"Leave a reply 
Diane Canfield – Since there is only love – there is a separation with some that have not been loved and do not know what love is. This behavior when to the extreme can play out as what is termed sociopathic behavior. What is really- lack of love and separation from Source. 
One of the attributes of a sociopath is to accuse others of what they themselves are doing. This accomplishes two things for them, it takes the attention off of them and puts the victim in a defensive mode. 
The victim then has to try to explain themselves when it is actually the sociopath that should be doing the explaining. This is a common mechanism that is used by someone with no conscious and no connection to Source. 
They also feel they are above everyone else and untouchable. They may also be charming and likable by many. Yet few know the hidden secrets they carry and the way they manipulate others. 
They do not operate on the same code of ethics that most of us do. They operate on service to self, while making it look like they are service to others. 
Empaths are especially vulnerable to this because we have a tendency to “care too much”. We are the ultimate nurturers and support for others. This is the opposite of a sociopath that looks to use others for their own gain. 
Energetically they feel chaotic and not peaceful. They may seem to always be on edge waiting for someone to find them out. 
We can see this in all walks of life, in business, family and all places where there are high profile people. 
The answer to this is to love ourselves enough to be able to spot this immediately when we see it. We can not “care enough” to fix this person. They have to at some point learn to love themselves enough to work on themselves and learn how to genuinely care for others without expecting anything in return. 
The answer in the higher states is to have healing centers where they are shown what love is and how to love others – just for the sake of love. SF Source How To Exit The Matrix  ",0
10774,Scientists Discover Exactly When a Woman's Sex Drive Declines,"You Are Here: Home » Health News » Scientists Discover Exactly When a Woman’s Sex Drive Declines Scientists Discover Exactly When a Woman’s Sex Drive Declines Prev post Next post Sex is quite important to most middle-aged women, a fact established by a new study in the journal Menopause , which found that 75% of 1,390 middle-aged women reported sexual functioning to be moderately to extremely important. Women experience a notable decline in sexual function and sex drive approximately 20 months before and one year after their last menstrual period, and that decrease continues, though at a somewhat slower rate, over the following five years, according to a study led by a researcher at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center . Of note, in the natural menopause group the researchers found that race/ethnicity played a major role in the decline of sexual function, with African-American women experiencing a significantly smaller sex drive decline and women of Japanese descent experiencing a much greater decline when compared with white women. Key Sex Drive Study Findings 
The study, published ahead of print in the online issue of Menopause: The Journal of the North American Menopause Society , also found that various factors that frequently co-occur with menopause have less direct influence on declining sex drive and sexual function than menopause itself. 
“Sexual functioning in women declines with age, and there has been much debate about how much this is due to menopause, aging or other physical, psychological or social factors,” said the study’s lead author, Nancy Avis, Ph.D., professor of public health sciences at Wake Forest School of Medicine, part of Wake Forest Baptist. “Our findings support that menopause has a negative effect on sexual functioning in many women.” 
Additionally, the study found that women who have a hysterectomy before the onset of menopause do not experience a marked decline in sexual function and sex drive immediately before undergoing the procedure but do so afterward, for as long as five years. 
Common issues known to accompany menopause, such as vaginal dryness, depression, and anxiety, didn’t explain the impact on sex drive, the researchers say. 
“Sexual functioning is an important component of women’s lives. More than 75 percent of the middle-aged women in the SWAN study reported that sex was moderately to extremely important to them when the study began,” Avis said. “It is important for women and their health care providers to understand all the factors that may impact women’s experience of sex in relation to both the natural menopausal transition and hysterectomy, and we hope our findings will contribute to better understanding in this area.” A 31 Year Old Was Sick Of Expensive Rent And High Costs. What He Did Took Guts… But Look Inside. 
Most grown children have heard this question from their parents at some point in their lives: “If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?” It’s a question that pushes us to think for ourselves. That question doesn’t inspire me, but this man in California does. Alek Lisefski is a web designer […] How Roundup Ready GMO Corn Is Made 
Have you ever wondered how GMO corn is made? Roundup Ready Corn is genetically engineered corn that has had its DNA modified to withstand the herbicide glyphosate (the active ingredient in Monsanto’s herbicide Roundup). It is also known as “glyphosate tolerant corn.” Roundup Ready corn was first deregulated in the U.S. in 1997 and first […] Dead Bee’s – Monsanto Genetically Engineered Seeds Killing Off Honeybees 
Back in the news.. It’s alarming…More honey bee’s are dying people… It’s Mosanto and the evil GMO crops to blame… Recent studies on epidemic death rates among honeybees are beginning to point fingers at genetically modified seeds produced by Monsanto. In 2012, an epidemic swept through commercial bee colonies killing up to 50% of the […] Where to buy NON-GMO certified foods 
Purchasing organic and certified organic products means your buying foods that cannot intentionally include any GMO ingredients. Buying organic is key and another great way is to look for retailers supporting the “Non-GMO Project” verified seals. Shopping at retailers supporting this project will help you avoid GMO ingredients. Organic food regulations prohibit certain (potentially deadly) and […] Psychic Attacks and Protecting Yourself 
by Mary Kurus – MKProjects.com Psychic attacks are defined as the manipulation of supernatural energies and forces. Psychic attacks occur when dark and negative energetic vibrations are sent from one individual to another individual or place creating disturbances in the energetic and physical bodies of the person or place. This negative energy can be called […] How To Cure A Sore Throat 
by Editor – Everyday Roots A sore throat can be a royal pain in the uh…throat. Like blinking, we never notice how much we swallow until we start paying attention to it, and when it hurts like nobody’s business, it’s kind of difficult not to pay attention. But before you go getting down about how long […] The Lead Vaccine Developer Comes Clean So She Can “Sleep At Night” 
Vaccine Developer Dr Diane Harper Comes Clean So She Can “Sleep At Night” Dr. Diane Harper was the lead researcher in the development of the human papilloma virus vaccines, Gardasil and Cervarix. She is the latest to come forward and question the safety and effectiveness of these vaccines. She made the surprising announcement at the 4th […] USDA Approves Toxic Meat Preservatives 
Three food preservatives that have previously been prohibited for use in meat and poultry we’re just approved to be used again effective May 6, 2013. The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (USDA’s FSIS) says it has determined that sodium benzoate, sodium propionate and benzoic acid are “safe and suitable for use […] 5 Reasons Why You Should Not Eat Bread 
by William Kennedy – gnet.org Bread is wrongly placed at the bottom of our food pyramid which gets passed around all our schools despite many respected health professionals claiming bread and other sources of grains are unnecessary and potentially harmful. Here are some alarming facts about bread. 1. Whole Grain Bread Can Spike Blood Sugar Levels […] Organic Food Industry Growing at Record Pace 
The organic food industry is experiencing record growth as 2015 was the largest annual dollar gain ever for the organic industry! 2015 was a year of significant growth for the organic food industry despite the continued struggle to meet the seemingly unquenchable consumer demand for organic. Consumers are not just eating organic, they are incorporating more […] Can Dogs Really Smell Cancer? 
Yes, dogs can smell cancer. They can even smell it “in situ”, or at stage zero. Let’s take a closer look at why dogs are even interested in smelling cancer in the first place. Why would a dog be interested in smelling cancer? There has to be something in it for them. Dogs have lived […] Toxic Fluoride Causes Disease 
Ethan Huff – Natural News A recent study conducted by researchers from the State University of New York (SUNY) found that fluoride ingestion may be responsible for causing premature births. Presented to the American Public Health Association at its annual meeting, these findings ratchet up yet another detrimental consequence of ingesting this toxic poison that […] Choosing to be compassionate 
Choosing to be compassionate is one of the most incredible things you can do… by Ben Kim – DrBenKim.com For most of the year 2000, I worked and lived at a fasting clinic in northern California where I spent time with many groups of eclectic guests from all over the world. I often tell my wife […] Fasting for three days can regenerate entire immune system, study finds 
by Sarah Knapton – The Telegraph Fasting for as little as three days can regenerate the entire immune system, even in the elderly, scientists have found in a breakthrough described as “remarkable”. Although fasting diets have been criticised by nutritionists for being unhealthy, new research suggests starving the body kick-starts stem cells into producing new white blood […] Join For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name ",0
10775,Drug Traffickers Increasingly Involved in Migrant Smuggling,"Organised crime is diversifying its activities as traditional drug smugglers are now expanding into the growing market of human trafficking, according to European Union police agency Europol. [Smuggling migrants across the Mediterranean is becoming big business as Italy saw its largest ever recorded number of migrants come into the country in 2016.  According to Michael Rauschenbach, Director of the department for combating organised crime at Europol, smugglers make more money trafficking migrants than smuggling drugs and controlling prostitution rings, Deutsche Welle reports.  “We have specific information that dangerous criminals draw more and more profit from human smuggling,” Mr. Rauschenbach said Wednesday. He said that people smuggling had become “a very lucrative business” as the money involved was higher and the risks lower for organised criminal gangs. The Europol department director noted the prices for smuggling migrants from North Africa, usually from Libya, to the coast of Italy had also gone up in recent years. One year ago, the cost for a migrant from a West African country to reach mainland Europe was between €3, 000 and €5, 000. Now, according to Rauschenbach, that amount may only cover one stage of the entire trip. In 2016, Europol was able to determine and identify some 15, 000 suspects who they believe are involved in the people trafficking trade. Some of the traffickers have been arrested in Italy, a number of them charged with some of the record numbers of drownings that have occurred over the past year on the Mediterranean. Some of the captured traffickers, many who originate from Africa, have given authorities and the public a glimpse into the horrific world of people smuggling. One man, in particular, became infamous in Italy after authorities discovered images on his mobile phone which depicted organ harvesting from migrants who could not pay their smuggling fees and even in some cases, cannibalism. The increased fees have put many of the migrants in a position of not being able to pay. For some who reach Libya it means returning back to West Africa, but for others, their fate can be much worse. Reports have shown that many children and women end up as sex slaves in Italy and as a result of the migrant crisis, thousands of prostitutes in the country have an African origin. Drugs dealing is another way for migrants to pay back their debt and has become common not only in Italy but also in countries like Austria where police note a large number of street dealers in the capital of Vienna have a West African background.",0
10776,Federal Judges Invite Muslims To Veto Americans’ Elections Over Campaign Statements - Breitbart,"Ten progressive judges in Virginia have decided that Muslims can ask judges to change the nation’s national security and immigration policies whenever prior campaign statements in democratic political elections can be described as unfair to Muslims living in America. [“To the extent that our review chills campaign promises to condemn and exclude entire religious groups, we think that a welcome restraint,” boasted the majority opinion, which was approved by 10 judges on the   Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, and announced May 25. President Donald Trump’s Executive Order on Islamic migration “speaks with vague words of national security, but in context drips with religious intolerance, animus, and discrimination” from the 2016 election campaign, the judges insisted.   However, a dissent approved by three judges highlighted the political ambitions and risks hiding behind the court’s declaration of support for the Islamic plaintiffs. “The danger of the majority’s new rule is that it will enable any court to justify its decision to strike down any executive action with which it disagrees,” says three   dissent, which concluded: Unless corrected by the Supreme Court, the majority’s new approach, which is unsupported by any Supreme Court case, will become a sword for plaintiffs to challenge facially neutral government actions, particularly those affecting regions dominated by a single religion. Government officials will avoid speaking about religion, even privately, lest a court discover statements that could be used to ascribe a religious motivation to their future actions. And, in the more immediate future, our courts will be faced with the unworkable task of determining when this President’s supposed religious motive [in the 2016 election] has sufficiently dissipated so as to allow executive action toward these or other majority Muslim countries. The lawsuit by was brought by Muslim plaintiffs, backed up by a huge array of establishment progressive corporate lawyers, against President Trump’s Executive Order, which merely temporarily blocked or curbed Muslim immigration from six of    countries around the world.  The temporary block is intended to help officials institute new safeguards against   attacks by the growing inflow of Muslim immigrants, refugees, and their future   children, into an increasingly diverse, chaotic and divided nation.  The judges’ deference to the Muslim plaintiffs comes after 16 years of deadly, repeated and destructive attacks on Americans motivated by the Islamic religion, starting on   2001. Since then, U. S. forces have gone to war in several   countries to curb terrorism, and more than 101 people named after Islam’s primary   have been arrested and convicted by domestic courts for various jihad and   offenses.  That bloody and violent record was important to voters in the 2016 election, where the subsequently elected president, Donald Trump, gained support by promising to reduce immigration of Muslims and to step up vetting of   Muslim immigrants.  Trump’s position was bolstered in June 2016 when the son of Muslim immigrants murdered 49 Americans at the Pulse nightclub in Florida.  However, progressive Democrats, establishment Republicans, and business leaders strongly favor a continued inflow of cheap workers, extra consumers and likely future Democratic voters, regardless of the economic and security impact on Americans.  In the dissent authored by Circuit Judge Paul Niemeyer, the three moderate judges scoffed at the 10 judges for ignoring prior Supreme Court guidance. The logic of the 10 judges’ decision, says the dissent, is that any future court:  need only find one [campaign] statement that contradicts the stated reasons for a subsequent executive action and thereby pronounce that reasons for the executive action are a pretext   …     Moreover, the unbounded nature of the majority’s new rule will leave the President and his Administration in a clearly untenable position for future action. It is undeniable that President Trump will need to engage in foreign policy regarding   nations, including those designated by the Order. And yet the majority now suggests that at least some of those future actions might also be subject to the same challenges upheld today. Presumably, the majority does not intend entirely to stop the President from creating policies that address these nations, but it gives the President no guidelines for “cleansing” himself of the “taint” they have purportedly identified  …     Finally, the new rule would by itself chill political speech directed at voters seeking to make their election decision. It is hard to imagine a greater or more direct chill on campaign speech than the knowledge that any statement made may be used later to support the inference of some nefarious intent when official actions are inevitably subjected to legal challenges. Indeed, the majority does not even deny that it employs an approach that will limit communication to voters. Instead, it simply opines remarkable that such chilling is “a welcome restraint. ”  The Supreme Court surely will shudder at the majority’s adoption of this new rule that has no limits or bounds  —   one that transforms the [ ] majority’s criticisms of a candidate’s various campaign statements into a constitutional violation  …     It engages in its own review of the national security justifications supporting the Order and concludes that protecting national security could not be the President’s “primary purpose. ” As evidence, the majority points to the President’s level of consultation with national security agencies before issuing the Order the content of internal Department of Homeland Security reports the comments of former national security officials made in an amicus brief and its own assessment of the national security threats described in the Order   …     The majority’s intense factual inquiry is particularly inappropriate where the government’s secular purpose is related to national security  —   a subject, as the majority recognizes, on which we owe the executive significant deference  …     Unless corrected by the Supreme Court, the majority’s new approach, which is unsupported by any Supreme Court case, will become a sword for plaintiffs to challenge facially neutral government actions, particularly those affecting regions dominated by a single religion. Government officials will avoid speaking about religion, even privately, lest a court discover statements that could be used to ascribe a religious motivation to their future actions. And, in the more immediate future, our courts will be faced with the unworkable task of determining when this President’s supposed religious motive has sufficiently dissipated so as to allow executive action toward these or other majority Muslim countries. The Establishment Clause demands none of these unfortunate and unprecedented results. Read the court decision here. ",0
10777,"Colson Whitehead on Slavery, Success and Writing the Novel That Really Scared Him - The New York Times","Colson Whitehead has long had a thing for the metaphoric possibilities of mechanized modes of transport, the more   the better. His first novel, “The Intuitionist,” was set in the world of    Manhattan elevator repair. His sophomore effort, “John Henry Days,” geeked out on the tunnels dug by that mythic   man. But in his new novel, Mr. Whitehead grabs onto the most richly metaphoric conveyance of all: the Underground Railroad. That book, called simply “The Underground Railroad,” follows a    slave named Cora as she escapes north via a literal network of underground tracks and trains. The novel had generated the biggest buzz of Mr. Whitehead’s career, even before Oprah Winfrey revealed on Tuesday that she had made it her latest book club pick. [ Michiko Kakutani’s review of “The Underground Railroad” ] Mr. Whitehead, 46, may be used to great reviews and enviable prizes, like the MacArthur Fellowship, the   genius grant, which he received in 2002. But a few days before Ms. Winfrey’s announcement, he seemed a bit dazed by his impending ride into a bigger spotlight. “I’m having a hard time wrapping my head around how people are responding to the book,” he said during an interview in his home office in Greenwich Village. “I’m someone who just likes being in my cave and thinking up weird stuff. ” “The Underground Railroad”  —   published by Doubleday, with a first print run of 200, 000 copies  —   is written in a more straightforwardly realist mode than many of Mr. Whitehead’s books, which have tended toward   premises, extended set pieces and jokey riffs. It begins with a harrowing depiction of life on a Georgia plantation around 1850, before taking off on a suspenseful journey through several different states with social systems that mash up racial terrors from decades far into the future. There is Whiteheadian weirdness  —   hints of strange eugenics experiments Friday night lynchings staged like vaudeville shows and a kitschy “living history” museum, where Cora   a sugarcoated version of plantation life  —   but it creeps in slowly, with a subtlety that may send some readers to Google to check their memories of high school history. “I went back and reread ‘100 Years of Solitude,’ and it made me think about what it would be like if I didn’t turn the dial up to 10, but kept the fantasy much more  ” he said. “I wanted it to be like the slave narratives I read, where you get a very    contemplation of all these weird and horrible things that keep happening. ” The idea for the book came to Mr. Whitehead around 2000, when he had just finished “John Henry Days. ” “I had the thought, ‘What if the Underground Railroad were a real train? ’” he said. “I sat on the couch, thinking about it, but it seemed like it would require a lot of real research, and I just wasn’t up to it. ” Instead, he wrote a string of very different books, including a nostalgic    novel (“Sag Harbor”) a   zombie thriller (“Zone One”) and a   account of competing in the World Series of poker (“The Noble Hustle”). In the poker book, Mr. Whitehead, who had recently gone through a divorce, styled himself as a hyperactively wisecracking depressive who had a good poker face because, as he put it in the first line, “I am half dead inside. ” In person, he comes off as friendly but guarded, and wary of the expectations put on an   writer who publishes a big book about race and freedom in the era of Black Lives Matter. He mentioned a bookstore owner from the South who invited him to come down for “a frank talk about race. ” “I’m honored by the response to the novel, but I was like, ‘Can we just talk about the book? ’” he said. “I’m not a representative of blackness, and I’m not a healer. ” Still, he describes “The Underground Railroad,” which he began in earnest in the spring of 2014, as responding to a kind of inner pull. He was about to start another book with another “existential black dude narrator,” as he put it, but the Underground Railroad idea kept coming to mind. “I thought, why not write the book that really scares you?” he said. Mr. Whitehead dived into the subject, reading classic   slave narratives like Harriet Jacobs’s “Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl” and oral histories of former slaves gathered by the Works Progress Administration  in the 1930s. Above his desk, next to an   menu board with   letters reading “Next  —   The Underground Railroad,” is a   library with scholarly works by Eric Foner and Edward Baptist, Toni Morrison’s “Beloved,” a historical dictionary of   slang and Michelle Alexander’s “The New Jim Crow. ” After he’d written 100 or so pages of the novel, he let himself watch the movie “12 Years a Slave,” but turned it off in the middle. “Seeing the movie really devastated me,” he said. “I could read about slave atrocities for days and days, but watching actors go through it was almost too much. I felt really messed up about what I was writing. ” Where books like “John Henry Days,” which centers on a cheesy festival celebrating a new John Henry postage stamp, have looked at the past through a distancing ironic lens, “The Underground Railroad” goes right into the heart of the   historical experience. “Reading the book, I thought, he’s written his ‘Beloved,” said the poet and critic Kevin Young, who has been close with Mr. Whitehead since their undergraduate days at Harvard. “He really conjures up the ghost of slavery and embodies it in a way that is deeply historically accurate. But the book also has these amazing leaps of imagination that help us think about slavery not just in the past, but in the present. ” Mr. Whitehead, who is married to Julie Barer, a literary agent, grew up in Manhattan, where his parents ran an executive recruiting firm. He went to mostly white private schools, but spent summers in an   beach enclave in Sag Harbor, N. Y. (the inspiration for the novel) where his maternal grandfather, who owned a chain of funeral homes in New Jersey, built a house from materials he hauled out each weekend in his car. Mr. Whitehead said he knew little about his own ancestors’ experiences in slavery. His mother’s family, he said, had included free black tavern owners in Virginia. His father’s family was in Florida by the early 20th century, but how it got there was largely lost “in the mists of time. ” Having children of his own  —   his daughter is 11, his son almost 3  —   made slavery more viscerally, and sometimes terrifyingly, real. “Thinking about the loss of a child, about how my own children would feel if they saw me beaten to death in front of them, made writing this book very different than it would have been if I had tried it when I was 30,” he said. Mr. Whitehead has generally not been one for   celebration of   heroes. He and a friend once played around with a satirical website called Nat Turner Overdrive. The day after Barack Obama’s election in 2008, he published a riff of an   in The New York Times hailing it as a historic victory for “Skinny Black Guys” like Sammy Davis Jr. Michael Jackson and himself. In “The Underground Railroad,” he talks about racial progress, and its limits, in a more direct, even prophetic way. Near the end, a character is seen heading for St. Louis  —   or, perhaps, Ferguson, Mo.   readers might find themselves thinking. Mr. Whitehead said he saw his closing pages as optimistic, but also realistic. “I find the last pages very hopeful,” he said. “But still, wherever we go, we’re still in America, which is an imperfect place. That’s the reality of things. ”",0
10778,TV’s Chris Hansen ‘Could Not Believe’ His Eyes When He Busted Latest Alleged Predator on Camera,"Share on Twitter 
Chris Hansen has made a career of entrapping alleged child predators online and then busting them on camera when they arrive at a home where they think a young child is waiting. 
But in the latest episode of Hanson’s show “ Crime Watch Daily ,” the host claims he got an unexpected shock when he learned the identity of the latest alleged predator. 
“I honestly did not realize it until I walked out. And then I suddenly recognized him because we used to commute into the city every day together from Connecticut,” Hansen told The Daily Mail . 
The man is accused of traveling to a home where he believed he would be meeting a 13-year-old boy. When the alleged predator saw Hansen, he blurted out, “Oh s**t. No, Chris!” Image Credit: “Crime Watch Daily”/Daily Mail 
“What are you doing here?” Hansen asked. 
The man then made a run for it. He was later allegedly found with gay porn and condoms in his car. When he was questioned by police, he claimed he thought the boy was 18, not 13, citing his bad eye sight. He argued he would never meet a 13-year-old boy, calling it “disgusting.” Image Credit: “Crime Watch Daily”/Daily Mail 
“I could not believe it,” Hansen told The Daily Mail , grappling with the fact that she shared a train and even carried on conversations with the alleged predator. 
The man later confirmed Hansen’s story and suggested they were “friends.” 
The new episode of “ Crime Watch Daily ” will air on Friday.",0
10779,"Report: Eating Raw Weed Prevents Bowel Cancer, Fibromyalgia and Neuro-degenerative Diseases","Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/report-eating-raw-weed-prevents-bowel.html Cannabis is taken in different forms all over the world, while being primarily smoked, being eaten raw has been proven to provide incredible heath benefits, whilst also being non-psychoactive, therefore more appealing to a wider of range of people. Marijuana can be described as of of the new range of superfoods, it contains over 400 chemical compounds containing beneficial vitamins, essential oils, and acids. Experts such as Dr. William Courtney have come to call weed a 'dietary essential' Marijuana contains extremely high concentrations of cannabinoid acids which it has been discovered are essential for cell function. Cannabinoid Acids The two main cannabinoid acids that have been studies so far are THCa and CBDa. If these acids are heated, through smoking, vaping, or cooking cannabis then they begin to break down into different chemicals, they become degraded into psychoactive THC and cannabinoid CBD . This process is called decarboxylation, or “decarbing.” and it describes breaking down the acids into the form in which they become active. While active THC and CBD have their own health benefits, a downside is that the human body can only cope with a certain amount of these activated cannabinoids. Dr. Courtney explains : “We have a series of cannabis strains called ACDC. ‘AC’ stands for alternative cannabinoid, which is the CBD acid molecule, which has come into focus lately as being very important as an anti-inflammatory. “And ‘DC’ stands for dietary cannabis. […] If you do heat it, then your dose is around 10mg. And if you don’t heat it, if it’s raw, then your dose is around one to 1-2,000mg.” When eaten raw, the body is able to process much larger amounts of THCa and CBDa, and it can then convert these acids into essential nutrients through its metabolism. Cannabinoid acids have been linked to the prevention of chronic diseases. Endocannabinoid deficiencies thought to be linked to illnesses such as: Migraine Glaucoma Fibromyalgia Dr. Courtney has suggested that large doses of raw CBDa and THCa are much more effective in their raw form to the effect of: Anti-inflammatory properties Anti-ischemic properties (restricted blood flow in the body) Amino Acids Cannabis contains a large amount of essential amino acids, like other essential fatty acids our bodies don't produce essential amino acids of their own accord, so we need to introduce them through our diet. Amino acids are essential in that they help cells to function properly, to repair damaged tissue, to maintain structure and to transport nutrients around the body. Marijuana as a Nutritional Powerhouse Antioxidant In 2003, CBD was patented by the US. government after discovering the cannabinoid had amazing antioxidant and neuroprotective properties. These antioxidants are beneficial in preventing cell damage, thus reducing illness and disease. In the research leading up to the patent, the found that CBD was a more powerful antioxidant than both vitamins C and E. As you can take in large quantities of CBD via raw cannabis, you can introduce a vast amount of antioxidants to your body very easily. Dr. Courntney has suggested consuming raw via juicing or blending, making a marijuana smoothing with other vegetables such as parsley or cilantro. Here are some other recipes to try if you want to enjoy the benefits of raw cannabis: Reference: http://organicandhealthy.org Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
10780,Nestle to launch new non-GMO products ... How shocked will Monsanto be?,"Nestle to launch new non-GMO products ... How shocked will Monsanto be? 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: Vicki Batts Tags: GMOs , Nestle , Monsanto (NaturalNews) One of the food industry's most prominent players recently announced that they will be expanding their line of non-GMO products, due to the ever-increasing customer demand for clean food. Nestle may have wowed consumers with their choice, but it may make some waves with their good friend, Monsanto .""The company is broadening its product offerings to give consumers more options with no GMO ingredients and identifying these products with the SGS-verified 'no GMO ingredients' claim,"" the food giant stated on Tuesday.""Nestle USA understands that consumers are seeking choice and many prefer to select products with no GMO ingredients,"" they declared.Of course, this is not Nestle's first move towards GMO-free products. In April, Nestle announced that they would be removing GMO ingredients from six of their top-selling ice cream products, as well. The company states it is trying to evolve along with consumer demands. It is great to see that companies are beginning to realize that consumers want options; no one wants to be forced to buy GMO products.It is easy to want to applaud Nestle for their decision to continue to expand their line of non-GMO products. However, it is also clear that this company is doing so out of their own financial interests – not because they care about what people are eating. Organic, GMO-free foods are the newest trend, and smart manufacturers are beginning to see that they will not win anyone over by insisting that GM, pesticide-laden food products are safe. ""If you can't beat 'em, join 'em,"" is a philosophy Nestle has clearly taken to heart.Nestle is not an angelic company, even if they have decided to start serving up ""GMO-free"" options. Just three years ago, they donated millions of dollars to prevent and oppose GMO labeling in Washington state, along with Monsanto and other biotech firms. Truth Out reports that on October 18, 2013, the Grocery Manufacturers of America disclosed that several of their largest, most powerful players silently donated large sums of money to oppose Initiative 522. This bill would have required grocery items containing GMO ingredients to be labeled as such. The group chose to voluntarily release the names of the silent donors, after Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson filed a lawsuit against their concealment of corporate donors.Nestle was among the top three highest contributors, and donated a cool $1.5 million to keep GMO ingredients under wraps and off product labels. Nestle also made a large donation to oppose similar legislation in California the year before, in 2012. The bill ultimately failed, after Big Food and Big Biotech joined forces and together raised a staggering $46 million to prevent its passing. And we're supposed to believe they care?The controversial history of Nestle doesn't end with their consistent financial support of GMO labeling opposition efforts. It is a corporation that is wrought with wrongdoings and corrupt practices. Look no further than their outright theft of water in California.Given that the coastal state is currently being plagued by a devastating drought, you might be shocked to learn that just last year Nestle pumped a disturbing 36 million gallons of water out of one of the state's water sources, known as Strawberry Creek. Peter Gleick, president of the Pacific Institute and author of Bottled and Sold: The Story Behind Our Obsession with Bottled Water , estimates that Nestle is making millions of dollars in this way.""They're converting a public resource into private profit,"" he told Los Angeles Magazine .The most shocking thing is that their permit to pump water from the creek expired in 1988. The forest service has allowed Nestle to gouge the creek for water at will, so long as they continue to pay a minuscule access fee. While bottled water accounts for only a small fraction of California's water use, the overall environmental impact of what their practices are doing to a drought-stricken state have yet to be examined.Nestle has been subject to countless other controversies, including human rights violations, and has been host to many environmental and product safety issues.To put it simply: Nestle may be trying to win over customers with their non-GMO products, but they don't deserve to. Monsanto may be shocked, but only because Nestle is still one of their own. Sources:",0
10781,Warren Buffett Is Latest Billionaire to Excoriate Donald Trump - The New York Times,"OMAHA  —   The investor and philanthropist Warren Buffett unleashed a withering attack on Donald J. Trump on Monday for refusing to release his tax returns, asserting he had something to hide, and for misleading voters about his success as a businessman and ability to improve the American economy. Mr. Buffett, known to investors as the Sage of Omaha, said a monkey throwing darts at the stock pages in 1995, when Mr. Trump first offered stock in his Atlantic City hotels, would have come out far ahead of anyone who listened to Mr. Trump’s “siren song” and invested in his company that lost money year over year. The attack from perhaps the nation’s most revered investor undercut a core argument of Mr. Trump’s presidential candidacy: that his success as a businessman qualified him to run the country despite his lack of political experience. Mr. Buffett appeared at a rally with Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, in his hometown, Omaha. Taking on Mr. Trump, he pledged to personally transport 10 Nebraskans to the polls on Election Day on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and urged others to do the same. His appearance made him the latest billionaire to come out strongly against Mr. Trump’s candidacy  —   after speeches by Michael R. Bloomberg at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia and by Mark Cuban over the weekend  —   as Mrs. Clinton enlists their support to question Mr. Trump’s business acumen. Mrs. Clinton was campaigning in Nebraska  —   a traditionally Republican state  —   as she sought to seize on momentum from the Democratic convention last week. On Monday, a CBS News poll, the first major national telephone survey after her nomination, showed her enjoying a bump since Republicans nominated Mr. Trump. They were tied at 42 percent after the Republican National Convention, but she now leads him, 46 percent to 39 percent. By campaigning in Nebraska, Mrs. Clinton was trying to pick up support in one of just two states that allocate electoral votes by congressional district. In 2008, Barack Obama won a single electoral vote in the state’s Second District against Senator John McCain, though he lost it in 2012 in his more closely fought   race against Mitt Romney. In his address introducing Mrs. Clinton to the crowd, Mr. Buffett pointed out what most in the audience at a high school gym knew: that their votes could be disproportionately influential because of the state’s peculiar Electoral College system. “We live in a very special place,” Mr. Buffett said. Noting that Jonathan Karl of ABC News predicted on Sunday that the Electoral College could come down to a    tie, Mr. Buffett said, “I am looking at the people that can change that 269 to 270. ” Mr. Buffett harshly criticized Mr. Trump for claiming that he had made “sacrifices” by building buildings and working hard, an argument he made after Khizr Khan, the Muslim father of an Army captain killed in Iraq, said during a speech at the Democratic convention, that Mr. Trump had “sacrificed nothing” for the country. Mr. Buffett said he, like Mr. Trump, had made a lot of money. “I have not sacrificed,” he told the rally. “How in the world can you stand up to a couple of parents who lost a son and talk about sacrificing because you were building a bunch of buildings?” Mr. Buffett quoted a famous rejoinder to Senator Joseph McCarthy during his 1950s   hearings: “Have you no sense of decency, sir?” Mr. Trump was campaigning on Monday in Ohio and Pennsylvania, two swing states that Mrs. Clinton visited over the weekend and where Mr. Trump is pushing his   message hard. Although Mr. Romney won all but one of Nebraska’s 93 counties four years ago, the Clinton campaign sees opportunity this election cycle. The Second District sent a Democrat, Representative Brad Ashford, to Congress in 2014, and he was one of the rare members of his party to unseat an incumbent during a Republican wave. Maine is the only other state to split its electoral votes. In a reverse image of Nebraska, Mr. Trump’s campaign hopes to pick up a vote in more conservative, rural northern Maine. The Clinton campaign hired a Nebraska state director about a month ago, when it also started spending precious resources on TV ads in the state. “There’s serious dollars and I would say serious politicos who have been hired,” said Jane Kleeb, the incoming chairwoman of the Nebraska Democratic Party. At the Philadelphia convention, Ms. Kleeb helped mollify and motivate delegates supporting Senator Bernie Sanders, who carried the Nebraska caucuses during the primary race. More than 1, 000 people snaked back and forth in a parking lot to hear Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Buffett. Among those awaiting the speakers was Jim Magill, a retired chief master sergeant in the Air Force. A Republican, he said he supported Mrs. Clinton and did not believe Mr. Trump’s promises to veterans. He was appalled, he said, about the Republican nominee’s criticism of the Khans. “It was deplorable somebody would say anything like that about a veteran who died for his country to his parents,” Mr. Magill said. “He should have been slapped. ”",0
10782,Irony Redefined: “Human Rights Champion” Suu Kyi Jails Dissidents,"By Tony Cartalucci 
Myanmar’s defacto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi of the National League for Democracy (NDL) political party, has paved her time since coming to power earlier this year with both irony and hypocrisy. She has not only illegally declared herself “leader” of the Southeast Asian state in contravention of its constitution, she has also embarked on an iron-fisted purge of her political opponents identical to the one she fought against as she struggled to seize power to begin with. 
During elections earlier this year, Myanmar’s constitution prevented Suu Kyi from holding the nation’s highest office due to her inordinate amount of time overseas, her status of having been married to a foreign, and her children’s dual citizenship. Instead of adhering to the law, her party once in power, simply contrived an entirely new post for her, State Counsellor of Myanmar, which makes her the “defacto leader” of Myanmar. 
Canada’s The Globe and Mail in an article titled, “Stéphane Dion says Aung San Suu Kyi is the ‘de facto’ leader of Myanmar,” would note that Canada’s government recognized this legal side-stepping, stating: 
Dion called Suu Kyi, now Myanmar’s foreign minister, “the de facto national leader” of her country “because they have a strange rule that if you have married somebody who’s not of the country, you cannot be the leader of the government and of the state.” 
Suu Kyi, the internationally recognized democracy advocate, is barred from becoming president because her late husband was British, as are her two sons. The rule was crafted during Myanmar’s decades of military rule, which Suu Kyi fought against during years of house arrest before finally prevailing last fall. 
In essence, she is unelected, and illegally holding power. For a woman who’s Western backers – particularly in the United States and United Kingdom – have held her up as a champion for democracy and the rule of law, she and her party’s first act upon taking power was trampling both. The Inhumane Humanitarian 
Another myth built up around Nobel Peace Prize laureate Suu Kyi by the West has been her advocacy for “human rights.” Her advocacy for human rights, however, appears only to extend out to protect only as far as her immediate political allies are concerned. For groups beyond this self-serving political protection, and particularly regarding her political opponents, she and her NDL are just as eager to jail, crush, or kill political opponents as they claimed the ruling military government had been. 
In addition to escalating violence targeting the nation’s Rohingya’s population, several activists online have been sent to jail for “insulting” the ruling government and Western-backed media fronts and organizations. 
Myanmar’s Eleven Media Group (EMG) in its article, “Facebook offender brought to court for insulting Suu Kyi,” attempted to distance what Suu Kyi and her political supporters had once called draconian censorship as now, a simple matter of enforcing the law. It would state: 
A Facebook user named Zaw Zaw (aka Nga Pha) was brought to the North Dagon Township court on October 24 to face prosecution for his defamatory posts about State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. 
He has been charged under Section 66(d) of the Telecommunications Law. 
“He’s being sued for defamatory writing and photos about the State Counsellor [posted on Facebook],” said plaintiff Nay Myo Kyaw, a 34-year-old resident of North Okkalapa Township. 
Around 50 people showed up at the hearing wearing shirts affiliated with a group called the Network of Supporters of the Rule of Law. They shouted: “You deserved it for insulting a good person.” 
The article also admits: 
The Myawady Township Court sentenced Aung Win Hlaing (aka A Nyar Thar), the first man to be prosecuted under the current government, for defamatory posts on Facebook about President Htin Kyaw, to nine months in jail after he was convicted under Section 66(d) of the Telecommunications Law. 
Aung Myint Tun (aka Ko Pho Htaung), a member of the National League for Democracy, is still facing legal action under the same law for the wording of a resignation letter. 
Another man named Yar Pyay was arrested and is being prosecuted for creating a fake Facebook account under the name of Nay Myo Wai, the chairman of Peace and Diversity Party. 
Hla Phone was also arrested and is being prosecuted for defamatory posts on Facebook about the Commander-in-Chief. 
EMG – ironically awarded for its work in opposing the previous military-led government by Reporters without Borders – would also admit that it itself had taken advantage of Myanmar’s laws to silence its own critics, claiming: 
Eleven Media Group (EMG) also filed complaints about repeated defamatory posts on Facebook against the group. Though EMG lodged complaints against film director Mike Tee, who is the owner of a Facebook account named Than Tun Zaw, and another Facebook user named Myat Maw for offensive posts about the group and its staff, the legal process has yet to begin. EMG lodged the complaints on January 27 and March 31 this year. 
One would expect such a tidal wave of abuse – as defined by the West in regards to media, governance, and censorship around the world – to be met with sweeping condemnation from the West’s various human rights advocacy organizations including Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and a no doubt embarrassed Reporters Without Borders – yet the silence is as deafening as it is telling. Taking Over Where Accused Dictators Left Off 
The West’s champions of democracy, rule of law, and human rights in Myanmar appears to have simply taken over right where Suu Kyi and her NDL party had claimed the military-led government left off. And despite the overt nature of Suu Kyi’s breaches of Western standards of “democracy” and “human rights,” the US is on track to lift all sanctions from Myanmar as Suu Kyi and her government open the nation, its people, and its resources to exploitation by Western corporations. 
The overt nature of both the West’s and Suu Kyi’s hypocrisy illustrates that “democracy,” “rule of law,” and “human rights” are merely facades behind which the West and its proxies wield their power – hiding behind such principles rather than truly upholding them. And in reality, such behavior undermines these principles more than any overt abuse by an openly tyrannical regime ever could – because genuine advocates thus become associated with hypocrites like the Western governments supporting the current regime in Myanmar, their faux-nongovernmental organizations aiding and abetting the regime, and proxies like Suu Kyi and her NDL themselves. 
International audiences must keep this example of hypocrisy in mind as the West attempts to overturn other governments in Southeast Asia and beyond under similar pretexts and using similar rhetoric – supporting supposed “pro-democracy” and “pro-human rights” advocates who have every intention of trampling both upon seizing power. 
Tony Cartalucci, Bangkok-based geopolitical researcher and writer, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook” .",0
10783,Photos: Top Moments from Donald Trump’s Inauguration - Breitbart,Donald Trump’s inauguration proceedings this Friday officially confirmed his new job as 45th President of the United States. [Here are some of the best images captured during the ceremony and its aftermath.     ,0
10785,“Rigged To Deny Trump”: Looks Like Elite Trying to Steal These States to Block Electoral Path to 270,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » “Rigged To Deny Trump”: Looks Like Elite Trying to Steal These States to Block Electoral Path to 270 
There are several states that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency. 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : Will the 2016 election be rigged? 
That depends on what the definition of “is” is – and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting “errors” and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups. 
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few. 
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn’t the popular vote that counts – but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college… and that is a game that Hillary’s operatives are very good at playing. Daily News Brief: The 2016 Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 
There are several states – in particular – that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency. Texas Could Turn “Blue” For the First Time In 20 Years 
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly “red” as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different. 
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics – with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump’s immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck… it could go either way. 
Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances. 
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas… and that doesn’t bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign: 
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. 
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting. 
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas’ elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever: 
This is major issue, and Texas isn’t the only state… just the biggest. 
2. Utah’s Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes… and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly “red.” However, this election is totally different. 
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% – possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump. 
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit – in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election. 
McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation – backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he’s also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan. 
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won’t win Utah, but Trump may not either – and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes. 
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump… But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy… Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency. 
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper – but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations. 
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome – in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting). 
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage. 
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again. 
Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin. 
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues – With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging “blue” but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado’s Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls: 
“This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,” Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. “Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.” 
[…] 
“This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,” Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. “Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.” 
It’s not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect. 
5. Hillary Is “Leading” In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona. 
According to the Washington Post : 
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states — New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida — barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts – not with the people, but with the electoral college. 
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen. 
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn’t 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media – in concert – are trying to debunk Trump’s claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues. 
This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide. 
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected – because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost. This entry was posted in World News and tagged Donald Trump , Mac Slavo , Rigged Election , SHTFPlan , Voter Fraud , Wikileaks . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
10786,Central Banks Worry About Engaging World Markets After ‘Brexit’ - The New York Times,"As global markets reel after an   vote by Britain to sever ties with Europe, investors are again expecting central banks to ride to the rescue. And that may be the problem. Or so believe a number of investors and economists who worry that another round of central bank intervention in the markets will compound the sense of alienation, frustration and anger at global elites that encouraged a majority of Britons to opt for leaving the European Union. Traditionally, market participants have tended to cheer central bank activism. In times of financial panic, wholesale bond buying, negative interest rates and disbursing cash directly to consumers (the     weapon in the central banker’s armory) have been seen as easy policy substitutes for governments unwilling or incapable of taking action themselves. But, as the world’s leading central bankers finished a weekend of brainstorming in Basel, Switzerland, as to what their next move might be, some feared that this time around they might do more harm than good. “People say that central bankers have not done enough, but they have done too much already,” said Stephen Jen, a former official at the International Monetary Fund who now manages a hedge fund in London. Global central bankers had already planned to convene at the annual meeting of the Bank for International Settlements, a clearinghouse and research shop that provides a private forum for central bankers to gather and exchange views. But the British referendum results and the sharp fall in the markets that followed brought an extra urgency to the   meeting. On Saturday, Agustín Carstens, the head of Mexico’s central bank and chairman of the bank’s policy group that monitors the global financial system, said that committee members had “endorsed the contingency measures put in place by the Bank of England and emphasized the preparedness of central banks to support the proper functioning of financial markets. ” Adding to global political tensions were parliamentary elections on Sunday in Spain, where the     party Podemos was expected to continue its recent run of electoral success. While the   in stocks on Friday was very sharp, market participants said over the weekend that they were heartened that major market makers were able to absorb the selling fairly well. Playing a central role were   funds, which at one point on Friday accounted for close to 50 percent of overall trading volume in stocks. That is an extraordinary statistic, given that the funds were largely unknown a decade ago as an investment option for investors. The ability for investors to quickly and successfully buy and sell stocks and bonds, the crucial advantage that   funds have over mutual funds, is seen by regulators as critical in times of acute financial stress. Part of the conundrum for central bankers is that the recent   is not the result of an event like Lehman Brothers going bankrupt in September 2008, which provided authorities with an unassailable excuse to intervene. Lehman’s failure caused markets to seize up and financial institutions to stop dealing with each other. But when the crises that rock global finance are social and political, it becomes more awkward for central bankers to defend any form of extraordinary intervention. And that is what worries analysts, who for some time now have been concerned that interventions by central banks were distorting markets by making them less liquid and creating anomalies such as what currently exists in Japan. There, the nation’s central bank owns 34 percent of the country’s government bonds and is one of the top 10 shareholders in 90 percent of the companies listed on the stock exchange, according to data from Bloomberg. “Central banks have done everything to   markets,” said Julian Brigden of Macro Intelligence 2 Partners, an independent research company based in Vail, Colo. that advises large money management firms on global investment themes. “What makes you think they won’t want to do more?” Mr. Jen, the hedge fund manager, scoffed at the notion that the extraordinary central bank interventions of recent years were designed to stamp out deflationary threats and spark an increase in prices and economic activity in stagnant economies in Europe and Japan. “We have plenty of inflation, it’s just asset price inflation,” he argued, referring to elevated equity, bond and housing markets that have been one consequence of these policies. “People can’t live in cities anymore, and they are grumpy about their jobs. ” In Britain, this dynamic has been particularly acute. Thanks to aggressive central bank policies, house prices in London are among the most expensive in the world, yet the   weekly average wage of 470 pounds, or about $632, is still £20 lower than it was before the financial crisis, according to the Resolution Foundation, a British research organization. Interestingly, one of the most vocal critics of central bank overreach has been the Bank for International Settlements itself. For years now, two senior economists at its research arm, Claudio Borio and Hyun Song Shin, have been arguing via speeches and papers that artificially low interest rates have created pernicious asset bubbles in equity and housing markets in the developed world and debt frenzies in emerging markets like China and Brazil. These views were highlighted again on Sunday in Basel with the presentation of the bank’s annual report. In a speech, Jaime Caruana, the bank’s managing director, said that extremely low interest rates were a threat to global financial stability as they “depress risk premia and stretch asset valuations. ” The result, Mr. Caruana contended, was the threat of a “loss of confidence in policy making” and “unrealistic expectations about growth and the ability of present policies to lift global growth. ” While couched in platitudes, Mr. Caruana’s message was clear enough. Persistent central bank interventions have not only created dangerous distortions, they have added to a sense of worldwide cynicism that these measures have not accomplished their central aims: lifting economic growth and increasing wages. It is worth noting that Mr. Caruana is familiar with asset bubbles: He was the head of Spain’s central bank a decade ago when reckless lending among the country’s financial institutions resulted in a boom and eventual bust of Spanish property prices. But, Mr. Brigden said, central bankers will have a harder time justifying an intervention when the markets are going haywire because of an election upset somewhere. Of course, bashing central bankers is always a popular and easy pastime for politicians, economists and investors alike. It is also true that central bankers in Britain, Europe, Japan and the United States have consistently said that their actions have been forced by the unwillingness of politicians and governments to act themselves. “Monetary policy cannot do it alone,” said Daniel C. Dektar, a bond investor at Amundi Smith Breeden, a global asset manager. “People have been left behind, which is creating   sentiment in just about every democracy in the world. You would think that at some point governments would get the message. ”",0
10787,From Moguls to Mortals - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Some    Hollywood moguls handle the transition from general to civilian with grace. But they can also be one of moviedom’s saddest sights. Some are very obviously at loose ends, no matter what kind of face they put on. Others seem terrified about a table downgrade at Mr. Chow. And some are just utterly out of touch, as when one former media titan, struggling to adjust to life without an   private jet, arrived at an airport and was baffled by the     procedure. What, pray tell, were these newfangled kiosk devices? (I am so not joking.) Hollywood has lately become populated with an unusually large number of   moguls guys (and they are still almost always guys) who find themselves reigning supreme as media kingpins one day and facing down an existential crisis as mere millionaires the next. They include Jeffrey Katzenberg, the former DreamWorks Animation chief Jim Gianopulos, replaced as the big boss at 20th Century Fox in June Philippe Dauman, dismissed as Viacom’s leader in August and Rob Friedman, eased aside as   of Lionsgate in September. There are several more examples, including Rob Moore, who recently lost his job as vice chairman of Paramount Pictures. “It’s upsetting, no question, when you are suddenly dislodged from your life,” Mr. Moore told me. “You’re raw, and you’re vulnerable. Even though you know this eventually happens to most everyone at a certain level in Hollywood  —   that’s just how it works in a   business  —   it’s still a surprise. “In these   jobs, your   become the   thing to your children and parents, and not communicating with them in the same way all of a sudden leaves a big gap. You feel a sense of loss. ” Don’t feel too bad for Mr. Moore. Under his old contract, Paramount has to pay him for three years, so he has no immediate pressure to find a new gig, even though most people in Hollywood expect him to be courted by a Chinese movie company. Mr. Moore, 54, also has a new fiancée, Betty Zhou, 35, who is the host of a show on Chinese television called “Talking to Hollywood With Betty Zhou. ” (No, contrary to Hollywood gossip, he did not propose to her on live TV. But they did pose for photos afterward while offering a Vulcan salute.) Mr. Moore, who sounded relaxed during our interview, said that he had recently returned from Europe (“the first real vacation I’ve had in 15 years”) and was now starting to think about his next career move. “Where’s the growth?” he asked rhetorically. “Where would be a fun place to work next? At some point, you get through the shock of what happened and start getting excited about new opportunities. ” So far, put Mr. Moore squarely in the graceful category. How are his jettisoned compatriots doing, emotionally and otherwise? It is hard to know. Whether trying to fly under the radar while putting together a new act, licking wounds, or still miffed about coverage (mine specifically) of their departure, they declined interview requests. But this much is clear: None are ready to leave the stage. Mr. Gianopulos, 64, whose departure from Fox, where he spent 24 years, revealed considerable good will toward him as people rallied to his side, has been courted by financiers for potential partnerships. Mr. Friedman, 65, one of the architects behind Summit Entertainment, which hit pay dirt with the “Twilight” film series and then sold itself to Lionsgate, has been hired as a consultant for Paramount’s “Transformers: The Last Knight,” set for June release. According to Mr. Friedman’s friends, he may decide to start a new studio. None have been more visible than Mr. Katzenberg, 65, whose studio career stretched from Paramount to Walt Disney Studios to DreamWorks Animation, which he sold to Comcast in April for $3. 8 billion. But Comcast did not want one asset  —   him  —   and so Mr. Katzenberg left the company, a moment that was marked by a ceremony outside the Chinese Theater, where his footprints were immortalized in cement. Variety gave him a   tribute that played like a retirement party, replete with praise and   from stars. (Elton John: “How did he do such amazing stunts with those little feet? ”) That was in September. But by then, the   Mr. Katzenberg was already starting a holding company that aims to emulate Barry Diller’s   Corporation, which owns internet businesses like Match. com and Vimeo. Several of Mr. Katzenberg’s friends told me that he is working to raise $500 million to $700 million in funding to invest in “mobile content”   that his new company will help incubate and operate. For now, Mr. Katzenberg is also still a consultant to AwesomenessTV, a digital media studio that is owned by Comcast and Verizon. All of these bigwigs will be just fine, of course. None certainly have to worry about feeding their families, like a lot of Americans who lose their jobs. Mr. Dauman, 62, who ruled over MTV, Comedy Central and Paramount for a decade as the top Viacom executive, received $72 million in exit compensation. Mr. Katzenberg personally collected more than $400 million from the sale of his “Shrek” studio, money he has said will largely go toward his philanthropic work. (“That money doesn’t change anything for me,” he told Variety. “I was already blessed. I was already rich. ”) But perception is another matter. Leaving any   global job requires an altitude adjustment. But leaving one in   Hollywood  —   or having the job leave you, as is more often the case  —   can be traumatizing on a whole different scale. Sure, cue the tiny violins if you want. But one week, these people are fielding calls from   and making decisions about what millions of people around the world will watch. The next week, they are faced with starring in their own version of “The Incredible Shrinking Man. ” Calls get returned, but slower. The media spotlight shifts to the next regime, and you start being called an “elder statesman. ” Show business is a small, incestuous and, in some cases, cruel club. Unlike other industries, almost everyone in Hollywood lives in a bubble (Beverly Hills and Brentwood during the week, Malibu over the weekend) making it nearly impossible to escape the peer pressure. “What are you doing next?” becomes a question that burns like acid. Because status here is openly telegraphed (the platform banquette at the Palm, the   invitation to Vanity Fair’s Oscar party) everyone notices when you lose it. So what is the best way to navigate this transition? Curious for the perspective of those who have left megawatt Hollywood jobs in the past, I called three people who have done it with aplomb. None were fired, instead leaving on their own terms  —   a big difference. But each had to face the same question as everyone else: Now what? “These jobs are so   that, when you are in the middle of them, it’s hard to clear your mind enough to think about what you want to do after it’s done,” said Barry Meyer, 72, who retired as chairman of Warner Bros. in 2013 after a celebrated run. “So you have to be willing to give yourself some time. ” Quick moves, he added, are usually the wrong ones. “I don’t think there was a   west of the Mississippi that didn’t reach out to me, and that was flattering,” he said. “But I quickly realized that a lot of people just want your Rolodex and your name to put on announcements. When you spend   years building your credibility and your reputation, you have to be careful about how you use that. ” In the end, among other things, Mr. Meyer decided to join the board of a   entertainment company (Activision) and take on something he never thought he would: He sits on the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. “As it turns out, there is life outside Hollywood,” he said with a laugh. For another former Hollywood warrior, Anne Sweeney, 59, who stepped down as president of the   Television Group last year, her   plans were quickly upended when her mother fell ill. Instead of throwing herself into a directing career, as she intended, Ms. Sweeney cared for her mother through her death in January. Not long after, Ms. Sweeney, already a Netflix board member, became a Mayo Clinic trustee. “I learned that a job is just a piece of you, it isn’t all of you,” she said. “So many times, especially in Hollywood, that distinction can get lost. ” Her advice when that happens? “You have to reclaim yourself, and you have to do it without worrying what other people think,” she said. “We are more than other people’s definitions of us. ” Nina Tassler, 59, who last year walked away from her job as president of CBS Entertainment, is moving as fast as ever, publishing a book (“What I Told My Daughter”) and producing television shows, among other activities. Her advice: “It’s not about starting a new business. It’s about starting yourself. ” In other words, savor the joy of being “fully present” with your family, she said, and “do what you want to do, and not what you think you have to do” to cling to status. “I was so grateful for my time at CBS, but, let’s be honest, these jobs are insane,” she said. “I remember being at my daughter’s volleyball tournament and not seeing her play because I was in the bathroom at the convention center  —   the only quiet spot  —   trying to negotiate a new contract with an actress. Insane!” How long did it take, though, for Ms. Tassler not to wake up and immediately check the overnight Nielsen ratings? “I still look,” she said, a bit sheepishly. “Old habits die hard. ”",0
10788,"The FBI Union’s President Just Quit, Penned Scathing Open Letter Blasting Comey","Comments 
Director James Comey of Federal Bureau of Investigation stirred up a hornet’s nest with his decision to interfere in our election by giving House Republicans more ammunition to smear Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over her “email scandal”– and not even everyone in his own agency is happy about it. 
The head of the FBI’s Agent Association (FBIAA), Reynaldo Tariche , resigned tonight to work in the private sector in protest over Director Comey’s decision to use the FBI as a political tool on behalf of Donald Trump. “Importantly, we will not be used for political gains, and any implication that the FBI Special Agents are unwilling or incapable of performing effective investigations is simply false.'” 
And quit he should. Comey’s behavior has been most unbecoming as the head of a federal law enforcement agency who is obligated to remain impartial for the good of our nation. The FBI has no idea what the emails that “may be pertinent” that were discovered on disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop actually contain; there was no need to alert Congress and doing so so close to an election is an obvious move to try to tip the scales in favor of the most unqualified and morally abhorrent candidate our nation has ever seen. 
Read his letter here: 
Dear Members, 
After 26 + years of service for the greatest Law Enforcement organization in the world I am retiring from the FBI today. I have accepted a position in the private sector within the Banking Industry. It has truly been a pleasure and honor to serve with the men and women of the FBI in the relentless pursuit of protecting the American people from Domestic and International threats. I will be eternally grateful to have worked side by side with the most dedicated individuals who carry out the FBI mission 24 hours a day seven days a week. 
My two terms as President of the FBIAA have been spent in a whirlwind of travel, meetings and other important work on behalf of the members of the FBI AA. It has truly been an amazing journey to witness the incredible work being done on a daily basis by the FBI around the world. Equally impressive has been to see how the FBI family helps each other in times of need including; deaths, family illnesses, natural disasters or any unforeseen tragedy. I am confident that incoming FBIAA President Tom O’Connor, the National Executive Board, and our entire FBIAA team will continue the work of advancing the mission of this incredible organization. 
The FBIAA’s mission includes defending the work and integrity of FBI Special Agents. As a non-partisan organization, comment on political campaigns or candidates is atypical for us, and we intend to keep it that way. Yet, in this intensely partisan election cycle, we find our work—our integrity—questioned as it relates to the investigation of Secretary Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server. Thus, honoring our mission, we will continue to remind federal officials and the public that the FBI Special Agents who undertook this investigation did so with an unwavering focus on complying with the law and the Constitution, as we do with all of our investigations. Importantly, we will not be used for political gains, and any implication that the FBI Special Agents are unwilling or incapable of performing effective investigations is simply false. 
May God bless the FBI family and may God continue to bless the United States of America",0
10789,Istanbul Nightclub Terrorist ’Identified as Uzbek Jihadist’,"ISTANBUL (AFP)  —    The attacker who shot dead 39 people on New Year’s night at an Istanbul nightclub has been identified as an Uzbek jihadist who belongs to the extremist Islamic State (IS) group, Turkish press reports said. [There had been confusion over the identity of the attacker  —   who remains on the run  —   with reports initially suggesting a Kyrgyz national and then a Uighur from China.  It said he has the code name of Ebu Muhammed Horasani within the IS extremist group. There was no official confirmation of the report. The killer slipped into the night after killing 27 foreigners and 12 Turkish nationals at the Reina nightclub in Istanbul just 75 minutes into 2017. Despite an intense manhunt, he remains on the run, with some reports saying that he is still believed to be in Istanbul. Turkish police had last week released images of the alleged killer, including a chilling silent video he purportedly took in central Istanbul with a selfie stick. Uzbekistan clamped down on militant Islam after the fall of the Soviet Union under the secular rule of its   leader Islam Karimov who died in 2016. IS militants from Central Asia, including Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan, as well as from Russia’s Muslim regions of Dagestan and Chechnya are believed to have played a key role in the triple suicide bombings and gun attack at Istanbul’s main airport in June. The IS extremist group claimed the Istanbul nightclub attack, the first time it has ever clearly claimed a major attack in the country despite being blamed for several strikes including the airport bombings.",0
10790,"Immunotherapy Offers Hope to a Cancer Patient, but No Certainty - The New York Times","DENVER  —   A cancer patient nicknamed the Steel Bull got his death sentence on a gloomy March Wednesday in 2015. He was 47, his given name Jason Greenstein, but he had earned the moniker from his oncologist for his stubborn will during more than four years of brutal chemotherapy and radiation treatment  —   all of which had failed. That Wednesday, March 4, his left side bulged with 15 pounds of tumor, doubling in size every few weeks. Lumps of Hodgkin’s lymphoma cells swelled in his lungs, making it hard to breathe, impinging a nerve and nearly paralyzing his left hand. Yet Mr. Greenstein, ever the optimist, was not prepared for his doctor’s frank words when he displayed his latest symptom: tumors along his right jawline, the first spread of cancer to that side. The oncologist, Dr. Mark Brunvand, said he excused himself to the hallway to gather his emotions. When he returned a moment later, he looked Mr. Greenstein in the eye. “You are going to die,” he remembers saying. “And because you’re my friend, it’s my job to make you as comfortable as possible. ” Behind the doctor stood Mr. Greenstein’s case manager, Poppy Beethe, crying. In a note to himself afterward, Dr. Brunvand described further treatment as “more toxic than beneficial,” and unwarranted “unless he has dramatic response. ” What happened next qualified as well beyond “dramatic response. ” A few days later, Mr. Greenstein agreed to try a   drug called nivolumab that was being tested for Hodgkin’s. It dripped into his veins, just like those   chemotherapy treatments. But this time, there were no harsh side effects. And this time, the outcome was very different. Three mornings later, Mr. Greenstein woke up to shock from his girlfriend. “Jason, you’ve got to see this!” she said. She looked at his back, where the cancer had so bulged that she affectionately called him Quasimodo. “Your tumors have shrunk!” In an eye blink, after years of agonizing and futile treatment, Mr. Greenstein’s cancer would disappear. Within weeks after that first treatment, his doctors declared him in remission. It was a result that put him at the vanguard of a new generation of cancer treatment called immunotherapy that casts into sharp relief the harshness of how we have long treated cancer and the less grueling way we might. Immunotherapy’s aim is to prompt the immune system, which is often stymied by cancer, to attack tumors with the zeal and sophistication that it attacks other diseases. The concept, at least in a primitive form, stretches back more than a century, but only in recent years have therapies been developed that show its true promise  —   and, for now, its limitations. In that astonishing span of six weeks, few of immunotherapy’s successes seemed as dramatic as Mr. Greenstein’s. “His story is not just one in a million,” Dr. Brunvand marveled, but “one in 20 million. ” On a personal level, this stunning medical reversal was not entirely surprising to Mr. Greenstein’s family and friends. Jason and I were in a tight circle of high school buddies in Boulder, Colo. To us, he has always been a fierce competitor who attacked the world with passion, humor and unbridled optimism  —   along with, at times, inattention to detail and procrastination. Life was always an adventure, including Jason’s death match against cancer, which he allowed me to chronicle. Then again, cancer is not easily beaten. And for all its promise, immunotherapy for now brings more disappointment than marvel for the majority of patients. The end of this story, sadly, allows no easy ebullience. Not for medicine. Not for Jason. When the symptoms hit in 2010, Jason was living in Las Vegas, where he had started a company called Green Man Group. It sold trinket boxes to casinos for use as gifts. Jason went to both law and business school and was obsessively entrepreneurial. He loved selling and schmoozing with customers on a    instead of    clock. Visiting casinos, he crisscrossed the country in an aging Chrysler Concorde, often with Skoal tobacco packed in his lip. He had come from tobacco users his dad had smoked cigars, his mom cigarettes since age 14. It was unseasonably warm on May 10 when Jason, driving back to Las Vegas from Arizona, felt his throat tickle and his head hurt. His legs had felt heavy for several months. Several days later, he attacked the symptoms with a homegrown remedy: He downed most of a   of Bud Light Chelada. “It didn’t work out too well,” he said with a laugh, looking back. He felt worse in the morning. My first memories of Jason come from the dugout. We were teammates for years in Little League. I was a   player and Jason a perennial    —   center fielder and shortstop, leadoff hitter. He had the same gifts in football and basketball. Not just that  —   he was funny,   a good student and a good guy. His junior high nickname was Golden. But all was not golden for Jason. One morning in eighth grade, our friend Tom Meier found him in the locker room, sobbing. Jason had learned the day before that his dad, Joel, at 46, had been told he had colon cancer. “Here was the strongest person I knew, and he was absolutely shattered,” Tom said. Over the years, Jason’s friends and family would debate the extent to which his father’s cancer and eventual death, in the summer before our senior year of high school, unmoored Jason. He had been Jason’s first coach and chief advocate, attending every game, often chomping a stogie, stoic and  . In the weeks before he died, he watched Jason, a    point guard, help lead Boulder High School to a state basketball championship game. After his father’s death, Jason’s   grades tanked such that he had to explain them to Occidental College, where he was to play basketball and baseball. A manic side of Jason became more prominent. He never settled down with a family, and his businesses came and went. His inimitable passion remained, while his   sometimes faltered. “Dad was his guru I don’t know how to describe it,” Guy Greenstein, Jason’s older brother, and one of five siblings, told me. “When my dad was gone, he was left to flounder a bit. ” After Jason first felt sick, one doctor diagnosed mononucleosis, but two courses of antibiotics did not work. Each week, he felt more rundown, until one day in August, he could not get off the couch. “It reminded me of my dad,” Jason reflected. “He had never done that before, and then he started lying on the couch. ” At summer’s end, a family doctor told him he had Hodgkin’s. It was the best case of a   scenario  —   Hodgkin’s has a 95 percent cure rate. No problem, Jason thought, I’ll get it cured and move on. In 1990, Dr. Brunvand, was climbing Mount McKinley when he and his group got a distress call from 19, 600 feet. Seven Japanese climbers needed rescue in     winds. Dr. Brunvand, then huddled at 17, 000 feet, helped bring six of the climbers back alive. His tenacity made him a perfect match for Jason, and he knew what he would be putting Jason through. Dr. Brunvand, 60, a    veteran in his field, likens traditional chemotherapy to napalm. It kills not just cancer but other rapidly dividing cells, like the ones in the gut, hair follicles and mouth. “When you have cancer, you spread napalm on it and burn everything to the ground. ” Jason received his first treatment in September 2010 in Denver. A thin nurse with a kind smile hooked him to an IV. He tried to read, and felt like he did not belong with the line of sick people in chemo chairs. Into his veins dripped a   cocktail called A. B. V. D. that has been in wide use since the 1980s. After chemo, he described feeling “the sickest you’ve ever felt but multiplied by 10. ” In spring 2011, after a brief remission, Jason became one of the unlucky few with Hodgkin’s his cancer recurred in his chest wall. He moved to the next level of treatment, “salvage” chemotherapy with the acronym ICE. Side effects: diarrhea, bruising, bleeding, hair loss, sore mouth. That winter, he got a round of   chemotherapy followed by a   transplant. Before the transplant, he met a psychologist at the Colorado Blood Cancer Institute, and, to prove his zest for life, Jason played air guitar and sang to her, wearing sunglasses. But when the psychologist, Andrea   went to see him in the hospital after his transplant, he was slumped in a hoodie. “He looked like this shadow sitting there. He looked up with his eyes, and not his chin, and said: ‘This is terrible,’” she recalled. This was what I, and others, began to see. Cancer had not beaten Jason yet treatment was starting to. When we talked by phone, he sometimes wept about his pain, exhaustion, pill regimen  —   15 medications or more daily, an alphabet soup of drugs, from acyclovir to fight infection to Zofran for nausea. Once, he showed up at the hospital after an   drive from Las Vegas with his red blood cell count so depleted (20 percent of normal) it could have killed him en route. He crawled to the elevator, where he was discovered, and then, while being wheeled away, joked with Dr. Brunvand that he had been in Las Vegas spending money on “hookers and blow. ” “It’s hard not to love a guy who sees God with one eye and the seedy side with the other,” Dr. Brunvand said. In fall 2013, Jason was in remission again, finally, he said, feeling like himself. Then, the morning after his beloved Denver Broncos were crushed in the 2014 Super Bowl by the Seattle Seahawks, Jason’s phone rang. It was Ms. Beethe, his case manager. “Jason, I have some bad news. ” Another relapse, tests showed. “I didn’t know what was worse,” Jason grimly joked later, “getting cancer again, or the Broncos losing. Any true Bronco fan would say it’s a tie. ” Jason came up with an analogy to describe being a patient in a fight with cancer in his analogy, healthy people live in a village on a beautiful Tahitian island while cancer patients float around it in canoes. “The doctors pull on the rope and pull me back to the pier. I can still visit the people in the village. But I’m drifting further and further,” Jason said. “All around me are coffins  —   the people who died from cancer. I’m waiting for my canoe to turn into a coffin. ” A few weeks after the Super Bowl, his friends planned a weekend for him in Boulder to, without putting so fine a point on it, say goodbye. Tom came from Minnesota and I from San Francisco. Jason, true to form, showed up to his own party two hours later than everyone else, having made a marathon drive from Las Vegas. At the end, we all said goodbye in the parking lot. I assumed I’d never see Jason again. Jason battled for another year, until March 2015, when he received his death sentence and his family met with Dr. Brunvand to plan hospice care. Without much hope, they agreed to take a flier on a drug called nivolumab, part of the new frontier of immunotherapy. Nivolumab had been approved for advanced melanoma in 2014. An article published that year in The New England Journal of Medicine reported the drug’s remarkable effect on relapsed Hodgkin’s patients, albeit in just 23 people. Dr. Brunvand’s team managed to get a dose, though it was not yet on the market for Hodgkin’s, through a program called “compassionate use. ” Dr. Brunvand expected little. The evidence was scant, Jason so far gone. “When I start to pray, I know it’s time to let go,” Dr. Brunvand said. “I’d started to pray for Jason. ” Immunotherapy is based on the fact that once the immune system recognizes cancer and gears up to fight it, something remarkable happens: The immune system is rendered helpless. Scientists believe that the cancer sends signals to put the brakes on our   which are the ones that fight disease. A crucial way the tumor tricks   is by displaying on its surface a protein that is recognized by the   through a receptor called  . It stands for “programmed death. ” It tells the   to, in effect,  . This might seem like a serious design flaw. After all, why would immune cells commit suicide? It turns out that the PD system is essential to survival: It is   against the immune system attacking our own bodies (see: lupus, Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis). Sometimes we want our bodies to halt the system cancer takes advantage of this survival mechanism. As Jason slogged through chemo, researchers around the country were experimenting with developing a     inhibitor for cancer so as to unleash the immune system. This concept was at the heart of the nivolumab treatment that Jason was about to receive. On March 13, Jason’s girlfriend, Beth Schwartz, drove him to his first treatment. On the ride, he was not thinking about surviving, but about having his pain managed well enough to see his nephew Jack play that night in the state high school basketball tournament. Midafternoon, Jason sat in a recliner in the bleak, boxy room. A nurse in a blue gown cleaned his central line, an intravenous port in Jason’s chest. She gave him steroids. Jason couldn’t move his left arm or close his hand, the nerve so squeezed by Hodgkin’s. She hung a translucent bag from an IV pole. It held saline and 200 milligrams of nivolumab. The treatment lasted an hour. At least there were no side effects this was not scorched earth but   tinkering. Then Jason went to his nephew’s game and sat with a former high school teammate, Dan Gallagher, who thought: “He looks so bad, I wonder if he’ll make it through the night. It was like looking at his dad again. ” Three mornings later, when Beth exclaimed that Jason’s tumor had shrunk, she wondered if she might be imagining things. So she decided to take pictures each day of his back. The evidence startles. On Day 1, his left half still looks like the Incredible Hulk, a veritable watermelon protruding. If you squint, you can see it shrinking by Day 3. Then, at two weeks, he looks slender, normal definition having returned. He had more nivolumab. Then he went for a   appointment. What happened to my cancer, he asked Dr. Brunvand, using an expletive. “I watched the moon landing in 1969, and it was a similar sense of awe,” Dr. Brunvand said. “It was that same sense we’d crossed a threshold,” he said, adding, “I’d just seen the power of the immune system. ” This is when I started taking notes. How could this be possible? Was this, indeed, a miracle? I spoke to Dr. John Timmerman, an oncologist at the University of California, Los Angeles, who was among the researchers on the paper in The New England Journal of Medicine. I told him Jason’s story, and he said, “Wow. ” But he also said, “I have seen some pretty remarkable cases similar to this. ” In 2013, Dr. Timmerman treated a    woman “near death’s door,” in such pain she could hardly move or sit down. She took the drug. The results: “A miracle,” he said. “The next time she came in, two weeks later, she popped up on the exam table on her butt and my jaw dropped. ” In almost the same breath, Dr. Timmerman offered a warning. “We’re in the honeymoon period,” he said, and for one crucial reason: “Patients are responding. They are also relapsing. ” Sometimes, tumors return in a few months or a year, sometimes not. “I stay awake at night trying to get us beyond the honeymoon,” Dr. Timmerman said. “How do we leverage this into a cure?” Dr. Brunvand, who had worked in his first AIDS clinic in 1986, hopes immunotherapy leads to fruitful,   lives for cancer sufferers just as antiretroviral drugs have for people with H. I. V. In summing up his hopes for immunotherapy in cancer, he says, simply, “Think Magic Johnson. ” If Dr. Brunvand is right, some future Jason might not only survive but also not be driven to the edge by the treatment itself. For now, though, life on medicine’s cutting edge is no bowl of cherries, not with your survival at stake. Jason relapsed in August 2015. On Aug. 13, a resplendent Colorado day, Jason pulled up to my  ’ house in Denver, where I was visiting. He was a broken man. He moved slowly, hunched at his shoulders, wore   and looked to me like a character in “Dallas Buyer’s Club. ” We sat in the backyard. Jason sobbed. “No matter how many times they tell you you’ve got cancer, you don’t get used to it,” he said. He mourned the toll it had taken on his family, especially on his mother, who supported him emotionally and financially. “I think it would be easier for everyone if I was dead. ” He asked for ice for his dry lips. But would you believe it? Jason wasn’t done. He went in for radiation treatment, and soon appeared to have beaten the cancer back again. “It’s awesome. I’m so psyched, dude,” he told me on Oct. 5. He was thinking of new business ventures, including working with a cancer doctor and researcher to develop an immunotherapy company. “I’m living proof!” In early April this year, I called him to check in. Jason did not pick up or call back. After several days, I called Dr. Brunvand. “Jason’s relapsed,” he said. “Ten days ago. ” He had been shoveling snow at his mother’s house when he felt his back go out. In excruciating pain, he went for an M. R. I. and other tests. They found evidence of Hodgkin’s in a vertebrae in the middle of his back and in the lining of his spinal column. Soon, his seventh vertebrae fully collapsed, an agonizing compression fracture, due in part to years of    therapies. “The treatment is killing him,” his mother, Catherine, told me when I arrived to visit on April 19. Jason sat in a recliner in the living room, in such agony he could hardly move. Heavy pain medications made him delirious. The next day, it took three nurses to gently lower him into a wheelchair outside the hospital, where he got a course of immunotherapy to treat Hodgkin’s in his spinal column. On May 17, the Food and Drug Administration approved nivolumab for patients with Hodgkin’s lymphoma in cases like Jason’s, where the patient has relapsed or the cancer has progressed after a transplant. Jason got his last dose of the drug in late May. On June 1, he got the results of his latest scan. The tests showed no trace of cancer. But he was still in the hospital, virtually immobile, recuperating from surgery to stabilize his back with rods, and facing complications from coming off pain medications and steroids. On June 21, I woke to a text from Dr. Brunvand. “Jason has taken a dramatic turn for the worse. ” Jason, who had been in the hospital for more than 70 days rehabilitating from the surgery, had suddenly stopped talking, his eyes closed most of the time, glassy and not home when open. Flummoxed, Dr. Brunvand could not find anything on brain or blood scans, ultimately deciding it was encephalopathy, meaning his brain had temporarily shut down to flush out toxins. Too many drugs for too many years. Specifically, Dr. Brunvand reasoned, the awakening of his immune system had led to inflammation in the nervous system. Jason was moved to intensive care, where he had a feeding tube, catheter, intubation. Dr. Brunvand ordered a spinal tap to give him steroids to combat the inflammation. But frankly, we all braced ourselves. “I think he’s lost the fight in him  —   and why wouldn’t he?” his mom told me. I sent a text for his sister to read to him: “Richtels send their love. ” Over the next few days, Jason remained enveloped, struggling not to be pulled under by toxins, as he had been doing for years against cancer. On July 4, his girlfriend was sitting by his side in the intensive care unit when his eyes popped open. “He’s awake!” she texted me. Happy Independence Day. He voraciously ate soup and applesauce. He watched the Colorado Rockies game. After a few days, the doctors told him his back was healing and they expected to send him home within weeks. On July 7, Jason texted a response to the note I’d sent while he was in the I. C. U. “Thanks,” he wrote. “Better and trying for a comeback. ”",0
10791,Bahrainis support senior Shia cleric Sheikh Qassim,"Persian Gulf This photo shows anti-regime protesters taking part in a demonstration in the village of Musalla, Bahrain, on November 11, 2016. 
Bahrainis have taken to the streets in several villages and towns in support of senior Shia cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim. 
On Friday, a mass protest was held near Imam Sadiq mosque in the village of Diraz, the hometown of the cleric. 
The demonstrators condemned Manama’s continued ban on holding Friday prayers in the village. 
On June 20, Bahraini authorities stripped the 79-year-old cleric of his citizenship, less than a week after suspending the al-Wefaq National Islamic Society, the country’s main opposition bloc, and dissolving the Islamic Enlightenment Institution, founded by Qassim, and the opposition al-Risala Islamic Association. 
People in the villages of Shakhoura and Abu Saiba also demonstrated in solidarity with Sheikh Qassem and the political detainees despite tightened security measures. 
Similar anti-regime demonstrations were held in the villages of Ma'ameer, Karbabad, Shahrakan, Sehla al-Janoubia and Musalla as well as the town of A'ali and the island of Nabih Saleh. 
The protesters also condemned the Al Khalifah regime for its persecution of the Shia community. 
Thousands of anti-regime protesters have held numerous demonstrations in Bahrain on an almost daily basis ever since a popular uprising began in the country on February 14, 2011. The protesters demand that the Al Khalifah dynasty relinquish power. 
Scores of people have lost their lives and hundreds of others sustained injuries or got arrested as a result of the regime’s crackdown. Loading ...",0
10792,Your vote doesn’t count; it all comes down to the electoral votes which all media is hiding from you!,"Your vote doesn’t count; it all comes down to the electoral votes which all media is hiding from you! Find out why Clinton is ahead of Trump and may likely win October 31, 2016 Screen-capture: NBC News/YouTube ( INTELLIHUB ) — What the American people need to realize is that their vote literally does not count. That’s right there is absolutely no point in voting as an individual because the election results are only based on electoral votes. 
Your vote is only a poll, to let the Establishment know what brand you like best, brand A or brand B, that’s all, just like Jordan Maxwell pointed out in the documentary film SHADE . 
You see, 270 electoral votes are needed for either candidate to win. 
Right now, according to a website tracking the electoral votes, Hillary Clinton is in the lead with 258 electoral votes, compared to Donald Trumps 157 and there are only 127 remaining on the table for grabs. So you can see that as of yet, Hillary Clinton has the Electoral College wrapped up as expected. This is how Bush won the 2002 election.",0
10794,"Delicious Recipe: Coconut Oil, Cauliflower, Ginger, Turmeric Stew","In a medium stock pot, heat the coconut oil for 30 seconds on medium heat. Step 2 Add the cumin seeds and stir until they start to sputter. Then add the onions and cook for another minute, and then, add the tomatoes, stir and cook for a few more minutes until the tomatoes soften. Step 3 Add the rest of the ingredients and stir together. Cover the pan and simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes to keep from burning. Step 4 Ladle the soup into 4 serving bowls and enjoy! Leftover stew can be stored in air-tight container and saved for lunch the next day. Nutritional Analysis Per Serving",0
10795,"Why the Whitney’s Humanist, Pro-Diversity Biennial Is a Revelation - The New York Times","Since moving downtown, the Whitney Museum of American Art has grown up, thanks to a larger, dashing new building, more ambitious exhibitions and new responsibilities brought by rising attendance and membership. No surprise, its biennial has grown up, too. Perhaps less expected: So has the art in it. This show’s strength and focus make it doubly important at a time when art, the humanities and the act of thinking itself seem under attack in Washington. The 2017 Biennial, the first held in the expansive Renzo   structure on Gansevoort Street, is an adult affair: spatially gracious to art and visitors alike, and exceptionally good looking, with an overall mood of easy accessibility. My first thought: It needs a little more edge. Yet this show navigates the museum’s obligations to a broader public and its longtime   audience with remarkable success. Organized by Christopher Y. Lew, the Whitney’s associate curator, and Mia Locks, an independent curator, it has some immature inclusions and other letdowns. But once you really start looking, there’s edge all over the place. The show spotlights 63 artists and collectives working at the intersection of the formal and the social, and in this it announces a new chapter of   political art  —   though one already brewing in small museums, galleries and studios. Many of these artists confront such American realities as income inequality, homelessness, misogyny, immigration, violence, hatred and biases of race, religion and class. But they are equally committed to the artistic exploration of media and materials, and to the creation of bold and strange things to see and think about. Important messages are conveyed through perception. Take Henry Taylor’s gripping history painting of Philando Castile dying in the passenger seat of his car in a St. Paul suburb, having just been shot by a policeman whose gun, arm and uniform are visible through the car window. We are inside the car, in the driver’s seat, bearing witness with Diamond Reynolds, Mr. Castile’s girlfriend, as she   his mortal injury on a cellphone. Mr. Castile, a school cafeteria manager, has the noble head of a Greek bronze, complete with a jawline beard and an eye whose flat whites the Greeks would have made from silver or alabaster inlay. His shirt is spattered with paint, not blood. Mr. Taylor’s style is harsh but it doesn’t overplay. Samara Golden’s “The Meat Grinder’s Iron Clothes” is a dystopian combination of mirrors and eight   miniature interiors  —   including some upside down  —   that create endless kaleidoscopic reflections of class conflict. Overlooking the Hudson River, it includes a drab office full of computer stations, an   aspirational Upper East Side living room and some merging of   hospital and prison featuring pink wheelchairs and filthy toilets. The melding of pleasure and horror it can elicit would have delighted Georges Bataille, the radical philosopher for whom “truth has only one face: that of a violent contradiction. ” This Biennial follows the lead of Kerry James Marshall’s painting retrospective at the Met Breuer last fall, which set a high standard for social engagement sustained by formal ambition. This presentation is also an important bookend to the 1993 Biennial, a raucous, untidy show unforgettable for the   issues it threw in viewers’ faces  —   and for often overly didactic, hectoring and visually dry art. The current Biennial reflects the emergence of artists committed to political subject matter but unwilling to limit themselves artistically or to lecture viewers. Mr. Marshall, who presides here in absentia, has lots of company. Some of the breathtaking openness and diversity of contemporary art is evident in this show’s participants and its range of media  —   from painting, which is plentiful and mostly but not entirely figurative, to digital and   art. Nearly half are female, and half nonwhite its demographics argue that not only do black lives matter (along with Hispanic, Asian, Muslim and immigrant lives) they are essential to our quality of life  —   physical, emotional, cultural, linguistic, economic, educational, environmental. The show is promising from the start, in the lobby, which is festooned with 10 opulently embroidered and appliquéd banners by Cauleen Smith, a Chicago artist whose work is also in the film program. Serious yet melodramatic, they contrast statements of stark deprivation (“I Cannot Be Fixed”) with images of exposed hearts weapons burning eight balls broken pencils and a large, injured eye, conjuring faith, superstition, violence and thwarted expression. The intensity grows in the gallery off the lobby, where Rafa Esparza, of Los Angeles, has inserted “Figure Ground: Beyond the White Field,” a magical circular room (and floor) made of adobe bricks. It is in, but not of, the museum, and Mr. Esparza has invited five artists not officially in the Biennial to exhibit their work here, most notably Beatriz Cortez, whose    “Cairn,” assembled from large chunks of volcanic rock, is a fragile balancing act that speaks volumes about the precariousness of life today. The two main floors of the show, five and six, each begin with a large figurative painting. On the fifth floor, Dana Schutz’s “Elevator,” commissioned by the museum, is a weak, scattered reprise of a smaller, better painting in her last gallery show. Two smaller Schutz works here are stronger: “Shame,” a study in contorted female   and especially “Open Casket,” based on a famous photograph of Emmett Till, young, murdered and disfigured, in his coffin. Ms. Schutz doesn’t picture his wounds as much as the pain of looking at them. On the sixth floor, the opener is Mr. Taylor’s ambitious “Ancestors of Ghenghis Khan With Black Man on Horse,” a   canvas. It lacks the clarity of the Philando Castile painting (whose furious title is “The Times Thay Aint a Changing, Fast Enough! ”) or “The 4th,” a canvas of a black man at a backyard grill that has the heft of an official royal portrait from centuries past. The large gallery that Mr. Taylor’s paintings share with Deana Lawson’s meticulous   photographs  is one of the show’s best. Like Mr. Taylor, Ms. Lawson addresses the dangers, contradictions and cultural richness of living in America as a black person. She does so by extending the staged efforts of photo artists like Jeff Wall and Stan Douglas but with slightly smaller, more insistent color images. Showing black people at home, they imply the ties and tensions of family and friendship and smolder with quiet determination. The ambiguous “Sons of Cush,” revolving around two men, a tiny baby and a fist full of cash, is as full of symbols as a Renaissance painting. The show is punctuated with other smart, mutually enhancing pairings. On the fifth floor, the colorful paintings of Shara Hughes push natural forms toward feverish abstraction using the Fauves and early American modernists like Charles Burchfield. These analog visions sync up with the digital ones, directly adjacent, of Anicka Yi’s “The Flavor Genome. ” This gorgeous     video alternates between the Amazon rain forest and a pristine lab to tell a fictive story of “bioprospecting” in the name of global consumerism. On the Hudson side of the sixth floor, Jessi Reaves’s alternately raw and beautiful hybrids of found furniture and sculpture provide both seating and ingenious commentaries on design, modernism and waste. Their snarling energy is matched by their neighbors: the creepy coagulations of color, plastic, resin, drawing and grommets that form the paintings of KAYA, a collaboration consisting of the artists Kerstin Brätsch and Debo Eilers. Some artists approach the unvarnished bluntness of the 1993 Biennial, with complexity. “A Very Long Line”  —   a   video installation by the collective Postcommodity involving blurry images of tall fences shot from a moving car  —   takes over the walls of a small gallery, capturing the viewer in a noisily rattling cage. When you learn that the fences are on the Mexican border, the piece becomes a visceral metaphor for the experience of feeling, or being, trapped, that is now the fate of so many undocumented immigrants. Jordan Wolfson’s “Real Violence” provides a   view of a brutal   assault  —   real violence that many Americans rarely see. Horrible to watch, it should at least shock almost anyone into a better understanding of how scarring it is to witness physical savagery. “Real Violence” finds an apt foil in the discombobulated sculptures of Kaari Upson in the same gallery: urethane casts of severely damaged couches   shades of red, silver and pink that suggest bodies at once powerful and pathetic. Impressively, the show’s éminence grises are showing some of the best work of their careers. Larry Bell contributes “Pacific Red II,” a majestic line of six large   volumes made from progressively lighter or darker sheets of red laminated glass that combines East Coast and West Coast Minimalism as never before. The weird symbolism in Jo Baer’s paintings fuse the grays of her early Minimalist abstractions with visions of Irish myths and monuments. Other efforts deserving attention include the bravura abstract paintings of Carrie Moyer, among her best, and the gritty figurative ones of Celeste  . The choreographer Maya Stovall offers videos of modern dance on Detroit sidewalks, vividly juxtaposing art and life. Tuan Andrew Nguyen’s video “The Island,” an unlikely combination of fact and fantasy, revisits the tiny Malaysian island of Pulau Bidong, which sheltered tens of thousands of Vietnamese refugees who fled their country in the 1970s and ’80s. Pope. L’s enormous room covered inside and out with a careful grid of embellished slices of baloney, embodies his usual sarcasm, even if the point about population breakdowns remains obscure. Oto Gillen’s fugal   show “New York, 2015  —  ” documents the denizens of our sanctuary city’s public spaces  —   homeless people, food vendors, police officers, bike messengers  —   presenting a combination of striving and defeat (and surveillance). Providing contrast are shots of the luminous nocturnal beauty of skyscrapers under construction that will do nothing to succor the lives below. At the other end of the exhibition, Asad Raza’s “Root sequence. Mother tongue” brings brief respite: 26 young, often flowering trees facing the flickering light of the city. At a moment when a new president threatens to wipe out the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities, this exhibition makes an exciting, powerful case for art. As seen here, art illuminates the diversity on which this country’s greatness stands and  —   through its mysterious alchemy of beauty and reality, tragedy and joy  —   inspires us to think, know our better selves and fight back. 1. What’s playing during Jordan Wolfson’s violent   demonstration? A Hebrew prayer or blessing sung upon the lighting of the candles during Hanukkah. 2. How many times is Donald J. Trump’s name mentioned? Twice. 3. How many artists not chosen by the curators are exhibiting in the show? A total of 42, in installations by Rafa Esparza (5) John Riepenhoff (7) and Occupy Museums (30). 4. How many of the 63 artists live in Los Angeles or New York City? 38. 5. How many of the New Yorkers live in Brooklyn? About 11. 6. What is the classroom on the fifth floor? It’s a working classroom, set up by the Puerto Rican artist Chemi   to serve students of the Lower Manhattan Arts Academy on the Lower East Side. The students come to the museum for lessons the school displays work from Biennial artists. 7. What’s with those raggedy circles drawn on the wall of each floor? The exhibition graphics were inspired by the Biennial catalog design by Tiguere Corporation, in San Juan, P. R. which includes   circles with slashes as a   element. The graphics appear on floors that include Biennial works. The single slash means “this floor has some Biennial works” and the double slash or X means “this entire floor has Biennial works. ” 8. Why are cheap foam Statue of Liberty crowns in the gift shop? It’s an addition from Puppies Puppies, the pseudonymous artist also responsible for a performance on the eighth floor: On weekends, a performer dressed as the Statue of Liberty appears on the Whitney’s highest balcony.",0
10796,Destruction of Walk Of Fame star leaves Donald Trump down to his last six Horcruxes,"Thursday 27 October 2016 by Davywavy Destruction of Walk Of Fame star leaves Donald Trump down to his last six Horcruxes 
Stabbing a copy of The Art Of The Deal with a Basilisk’s tooth is the next step to eliminating Donald Trump, according to experts this morning. 
Donald Trump howled in agony and demanded a flask of serpent’s milk to help him recover some strength after the destruction of his first Horcrux on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame yesterday. 
Trump, whose unusually-styled hair is believed to hide a face on the back of his head, is understood to have concealed fragments of his soul in multiple receptacles in an attempt to protect himself from defeat in the forthcoming election. 
Fragments are believed to be hidden in places as diverse as the fabric of Trump Tower, a pussy he grabbed without warning in 2003, and Mike Pence’s unnaturally shining white head of hair. 
The last Horcrux is believed to be the one national poll which has shown him in the lead. If destroyed, this would cause his organisation to fail and his acolytes, known as the Debt Eaters for their habit of bankruptcy, to disband. 
“The Orange Lord is not concerned by this petty attack,” said a spokesman for the Trump campaign. 
“Only a cowardly child would act like this, and Donald challenges his attacker to meet him in debate where he shall win, and win, and win again.” 
To show he meant business, Trump took off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves to threaten anyone who would wish him harm. 
However when Trump handed his jacket to his spokesman to hold, the spokesman cried ‘Dobby’s Free!’, and vanished. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
10797,US Engineers Prepare Bionic Device to Generate Electricity by Walking,"0 5 0 0 Field tests on the device are expected to begin in 2017. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A device being developed will attach to a soldier’s upper and lower legs to generate electricity that is needed to power a growing array of high-tech gadgets in a soldier’s backpack, the US Army announced in a press release on Wednesday. ""Just by walking, soldiers could generate power,"" the Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center’s Project Engineer Noel Soto said in the release. ""We are converting the movement of the knees when you walk into useful power."" 
Field tests on the device are expected to begin in 2017, the release explained. Progressive Soft Exoskeleton: as Comfortable as Everyday Pants (VIDEO) ""The goal is to reduce the amount of batteries used by soldiers, or to be able to extend the mission with the same load,"" Soto noted. ""Soldiers are carrying a heavy load and a lot of that weight, 16 to 20 pounds for a 72-hour mission, is due to batteries.""
Soldiers now carry multiple electronic devices that aid in strategy, communication and navigation, including computers, radios, mobile phones, battlefield situational displays and navigation tools, according to the release. ...",0
10798,Obama to pardon HAMILTON cast,"In Hillary's America, email server scrubs you 
Obama transfers his Nobel Peace Prize to anti-Trump rioters 
Democrats blame Hillary's criminal e-mail server for her loss, demand it face prison 
Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
10799,Former Drug Industry Executives Charged in Kickback Scheme - The New York Times,"A secret relationship had made the two men rich: one, the head of a   pharmacy, the other, an executive at a major pharmaceutical company who had promised to funnel millions of dollars to his partner in exchange for receiving millions of his own. They celebrated over email like characters in a classic western movie  —   with one saying that they would soon “ride into the sunset” together. Those were the details laid out in a complaint announced on Thursday by federal prosecutors, which brought that cinematic tale to an inglorious end. The prosecutors charged the two executives  —   Andrew Davenport, the chief executive of the   pharmacy Philidor Rx Services, and Gary Tanner, an executive at Valeant Pharmaceuticals International  —   with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy for what prosecutors described as a   scheme to enrich themselves. The arrests represent the first charges in multiple state and federal investigations into Valeant’s business practices, including inquiries by Congress and the Securities and Exchange Commission. As the questions have mounted over the last year, shares of Valeant, a major drug maker that was once a Wall Street darling, have fallen precipitously, putting the company’s future in doubt. In a statement, Valeant noted that the company and its top executives had not been charged in the case, and said it was cooperating with the investigation. A lawyer for Mr. Davenport said his client intended to defend himself, and a lawyer for Mr. Tanner said his client’s innocence would be demonstrated at trial. Of all the questions surrounding the company, its relationship to the small   pharmacy Philidor drew perhaps the most scrutiny. In October 2015, Valeant revealed that it had bought an option to acquire Philidor in 2014 but had never disclosed that detail to investors. Several media outlets reported on a host of tactics Valeant was said to have used to steer its products through Philidor and increase sales, including altering prescriptions to specify that Valeant’s   drug, and not a cheaper generic, be dispensed. It cut ties to Philidor that same month. According to the complaint, filed Wednesday in Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York, Mr. Tanner and Mr. Davenport were at the heart of this relationship. The government said the two concealed from Valeant a secret pact they had made to promote the pharmacy’s interests inside Valeant, including persuading Valeant to buy an option to acquire Philidor. The government contends Mr. Tanner used a secret email account, under the name “Brian Wilson” to communicate with Mr. Davenport. Prosecutors said Mr. Tanner and Mr. Davenport initiated their plan while Mr. Tanner was in charge of what was known at Valeant as “alternative fulfillment,” or the practice of using   pharmacies to increase prescriptions for its   drugs that otherwise might have been filled by cheaper generic alternatives. As the scheme developed, prosecutors said, Mr. Tanner resisted efforts by Valeant’s senior leadership to seek out relationships with Philidor’s competitors, and his efforts were critical in leading Valeant into the   agreement in December 2014. Philidor profited handsomely from the relationship  —   prosecutors said it grew to an enterprise with 450 employees and tens of millions of dollars in revenue at the end of 2014 from a tiny   in 2013. Until Philidor was shut down in January, at least 90 percent of the drugs it dispensed were sold by Valeant, the federal complaint said. Mr. Tanner also benefited from the arrangement, the authorities said. According to the complaint, Mr. Davenport used a series of shell companies  —   including one called End Game  —   to secretly transfer a kickback payment to Mr. Tanner after the   agreement went through. According to prosecutors, about $40 million from the deal between Valeant and Philidor went to Mr. Davenport, who, they said, sent about $10 million of that to Mr. Tanner. The complaint said that Valeant officials questioned Mr. Tanner several times about whether he had any financial relationship with Philidor  —   and that he said he did not. Howard M. Shapiro, a lawyer for Mr. Tanner, said his client had simply been doing his job. “It was Gary Tanner’s job at Valeant to grow and promote Philidor,” he said in a statement. “He performed that job exceptionally well, greatly benefiting Valeant’s shareholders, and regularly communicated to his superiors what he was doing. ” Mr. Davenport’s lawyer, Jonathan Rosen, said Mr. Davenport had worked “with full transparency” and added, “Philidor also benefited Valeant, which is why Valeant and its highly sophisticated and active management team sought to buy it. ” Mr. Tanner was forced out of Valeant in 2015. Mr. Davenport remained at Philidor until the company shut down. Regardless of whether Valeant’s top executives were aware of the arrangement between Mr. Tanner and Mr. Davenport, Valeant benefited significantly from its ties to the pharmacy, allowing it to increase sales of ailing products and obscure more significant problems with the business, said Vicki Bryan, a senior analyst with Gimme Credit, a bond research firm. She noted that Valeant paid Philidor $100 million to enter into the purchase agreement, then quickly paid it $33 million more, according to the complaint. “This is how much Valeant valued this relationship, right off the bat,” Ms. Bryan said. When Valeant disclosed its relationship to Philidor last year, it said that the pharmacy had accounted for about 7 percent of its sales in the third quarter of 2015, or about $196 million. Beyond the relationship between Mr. Davenport and Mr. Tanner, Valeant has said in public filings that the government investigations into Philidor could include looking into whether it improperly used its ties to the pharmacy to bill third parties, such as insurers. Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said at a news conference on Thursday that the investigation was continuing, but he declined to discuss specifics. He would not say whether his office was looking into Valeant’s accounting practices. A spokesman for Mr. Bharara said the office did not have any agreements with cooperating witnesses to make public at this time. His office has tended to make cooperation agreements public when an investigation is largely complete. The criminal complaint also refers to interviews with several unnamed former Valeant executives, but does not identify any of them as cooperating witnesses. The series of negative developments over the last year have pummeled Valeant’s stock  —   pushing it down to its current $17 a share from nearly $100 a share last November. Its chief executive, J. Michael Pearson, stepped down in the spring, and the problems also led to a   of the board. The precipitous decline has punished a number of big hedge funds that hold large positions in Valeant  —   firms like Pershing Square Capital Management, Paulson  Company and ValueAct Capital Management. No hedge fund may have been hurt more than Pershing Square, the $11. 6 billion firm led by the investor William A. Ackman. Mr. Ackman began buying Valeant shares in early 2015, when the stock was trading around $190, and he has remained a true believer. This year, well after concerns about Valeant’s business dealings with Philidor became apparent, he continued to argue the company had value and secured two board seats for his firm, holding one of them himself. Just last week, Mr. Ackman told his investors that he foresaw a comeback strategy for Valeant as it moved to sell off business divisions to reduce its debt obligation. He has even suggested that the company may rename itself in an effort to rebuild its reputation. Yet he has conceded that he and his firm could have done better due diligence on Valeant’s aggressive   practices  —   another business strategy that has prompted controversy and protests from federal legislators. Mr. Ackman, in an email statement on Thursday, declined to comment on the criminal charges beyond the Valeant statement.",0
10800,“It’s Fucking Christmas Now So Start Buying Shit” Shops Inform Public,"0 Add Comment 
THE RETAIL industry has wasted no time in informing the public it is the first of November, Halloween is over and now it’s time to ‘hand over all of your fucking money’, WWN has learned. 
Shops around the country have in recent years made the decision on behalf of the Nation to start Christmas on the 1st of November with a barrage of ads, jingles and more ads, searing them into the public’s mind until they are on the verge of insanity. 
“Just place all your savings on the counter, and we’ll give you some crap made in China in return and nobody has to get hurt,” the Retail Association of Ireland (RAI) revealed to the public, while pointing to a calendar. 
“It’s the first of November and you know what that means, it’s fucking Christmas so start spending, and don’t be smart and say you’re not going ‘too mad’ this year. Don’t fight us on this,” the RAI added. 
Large Tannoy speakers have been erected across Irish towns and cities, armed with subtle messages chosen to induce people into parting with their cash. 
“Ah, they just say things like ‘spend, spend, spend’ and ‘your loved ones will hate you forever and disown you if you don’t buy them everything now’, played at a higher level than a Metallica concert on speed. We hope the public start to realise what time of year it is,” senior It’s Never Too Early For Christmas Shopping strategist Henry Mulcahy explained.",0
10801,Trump is the Nation’s Abuser-in-Chief,"Trump is the Nation’s Abuser-in-Chief Trump is the Nation’s Abuser-in-Chief By 129 
As an emotional abuse survivor, I get an eerie feeling watching Donald Trump. 
In fact, a checklist of 30 tactics used by an emotionally abusive partner , published by the blog Live Bold and Bloom , reads like Donald Trump’s debate prep to-do list. 
One of the telltale signs of such abuse, for example, is rooted in humiliation: 
“They humiliate you, put you down, or make fun of you in front of other people.” 
This seems to be a cornerstone of Trump’s political speech — like making fun of a disabled reporter , or placing the women who accuse Hillary Clinton’s husband of sexual misconduct in the audience at the last debate. (I wonder if Trump has ever heard that expression about glass houses and throwing stones.) 
“They accuse you or blame you for things you know aren’t true.” 
For example, accusing Hillary of laughing at a rape victim, which she didn’t do . 
“They make excuses for their behavior, try to blame others, and have difficulty apologizing.” 
Like the “locker room talk” apology t hat wasn’t. Tilting At Women, an OtherWords cartoon by Khalil Bendib. 
“They call you names, give you unpleasant labels, or make cutting remarks under their breath.” 
Remember Trump’s use of pejoratives like Crooked Hillary, Lyin’ Ted Cruz, Little Marco Rubio, Low Energy Jeb Bush, and “Pocahontas”? (That last one refers to Elizabeth Warren.) There’s even a Donald Trump insult generator online based on the candidate’s penchant for name-calling. 
“They make subtle threats or negative remarks with the intent to frighten or control you. “ 
In the second debate: “You’d be in jail,” Donald threatened Hillary, if he becomes president. 
“They play the victim and try to deflect blame to you rather than taking personal responsibility.” 
After the 2005 video of Trump boasting about sexually assaulting women was leaked, he claimed the entire world was in a conspiracy against him — the media, the Clintons, the Republicans. 
Poor Donald, everyone is calling him out for the racist and misogynist that he is. 
Most familiar to me as an abuse survivor were Trump’s deflections of Hillary’s jabs during the second debate. In my experience, any time you confront an abuser with their past bad behaviors, you get one of three responses. 
First, they might say they never did that. That thing never happened. This is called gaslighting . The name comes from a 1944 film called Gaslight . It’s used when someone attempts to manipulate you into doubting your own lived experiences. 
Second, they’ll turn your critique back onto you. You don’t like that they humiliated you in front of your friends? You’re too sensitive. That’s your problem. It’s just one more item on the long list of things that are wrong with you . 
Last, they reply to your critique of them with what they don’t like about you. And sometimes, the responses can be quite arbitrary. 
Oh, Hillary doesn’t like that Trump bragged about assaulting women? Well, Bill Clinton had affairs. Never mind that Bill isn’t running for president, or that his well-litigated past isn’t the issue at hand. 
True, Bill Clinton won’t go down in history for being faithful, but that doesn’t answer the question about Trump’s record with women and his qualifications to be president. 
Emotional abuse can be hard to pinpoint when you’re the one being abused. So Donald Trump has just provided us all with a valuable service by demonstrating before a live TV audience what emotional abuse looks like in action. 
The best way to deal with a bully? Remove them from your life.",0
10802,Businesses Prepare For Hillary Presidency In A Way Sure To PISS Her Off,"Share This 
A Hillary Clinton presidency would devastate our nation, damaging an already unstable economy as she destroys our Constitution and taxes Americans until they bleed. Several businesses are aware of this frightening reality, and they have decided to prepare themselves and others for the worst case scenario — a Hillary presidency. 
Small businesses are often those affected the most by a Democrat’s economic policy, but many of America’s “mom and pop” shops are determined to overcome should this terrifying possibility become our reality. Surprisingly, there is a silver lining for some. Certain businesses actually realize that a vote for Hillary and her election as our next president will likely make them extremely wealthy — if only temporarily. Democrat presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton 
Gun stores everywhere plan to stock up on guns in preparation for the rigged election, in which most think Hillary has already been decided the winner. Although some are driven by the desire to protect their families, many gun owners are stocking up now before Hillary has a chance to try to take their rights away, which she has vowed to do. Those who have shopped in gun stores even tell the owners that they are gearing up for a Hillary presidency. 
Two things drive up sales like no ads on TV ever could. The first is election campaigns, which inevitably pit gun-rights advocates against those asking for stricter gun-control laws. And the second, are tragedies in the news, especially mass shootings. Jared Fulton and his son Dave at their gun store, Freedom Firearms 
“If Hillary Clinton gets elected it’s going to be all hands on deck, and its going to be a crazy day,” says Jared Fulton, who founded Freedom Firearms with his brother, Joel, in 2002, shortly after Michigan passed a new “concealed-carry” law allowing any adult to carry weapons on their person as long as they’re out of sight. “It’s going to be several crazy days, in fact.” [via Independent ] 
While Democrats cry and complain about guns, their antics actually push sales and drive the number of guns in civilian hands exponentially higher. This was seen the day after Barack Obama’s election and the day of his inauguration. Instead of watching him take the presidential oath, many Second Amendment supporters went out and purchased guns that they knew would offend the new president. And, it won’t be different if Hillary is elected. 
Make no mistake that while Obama currently holds the record for “gun salesman of the year,” every year since he was elected, Hillary will surpass him. Having firepower to back your decision not to consent to her corrupt presidency may be key as she tries to start World War III. Not all Americans are going to willingly accept Hillary’s rigged and invalid authority. When tyrannical leaders try to take our country from We the People , it’s our duty to remind them why our Founding Fathers gave us the Second Amendment.",0
10803,"Across the World, Shock and Uncertainty at Trump’s Victory - The New York Times","The election of Donald J. Trump as president of the United States has shocked the world  —   and has the potential to reshape it. “I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America’s interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone  —   all people and all other nations,” Mr. Trump said in his victory speech. His triumph was seen as good for Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, but made some in Mexico nervous. Leaders from Asia, Europe and Latin America offered congratulations to Mr. Trump or to the United States, but the distinctions in their messages were noteworthy. Latin American heads of state wished Mr. Trump well, and offered their own ideas on how he might govern. Venezuela, a country that Mr. Trump has repeatedly criticized for its leftist leadership, asked Mr. Trump to essentially mind his own country’s business by “respecting nonintervention in internal issues and to the right of development and peace. ” Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia and Nobel Peace Prize laureate, said he hoped Colombia and the United States “will continue deepening bilateral relations. ” Mr. Trump has criticized a trade agreement between Colombia and the United States, among many other trade deals. Álvaro García Linera, Bolivia’s leftist vice president, said the voters’ endorsement of Mr. Trump’s populist message shows how Americans, too, are questioning prevailing economic paradigms in “a passive revolution,” this time coming from the right. Others expressed dismay with the election entirely. “The excesses of this eccentric millionaire have proven that the number one enemy of the U. S. is not beyond its borders, but rather within,” wrote Vladimir Flórez, a Colombian cartoonist popularly known as Vladdo, in El Tiempo newspaper. “This threat called Trump is a product of American society a nightmarish mutation of the American dream. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign  —   and his promise to build a wall on the United   border and to deport millions of immigrants in the country illegally  —   became a rallying point for Mexicans. He has promised to blow up the North American Free Trade Agreement, or Nafta, upending commerce between the two countries, valued at about $500 billion a year. Early on Wednesday  —   as the peso gyrated  —   President Enrique Peña Nieto said, “Mexico and the U. S. A. are friends, partners and allies. ” Andrés Manuel López Obrador, a popular leftist politician and likely 2018 presidential candidate, asked Mexicans “to remain calm,” and said, “We will stay together no matter what the circumstances are. ” Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu repeated in a television interview on Wednesday morning that Mexico would not pay for the wall.  —   AZAM AHMED President Mauricio Macri had rooted for Hillary Clinton but said he hoped to work with Mr. Trump. “One of the issues that worried us is the transition,” he said. “We will have to adapt, and that is what we will do. ” Earlier in the week, Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra warned that a Trump victory would bring relations between the United States and Argentina “to a standstill,” but on Wednesday she praised his “conciliatory” victory speech.  —   DANIEL POLITI Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who enjoys a close relationship with President Obama, said that “Canada has no closer friend, partner and ally than the United States. ” He added, “The relationship between our two countries serves as a model for the world. ” But Mr. Trump’s promise to revisit Nafta brings unwelcome uncertainty to Canada’s economy. Mr. Trudeau’s open approach to immigration and refugees is the inverse of Mr. Trump’s. And Canada will be in a difficult position if it imposes carbon taxes only to find that Mr. Trump undoes all American efforts to mitigate climate change. One of the few positive developments for Canada is Mr. Trump’s promise to reverse the Obama administration’s decision to block the Keystone XL pipeline.  —   IAN AUSTEN Ban   the United Nations secretary general, said it was “worth recalling and reaffirming that the unity in diversity of the United States is one of the country’s greatest strengths. ” As if to remind the United States of its role as a guarantor of world stability, he noted that it is “an essential actor across the international agenda. ” Mr. Trump has demanded that the NATO allies of the United States foot more of the bill for their collective defense. Jens Stoltenberg, the NATO secretary general, noted that the alliance comes with legal obligations. “NATO’s security guarantee is a treaty commitment and all allies have made a solemn commitment  —   a solemn commitment  —   to defend each other,” Mr. Stoltenberg said. “We have to remember that the only time that we have invoked Article 5, our collective defense clause, is after an attack on the United States, after  . ”  —   RICK GLADSTONE and JAMES KANTER The two top officials of the European Union  —   Donald Tusk, president of the European Council, and   Juncker, president of the European Commission  —    congratulated Mr. Trump and invited him to visit Europe. “Europeans trust that America, whose democratic ideals have always been a beacon of hope around the globe, will continue to invest in its partnerships with friends and allies, to help make our citizens and the people of the world more secure and more prosperous,” they wrote. Later, however, Mr. Tusk, a former prime minister of Poland, warned that Britain’s decision to leave the European Union, and the election of Mr. Trump, should raise alarms. “The events of the last months and days should be treated as a warning sign for all who believe in liberal democracy,” he said. Guy Verhofstadt, the leader of a prominent group of lawmakers in the European Parliament and a former prime minister of Belgium, called Mr. Trump’s victory “a   call for European leaders,” adding, “Donald Trump has declared several times that our priorities are not his. ” He added: “We cannot be dependent anymore on the U. S. we have to take charge of our own destiny. Europe should get its act together, too, and set its internal differences aside. ” Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May, spoke of the country’s “enduring and special relationship” with the United States. President François Hollande of France noted that “some of Donald Trump’s campaign positions must be put to the test of the values and the interests that we share with the United States. ” He added that “disorders in the world are worrying people everywhere, including the people of America, the first world power. ” The French prime minister,   Ayrault, asked, “What will become of the Paris agreement on the climate, of the nuclear deal with Iran that Donald Trump wants to reconsider?” Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated Mr. Trump and offered her cooperation  —   but stressed that it must rest on human rights and nondiscrimination. Germany’s foreign minister,   Steinmeier, said that “if Donald Trump really wants to be president of all Americans, then I think his first duty is to fill in the deep rifts which arose during the campaign. ”  —   AURELIEN BREEDEN, JAMES KANTER and ALISON SMALE Two   nationalist leaders  —   Geert Wilders in the Netherlands and Marine Le Pen in France  —   cheered Mr. Trump’s victory. “The Americans are taking their country back,” Mr. Wilders, a lawmaker who leads the Party for Freedom and who faces   charges in his home country, wrote on Twitter. He called Mr. Trump’s election “a historic victory” and “a revolution. ” Ms. Le Pen, the leader of the National Front in France and a candidate for the French presidency, congratulated Mr. Trump on Twitter and declared the American people “free!” She called it “good news for our country. ” Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary, one of the few European leaders who spoke favorably of Mr. Trump during the campaign, wrote on Facebook: “What a great news. Democracy is still alive. ”  —   BENOÎT MORENNE and MARTIN de BOURMONT Mr. Trump has called the January agreement between Iran and world powers “the worst deal ever,” and he has vowed to unilaterally abandon it. Under the agreement, Iran has given up large chunks of its nuclear program in exchange for some sanctions relief. The head of Iran’s atomic energy program told the semiofficial Tasnim news agency on Wednesday that the country would “try to continue to implement the nuclear agreement. ” Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said last week that the presidential debates had illustrated “the crisis America is in. ” Some analysts said the election of Mr. Trump was the result of an “awakening,” Iran’s ideological label for some of the Arab Spring revolts. One analyst, Farshad Ghorbanpour, who is close to the government of the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, said he feared the implications for Mr. Rouhani, who has been promoting better relations with Washington. “Our   will pressure him, they are very happy now,” he said. —   THOMAS ERDBRINK “  Trump is a true friend of the State of Israel, and I look forward to working with him to advance security, stability and peace in our region,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement. The United States is Israel’s most important ally. The Israeli government, which has often had a tense relationship with the Obama administration, has studiously avoided taking sides, but at the same time, Jerusalem has moved to improve relations with India and Russia, and is in talks to develop economic ties with China.  —   ISABEL KERSHNER Across the Middle East, where the United States has a long history of often divisive involvement, many seemed to have no idea how to react to the election of Mr. Trump. President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim of Turkey quickly congratulated Mr. Trump, but official reaction was scarce from Saudi Arabia. Mr. Trump said the kingdom may no longer be able to count on American defense guarantees and should give the United States “free oil for the next 10 years. ” Syrians, too, said they had little inkling what the vote would mean for the civil war in their country, although many in the opposition had expressed hope that a victory for Hillary Clinton would mean more robust support for the rebels fighting to topple President Bashar  . “I am scared, scared for Syria,” said Murhaf Jouejati, the chairman of the  Day After organization, an independent body that aims to prepare Syrians for a democratic future. “Here is a man who is openly saying that he is going to defer to the Russians on Syria. This is a clear victory for the Assad regime. ” Many have expressed worry that Mr. Trump’s negative statements about Islam and Muslims would translate into aggressive policies in the region, as well as making it harder for displaced Syrians to seek refuge.  —   BEN HUBBARD, ANNE BARNARD and HWAIDA SAAD Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who had been planning to meet Mrs. Clinton in Washington in February, tried to calm his country, as the yen surged and stocks stumbled. “Hand in hand with Trump, we will try to work together,” he said. On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump singled out Japan. He claimed that Tokyo was not paying its fair share to support United States military bases, calling into question the American commitment to defend Japan in case of attack. A rising China could put a check on Mr. Trump’s stated ambitions in Asia. “Maybe he will decrease the commitment to Pacific security issues,” said Shin Kawashima, professor of international relations at the University of Tokyo. “But if he carries out such a policy, China will be much more authoritative and aggressive in the Pacific. And then most of the alliance countries and security experts in Washington will be against Trump’s policies. It is a little difficult for Trump to just change all the old policies. ” Mr. Trump’s talk of disengaging could embolden Mr. Abe’s efforts to build its military capabilities and strengthen ties with Russia.  —   MOTOKO RICH and HISAKO UENO President Park   of South Korea instructed her government to coordinate closely with Mr. Trump’s transition team to ensure that her country and the United States would maintain sanctions and pressure on North Korea to stop its nuclear weapons program. “North Korea should not misjudge the solidity of our alliance with the United States and our joint ability to respond” to provocations, said Jeong   a government spokesman. Mr. Trump unsettled South Koreans when he said that he might withdraw American troops from their country unless Seoul paid more for their presence. He also indicated that he might let Japan and South Korea protect themselves with nuclear weapons and that he might negotiate directly with the North Korean leader, Kim  . Mr. Trump’s surprisingly strong performance caught analysts off guard, but it was welcome news for those in South Korea who believe that their country must build its own nuclear weapons to defend against North Korea.  —   CHOE   Prime Minister Najib Razak of Malaysia was one of the first leaders to offer effusive praise for Mr. Trump. “The world has watched this year’s presidential election with fascination,” he said in a statement. “At almost every turn, media commentators have been proved wrong and the results anticipated by experts have been overturned. Donald Trump was considered a distant outsider when his candidacy was first announced. He beat the establishment consensus by winning the Republican nomination, and did so again with his remarkable victory today. Mr. Trump’s success shows that politicians should never take voters for granted. ” Mr. Najib, who has stared down corruption charges, added, “His appeal to Americans who have been left behind  —   those who want to see their government more focused on their interests and welfare, and less embroiled in foreign interventions that proved to be against U. S. interests  —   have won Mr. Trump the White House. ” Arriving in Malaysia on Wednesday evening, Rodrigo Duterte, the president of the Philippines, who has lashed out at the United States and at Mr. Obama in often profane comments, mentioned Mr. Trump in a speech to overseas Filipino workers. “Congratulations,” he said. “We are alike. We both swear. ”  —   SEWELL CHAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in a tweet addressed at Mr. Trump, “We appreciate the friendship you have articulated towards India during your campaign. ” For India, a central question is whether Washington will reduce its military presence. “If that is called into question, India will no longer be able to rely on the U. S. to be there as a security provider,” said Dhruva Jaishankar, a fellow at the Brookings Institution India Center. The result could be more assertive attitudes from China, Japan and Korea. Manjeet Kripalani, the executive director of Gateway House, a   think tank, likened Mr. Trump to Putin of Russia, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, and Mr. Modi. (A former journalist, Ms. Kripalani worked for Steve Forbes’s 1996 presidential campaign.) As far as any change in the relationship between India and the United States is concerned, she predicted, “You will find the Trump administration being realistic about Pakistan, being realistic about India and realistic about China. ”  —   ELLEN BARRY and NIDA NAJAR Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull reassured his people that “Americans understand that they have no stronger ally, no better friend, than Australia. ” Mr. Turnbull said the American role in the Pacific region had underpinned stability, economic growth and a   order, a term he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop have used when discussing the resolution of disputes with China over territorial and fishing rights in the South China Sea. “I have great confidence that all of our engagement will continue to be strong and intimate, filled with the trust and confidence that has characterized it for so many years,” Mr. Turnbull said.  —   MICHELLE INNIS",0
10804,Prepare For The Pirates: Direct Democracy Driven Political Party May Gain Power In Iceland,"Prepare For The Pirates: Direct Democracy Driven Political Party May Gain Power In Iceland   
We are not here to gain power, we are here to distribute power. 

–Ásta Guthrún Helgadóttir Pirate member of Iceland’s Parliament 
While there are all sorts of populist political movements gaining traction across the West, the only one I find genuinely revolutionary and distinctly interesting and productive is Iceland’s Pirate Party. 
I’ve covered the upstart party in the past, most recently earlier this year in the post, “The Pirates Are Coming”– Iceland’s Pirate Party Polls at 43% Following the PM’s Resignation . Now, with the Icelandic election just days away (October 29th), the party is back in the news due to an expected strong performance. 
REYKJAVIK, ICELAND — The party that could be on the cusp of winning Iceland’s national elections on Saturday didn’t exist four years ago. 

Its members are a collection of anarchists, hackers, libertarians and Web geeks. It sets policy through online polls — and thinks the government should do the same. It wants to make Iceland “a Switzerland of bits,” free of digital snooping. It has offered Edward Snowden a new place to call home. 

And then there’s the name: In this land of Vikings, the Pirate Party may soon be king. 

To Jónsdóttir and other Pirate true believers — who define their party as neither left nor right, but a radical movement that combines the best of both — the election here could also be the start of the reboot that Western democracy so desperately needs. 

“People want real changes and they understand that we have to change the systems, we have to modernize how we make laws,” said Jónsdóttir, whose jet-black hair and matching nail polish cut a distinctive profile in a country where politics has long been dominated by paunchy blond men. 

The sticker affixed to the back of her chrome-finish laptop stands out, too: an imitation seal of the U.S. government, the familiar arrow-bearing eagle encircled by the words “National Security Agency Monitored Device.” At the Pirates’ tech-start-up-esque office in an industrial area of Reykjavik’s seafront, a Guy Fawkes mask hangs from the wall and a skull-and-crossbones flag peeks out from a ceramic vase. 

The Pirates have spelled out their positions on issues from fishing quotas to online pornography to Snowden. (Party leaders offered him Icelandic citizenship if he can find a way to get here.) But on some of the biggest questions facing the country, the official party position is to punt to the voters. 

To party devotees, that’s fine. The Pirates, they say, are less about any specific ideology than they are about a belief that the West’s creaking political systems can be hacked to give citizens a greater say in their democracy. 

“We are not here to gain power,” said Ásta Guthrún Helgadóttir, a 26-year-old Pirate member of Parliament. “We are here to distribute power.” 
Like everything else, the Pirate Party cannot be seen in a vacuum. A total implosion of the Icelandic economy was necessary to clear the path. 
Iceland’s political status quo—a Nordic-style parliamentary democracy, dominated for decades by pro-NATO conservatives—was shattered when the country went bust in the 2008 financial crisis, pitching Iceland into its deepest crisis since full independence and the republic were declared in 1944. This year, Iceland was rocked again when the Panama Papers leak exposed corruption among top politicos, including the prime minister, who resigned under fire. “People here are angry and frustrated,” says Karl Blöndal, deputy editor of the center-right Morgunbladid. “In the minds of many voters, the Pirates are the only untainted party, and with them Birgitta carries authority. She’s been the face of the opposition since the crash.” 

Iceland’s Pirates, though they currently hold only three spots in the 64-seat parliament, are among the highest-profile of Europe’s Pirate parties. The anarchic hacker-led movement, global in scope, focuses on privacy rights and freedom of expression in the digital age. Born a decade ago in Sweden, and since turbo-charged by WikiLeaks’ and Edward Snowden’s disclosures about NSA surveillance, the Pirates have dozens of chapters worldwide, from Australia to Canada, and a headquarters in Geneva. Iceland’s Pirates were the first in the world voted into a national legislature. 

Indeed, Jónsdóttir and Iceland’s Pirates see themselves as part of something greater than the direct-democracy uprising they’re leading in the chill North Atlantic. They understand Iceland as the “test grounds for radical progressive changes,” and they stand for an international legalization of WikiLeaks, asylum for Edward Snowden, and legalizing drugs across Europe. They say they’ll turn diminutive Iceland (a country so small its citizens are listed in the phone book by first names) into an international digital safe haven where data, such as whistle-blower revelations, can be securely transmitted and stored. 

In contrast to Europe and the United States, however, Iceland refused to rescue the banks with taxpayer money; instead, the failed banks were renationalized. Iceland chose instead to protect its citizens, first by imposing capital controls so that money couldn’t leave the country and, second, by expanding the social safety net. “Iceland did the right thing…creditors, not the taxpayers, shouldered the losses of banks,” said economist and Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz in 2011. The bankers were eventually sent to jail: 26 financiers received sentences totaling 74 years. 
The possibilities are endless once you start jailing bankers. Share This Article...",0
10805,"Fueled by Small Donations, Donald Trump Makes Up Major Financial Ground - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump all but erased his enormous   disadvantage against Hillary Clinton in the span of just two months, according to figures released by his campaign on Wednesday, converting the passion of his core followers into a flood of small donations on a scale rarely seen in national politics. Mr. Trump and the Republican National Committee raised $64 million through a joint digital and mail effort in July, according to his campaign, the bulk of it from small donations. All told, Mr. Trump and his party brought in $82 million last month, only slightly behind Mrs. Clinton’s $90 million, and ended with $74 million on hand, suggesting he might now have the resources to compete with Mrs. Clinton in the closing stretch of the campaign. “She’s been doing this for 20 years,” said Steven Mnuchin, a New York investor who is Mr. Trump’s finance chairman. “We’ve been doing it for two months. ” More than   of the $64 million had come online, Mr. Mnuchin said. The new figures indicate a major shift in Mr. Trump’s campaign, which until recent months was largely funded by hat and   sales and by Mr. Trump’s  wallet. And they suggest that Mr. Trump has the potential to be the first Republican nominee whose campaign could be financed chiefly by   supporters pitching in $10 or $25 apiece, echoing the success of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont during the Democratic primary. The numbers released by the Trump campaign Wednesday are preliminary official figures  —   including money spent on direct mail, which is typically expensive, and a precise breakdown of total cash raised in small increments  —   will become available when Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton file formal reports with the Federal Election Commission this month. Moreover, Mr. Trump’s surge is coming very late in the campaign, at a point where advertising rates climb and the chance to invest in a   digital and campaign infrastructure is long past. And Mrs. Clinton’s own   operation is rapidly expanding as well. In a Twitter post on Wednesday, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton said that her campaign and a joint   operation with the Democratic National Committee had $102 million on hand, not including cash held directly by the party. But Mr. Trump’s announcement suggests that after months of dithering and false starts, he has begun to exploit an opportunity: marrying his powerful credibility among   Republicans with targeted     particularly online, where Mr. Trump’s website features buttons soliciting $50, $25 and even $10 contributions. At the end of May, Mr. Trump reported barely more than $1. 3 million in cash, alarming Republicans, who feared a financial rout by Mrs. Clinton. Mitt Romney, the party’s 2012 nominee and a wealthy man in his own right, was never able to stoke intense enthusiasm among small donors and relied disproportionately on big ones. During July of that year, for example, Mr. Romney and the Republican National Committee reported raising a total of just $19 million from contributions of less than $200. Mr. Trump was able to ramp up quickly in part through a digital operation set up by the R. N. C. since that campaign. Even before Mr. Trump was the nominee, the party built out its email list and tested ways of targeting small donors. With that in place, party officials unleashed a   desire by    Republicans to donate to a candidate who has bluntly attacked lobbyists and big donors. While Mr. Trump accepted online donations during the primary season, he did not send out an email solicitation until late June  —   which brought in $3 million alone, an indication of the well of money available to him. The campaign has also raised money by promising to match small donations out of Mr. Trump’s pocket, a tactic available only to wealthy candidates. “There was always that potential, but you didn’t have candidates who were as uniquely positioned in the same way that Trump is,” said Patrick Ruffini, a Republican strategist who ran digital   at the Republican National Committee under President George W. Bush. But Mr. Trump’s surge also emphasizes the complication for Republicans in having him at the head of their party. He is relying more on     in part because he has faced opposition from some of the party’s biggest patrons, such as Meg Whitman, a California business executive, who said Monday that she was so disgusted with Mr. Trump that she would vote for Mrs. Clinton. To bolster his     Mr. Trump and his team are now working to assuage the broader pool of affluent Republican donors and  . In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has laid off his criticisms of the party’s donor class and scheduled an array of formal   events for Republican donors in money centers like Florida and New York. Moreover, even as his name and followers are helping fund Republican     efforts around the country, Mr. Trump is feuding with the party’s senior leadership, pointedly refusing to endorse prominent Republicans facing   primary opponents, such as the one challenging Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, the House speaker. And it is the Republican National Committee that is providing much of the technical expertise that has allowed Mr. Trump to quickly increase his     some Republican officials said. Even as relations fray between Mr. Trump and some fellow Republicans, the party and Mr. Trump each needs the other. And Mr. Trump, as the nominee and the   tent pole for the party, may have the upper hand. “Under normal circumstances, the party would have money as leverage,” Mr. Ruffini said. “They could cut off   to a candidate who misbehaves. And that leverage has been taken completely away. ”",0
10806,Cannes: Major Upset as Political Correctness Satire ’The Square’ Wins Palme d’Or,"Swedish satire “The Square” a   of political correctness and the confused identity of the modern male, won the Palme d’Or top prize at the Cannes film festival Sunday. [In a stunning upset, the   jury led by Spanish director Pedro Almodovar and including Hollywood stars Jessica Chastain and Will Smith awarded the trophy to the movie’s director, Ruben Ostlund.  “Oh my God, oh my God!” Ostlund shouted from the stage after besting a raft of favourites for one of global cinema’s most coveted honours. In a 70th anniversary edition marked by raging debate over sexism in the movie industry, Sofia Coppola became only the second woman in history to win best director for her     thriller “The Beguiled” with Nicole Kidman and Colin Farrell. Kidman, who appeared in four different projects at the festival, accepted a special 70th anniversary award from the jury. Diane Kruger clinched best actress for her first film role in her native German as a devastated mother who has lost her family in a Hamburg terror attack, in Fatih Akin’s “In the Fade”. “I cannot accept this award without thinking of everyone who has been touched by an act of terrorism  …     you have not been forgotten,” the clearly moved actress said.   Oscar nominee Joaquin Phoenix nabbed best actor for his turn as a   hitman in the ultraviolent thriller “You Were Never Really Here”. “Any work that I did was linked to the work of Lynne Ramsay,” the film’s British director, Phoenix said, before apologising for his    look at the gala ceremony. “I don’t wear leather,” the committed vegetarian explained.  —   ‘So much courage’  —   Greece’s Yorgos Lantimos shared the best screenplay award with Ramsay for “The Killing of a Sacred Deer” an icy thriller set in a wealthy American suburb and starring Kidman and Farrell. The   Grand Prix went to moving French drama “120 Beats Per Minute” about the radical activists who helped shame the world into action on AIDS. “This film is an homage to those who died but also those who survived and are still alive, who had so much courage,” said the movie’s director, former ACT UP member Robin Campillo. Campillo also wrote the screenplay for “The Class” a drama about a multicultural Paris high school that scooped the Palme d’Or in 2008 as well as an Oscar nomination. “Loveless” by Andrey Zvyagintsev, a wrenching drama about moral rot eating away at Russian society under Vladimir Putin, took the third place jury prize.  —   Magic of big screen  —   “The Square” coming in at two hours and 20 minutes, is an often hilarious art world satire exploring creative liberty, free speech and the blurred lines between the sexes. Danish actor Claes Bang plays a museum director and divorced father of two young daughters who finds himself in an increasingly absurd set of predicaments. The movie features Elisabeth Moss (“Mad Men”) and Dominic West (“The Wire”) in small roles viciously lampooning the   art world. One   featuring a wild,   man performing as an ape wreaking havoc at a posh gala dinner entered festival legend. Cannes’ 12 days of screenings and   soirees  —   which were somewhat muted by the Manchester bombing  —   were marked by unprecedented   measures and a raging row over how technology is shaping the future of the movie industry. Netflix had two movies in competition for the first time but faced blowback from critics who argue that online streaming is destroying cinema distribution and with it the magic of the   experience.",0
10807,Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy,"Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy Nov 21, 2016 3 0 
“How is the government going to get people to pay their taxes if the government is not viewed as legitimate?” ~ Catherine Austin Fitts 
The world economy is designed to fail through the mechanism of a banking system that requires all users of money to pay usury every time a transaction takes place. In this way, the financial systems of the world can be manipulated into a managed collapse, thereby causing global chaos so that the world’s nations and citizens can be tricked into demanding a global currency managed a global elite. 
Problem, reaction, solution. Economic hit man John Perkins wrote about this strategy as it was used in the 20th century to bring developing nations under the control of the international monetary fund and transnational profiteers, and at present this scheme is being globalized. 
“If an EHM is completely successful, the loans are so large that the debtor is forced to default on its payments after a few years. When this happens, then like the Mafia we demand our pound of flesh. This often includes one or more of the following: control over United Nations votes, the installation of military bases, or access to precious resources such as oil or the Panama Canal. Of course, the debtor still owes us the money—and another country is added to our global empire.” ~John Perkins, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man 
For decades now, the dollar has been in a slow burn style of collapse, and while many journalists, primarily outside of the mainstream, have been warning the world about how and why this is happening, we’re quickly approaching a turning point, where the slow burn moves into something more severe. While at first glance this seems like a frightening potentiality, the truth is that an economic collapse may very well be our best chance at freeing ourselves from the rule of the Gods of Money . A Whistleblower Warns Us and Gives Us Hope 
Speaking to Greg Hunter of USA Watchdog news , former Wall Street banker and former Assistant Secretary of Housing and Federal Housing Commissioner at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in the first Bush Administration , Catherine Austin Fitts explains why the slow burn is about to come to an end. 
“The system has the capacity with monetary policy in one sense to keep going forever if the force and military capacity is there to do it, but at some point, you burn through the fat, you burn through the muscle and then you have to change institutions.” ~ Catherine Austin Fitts 
During the financial crisis of 2008, the government was able to prevent an uncontrolled firestorm collapse of the system by colluding with the chiefs of the financial sector, giving them bailouts of extraordinary magnitude , then inflating the dollar by the Federal Reserve’s introduction of quantitative easing . Eight years later, this tactic has reached its limit, however it has given the public significant reason and time to understand why our economy functions the way it does, and people are losing faith in our leadership. 
“It’s going to be extremely difficult to get people to continue to pay their taxes when they’re highly confident the money’s not being spent legally and it’s going to the advantage of small parties or things that they don’t understand. And so you can’t move further without institutional overhaul.” ~Catherine Austin Fitts 
The thing that frightens her most is the fact that groups within the U.S., such as ALEC , are already calling for changes in the law and even a new constitutional convention to overhaul these institutions. The financial sector has already been operating outside of the law and beyond the constitution for some twenty plus years, and if we haven’t been using the constitution, she notes, then why do they wish to change it? 
“If you want to enforce the Constitution or fix things, that’s what you do. The reason you get a Constitutional Convention is you want to tear it up because you’re worried, now that people realize the extent of the corruption, that they’re going to try and enforce.” ~Catherine Austin Fitts 
Her warning is that as people continue to wake up to the corruption of our government and financial rulers, the entrenched elites who are fully invested in destroying the middle class will fight tooth and nail to prevent us from holding them accountable, by means of bringing more Draconian laws into place to protect themselves. 
In this light, the economic war that is brewing isn’t completely technical, it is social as well, quickly becoming class warfare. The world’s financial elite are in grave danger of being held to the fire for their crimes, and surely they know they how quickly things can change in favor of the populous, as historical events like the French Revolution have shown. Prepare Now 
As individuals stuck in the debt-slave matrix , there is very little we can do to challenge this sort of massive global scheme as it’s happening, however, preparing now for collapse is our best chance of chucking our burden of debt to these people, if they are even human , and of creating a future without such obvious criminal financial tyranny holding us back. 
Working now to expose these criminals is imperative so that when the ball drops, ordinary people understand why, how and who is truly to blame, thereby making resisting to the takeover possible. Taking care of personal emergency preparations by gathering healthy storable foods , networking in your community, and having plans in place to survive are absolutely necessary at this stage, and once this is done, efforts to awaken others are critical. 
View the full interview here : 
About the Author 
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here . This article ( Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Isaac Davis and WakingTimes.com . Vote Up",0
10808,Why Trump Won; Why Clinton Lost,"  WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry’s Consortium News (republished with permission). 
In the end, Hillary Clinton became the face of a corrupt, arrogant and out-of-touch Establishment, while Donald Trump emerged as an almost perfectly imperfect vessel for a populist fury that had bubbled beneath the surface of America. 
There is clearly much to fear from a Trump presidency, especially coupled with continued Republican control of Congress. Trump and many Republicans have denied the reality of climate change; they favor more tax cuts for the rich; they want to deregulate Wall Street and other powerful industries – all policies that helped create the current mess that the United States and much of the world are now in. A sign supporting Donald Trump at a rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016 (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Further, Trump’s personality is problematic to say the least. He lacks the knowledge and the temperament that one would like to see in a President – or even in a much less powerful public official. He appealed to racism, misogyny, white supremacy, bigotry toward immigrants and prejudice toward Muslims. He favors torture and wants a giant wall built across America’s southern border. 
But American voters chose him in part because they felt they needed a blunt instrument to smash the Establishment that has ruled and mis-ruled America for at least the past several decades. It is an Establishment that not only has grabbed for itself almost all the new wealth that the country has produced but has casually sent the U.S. military into wars of choice, as if the lives of working-class soldiers are of little value. 
On foreign policy, the Establishment had turned decision-making over to the neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist sidekicks, a collection of haughty elitists who often subordinated American interests to those of Israel and Saudi Arabia, for political or financial advantage. 
The war choices of the neocon/liberal-hawk coalition have been disastrous – from Iraq to Afghanistan to Libya to Syria to Ukraine – yet this collection of know-it-alls never experiences accountability. The same people, including the media’s armchair warriors and the think-tank “scholars,” bounce from one catastrophe to the next with no consequences for their fallacious “group thinks.” Most recently, they have ginned up a new costly and dangerous Cold War with Russia. 
For all his faults, Trump was one of the few major public figures who dared challenge the “group thinks” on the current hot spots of Syria and Russia. In response, Clinton and many Democrats chose to engage in a crude McCarthyism with Clinton even baiting Trump as Vladimir Putin’s “puppet” during the final presidential debate. 
It is somewhat remarkable that those tactics failed; that Trump talked about cooperation with Russia, rather than confrontation, and won. Trump’s victory could mean that rather than escalating the New Cold War with Russia, there is the possibility of a ratcheting down of tensions. 
Repudiating the Neocons 
Thus, Trump’s victory marks a repudiation of the neocon/liberal-hawk orthodoxy because the New Cold War was largely incubated in neocon/liberal-hawk think tanks, brought to life by likeminded officials in the U.S. State Department, and nourished by propaganda across the mainstream Western media. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
It was the West, not Russia, that provoked the confrontation over Ukraine by helping to install a fiercely anti-Russian regime on Russia’s borders. I know the mainstream Western media framed the story as “Russian aggression” but that was always a gross distortion. 
There were peaceful ways for settling the internal differences inside Ukraine without violating the democratic process, but U.S. neocons, such as Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, and wealthy neoliberals, such as financial speculator George Soros, pushed for a putsch that overthrew the elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014. 
Putin’s response, including his acceptance of Crimea’s overwhelming referendum to return to Russia and his support for ethnic Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine opposing the coup regime in Kiev, was a reaction to the West’s destabilizing and violent actions. Putin was not the instigator of the troubles. 
Similarly, in Syria, the West’s “regime change” strategy, which dates back to neocon planning in the mid-1990s, involved collaboration with Al Qaeda and other Islamic jihadists to remove the secular government of Bashar al-Assad. Again, Official Washington and the mainstream media portrayed the conflict as all Assad’s fault, but that wasn’t the full picture. 
From the start of the Syrian conflict in 2011, U.S. “allies,” including Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Israel, have been aiding the rebellion, with Turkey and the Gulf states funneling money and weapons to Al Qaeda’s Nusra Front and even to the Al Qaeda spinoff, Islamic State. 
Though President Barack Obama dragged his heels on the direct intervention advocated by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama eventually went in halfway, bending to political pressure by agreeing to train and arm so-called “moderates” who ended up fighting next to Al Qaeda’s Nusra Front and other jihadists in Ahrar al-Sham. 
Trump has been inarticulate and imprecise in describing what policies he would follow in Syria, besides suggesting that he would cooperate with the Russians in destroying Islamic State. But Trump didn’t seem to understand the role of Al Qaeda in controlling east Aleppo and other Syrian territory. 
Uncharted Territory 
So, the American voters have plunged the United States and the world into uncharted territory behind a President-elect who lacks a depth of knowledge on a wide variety of issues. Who will guide a President Trump becomes the most pressing issue today. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Will he rely on traditional Republicans who have done so much to mess up the country and the world or will he find some fresh-thinking realists who will realign policy with core American interests and values. 
For this dangerous and uncertain moment, the Democratic Party establishment deserves a large share of the blame. Despite signs that 2016 would be a year for an anti-Establishment candidate – possibly someone like Sen. Elizabeth Warren or Sen. Bernie Sanders – the Democratic leadership decided that it was “Hillary’s turn.” 
Alternatives like Warren were discouraged from running so there could be a Clinton “coronation.” That left the 74-year-old socialist from Vermont as the only obstacle to Clinton’s nomination and it turned out that Sanders was a formidable challenger. But his candidacy was ultimately blocked by Democratic insiders, including the unelected “super-delegates” who gave Clinton an early and seemingly insurmountable lead. 
With blinders firmly in place, the Democrats yoked themselves to Clinton’s gilded carriage and tried to pull it all the way to the White House. But they ignored the fact that many Americans came to see Clinton as the personification of all that is wrong about the insular and corrupt world of Official Washington. And that has given us President-elect Trump.",0
10809,Russian & US Fighter Jets Near Miss Over Syria,"
A Russian fighter jet nearly collided with a US plane over Syria on October 17, according to DoD officials.
The Russian jet was escorting a much larger spy plane, said USAF Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigan, and it came within half a mile of a US warplane.The American pilot reportedly felt the turbulence generated by the Russian plane’s jet engines. Both planes were flying without lights during the night.
“I would attribute it to not having the necessary situational awareness given all those platforms operating together,” Harrigan said.
A hotline has been created between Russian and US forces to discuss approximate locations and flight paths of planes in order to avoid collisions in the future.
Russian forces have reported that they have not bombed Aleppo since October 18, but they continue to send constant air patrol to circle the region. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
10810,Jimmy John’s Founder Denies He Is Nude Man Pictured Humping a Dead Shark - Breitbart,"The founder of the Jimmy John’s restaurant chain denied that he is the person that posed naked humping a shark in a photo circulating social media Tuesday. [Jimmy John Liautaud is the latest   figure to deny being the subject of the shocking photo, which started making the rounds on social media Friday, the Daily Mail reported.  Deadspin reported that Florida Gators football coach Jim McElwain also denied that he was the subject of the photo on Monday. The photo has gained a lot of traction on social media, with many users wondering who is the man in the photo. “Who is this man? Please RT, find him  ask him why he did this? Where is the humour in humiliating slaughtered animals?” British wildlife TV presenter Anneka Svenska asked on Twitter Friday. Who is this man? Please RT, find him  ask him why he did this? Where is the humour in humiliating slaughtered animals? @ChrisGPackham pic. twitter.   —   Anneka Svenska (@AnnekaSvenska) May 5, 2017,  At first, internet users suspected McElwain as the man in the photo because his toothy smile looked a lot like the man in the photo. “I don’t know who it is, but it isn’t me,” McElwain said at a press conference Tuesday with his wife by his side. Then, internet users turned their attention to Liautaud, the Jimmy John’s founder, because he has a toothy grin and a penchant for hunting game. According to a 2015 Chicago Tribune article, Liautaud talked about his love of hunting animals from rhinoceroses to elephants and posing with them in photos. “I choose to hunt and I choose to fish,” he said. “Everything I’ve done has been totally legal. And the meat has been eaten, if not by me than by someone I’m with. I don’t hunt big African game anymore. ” A spokesperson for Jimmy John’s however, denied these accusations, saying the man is not Liautaud and is not affiliated with Jimmy John’s. As curiosity about the photo continues to circulate social media, the mystery about the mysterious man’s identity is growing.",0
10811,4 Natural Tips to Make your Teeth Sparkling White,"By karencole 
Posted Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 10:20am EDT 
Having a great smile can say so much about someone. This is the first thing when making a conversation with someone. If your teeth are not white enough, it may greatly lower your self-esteem, and you lack confidence. In the long run, you end up losing opportunities, and you are unable to express yourself. There are so many people with discolored teeth, and they have spent a fortune in dental visits, yet there are several ways that they can be controlled by below home remedies . Watch what you eat. 
Ensure that you frequently eat crunchy fruits as well as vegetable . Fruits such as apples, carrots act as a natural toothbrush. They are important in removing any bacteria that may be present in the mouth. Also, these fruits remove any food particles that may be left in the mouth. They are also useful in scrubbing any stain that may be on the surface of the teeth. 
Also, consider taking strawberries. They are known to contain a Malic acid enzyme which is important in removing any stains on the teeth surface thus whitening the teeth. While eating them, you should chew them thoroughly to ensure that they are brushing the teeth. Always brush and floss your teeth on a daily basis. 
Brushing and flossing your teeth regularly helps a lot in avoiding the formation of plaque. It is recommended that you should brush and floss at least twice a day. The time taken to brush the teeth may not mean much but it is the quality and how well you do it that matters. While brushing, ensure that u reach the surfaces that are behind your teeth as well as the back molars. The bottom line is removing any food particles and bacteria that may facilitate the formation of plaque. Use the oil pulling method. 
This method is quite common with the Indian community. It helps in improving their oral health and cleansing their bodies. For this method, it entails moving a tablespoon of oil in your mouth for a few minutes while pulling it in between your teeth. After about 20 minutes, spit the oil and clean your mouth using plenty of water. Doing this frequently can go a long way in whitening your teeth thus better oral health . Use of a mixture of baking soda and lemon. 
This method is used by so many people in whitening the teeth. The mixture has a reaction that often results in brighter teeth. However, you should be very careful in ensuring that the mixture doesn’t stay in your mouth for long without brushing as it will result in enamel erosion. 
By following the above natural home remedies, you can rest assured that you will have whiter teeth. Ensure practice these tips frequently. 
Author Bio: Karen Cole is working as a freelance writer from last 4 years. Currently, she is doing research on oral health and working with some dentists of USA . You might also like…",0
10812,"James Clapper: 1,934 US Persons Had Their Identities Unmasked in 2016 - Breitbart","Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Monday that 1, 934 U. S. persons had their identities unmasked in 2016 based on intelligence collected on foreign targets. [The revelation came during a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 elections.  He also revealed that he had requested the unmasking, or identity, of either Trump, his associates or members of Congress “once,” but said he could not discuss why in a public setting. Trump has asserted that the Obama administration had surveilled members of his campaign, and last month, it was revealed that Susan Rice had requested the unmasking of Trump transition team members. On Friday, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a 2016 presidential candidate, announced that he had been told by several sources that the Obama administration had unmasked his or his campaign members’ identities, and has requested more information from the Trump administration and the intelligence community on that. Chairman Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said prior to his subcommittee’s investigation on Russian interference in the election, he had not known a lot about unmasking, but that what he’s learned is “disturbing. ” Under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, communications of U. S. persons can be legally captured during surveillance of a foreign target. Since it is illegal to gather intelligence on U. S. persons without a warrant, their identities are masked when caught up in such surveillance, unless there is a request to unmask their identities for legitimate national security reasons. A private phone conversation that appears to have been intercepted in such surveillance between former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak was leaked to the Washington Post in a February 9 article. Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates during the hearing said she had notified White House Counsel Don McGahn of that conversation on January 26, but that she did not know who later leaked it to the Washington Post.",0
10813,Comey’s Clinton Foundation Connection,"Breitbart October 31, 2016 
WASHINGTON, D.C. — A review of FBI Director James Comey’s professional history and relationships shows that the Obama cabinet leader — now under fire for his handling of the investigation of Hillary Clinton — is deeply entrenched in the big-money cronyism culture of Washington, D.C. His personal and professional relationships — all undisclosed as he announced the Bureau would not prosecute Clinton — reinforce bipartisan concerns that he may have politicized the criminal probe. 
These concerns focus on millions of dollars that Comey accepted from a Clinton Foundation defense contractor, Comey’s former membership on a Clinton Foundation corporate partner’s board, and his surprising financial relationship with his brother Peter Comey, who works at the law firm that does the Clinton Foundation’s taxes. 
Lockheed Martin 
When President Obama nominated Comey to become FBI director in 2013, Comey promised the United States Senate that he would recuse himself on all cases involving former employers. 
But Comey earned $6 million in one year alone from Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin became a Clinton Foundation donor that very year. 
Comey served as deputy attorney general under John Ashcroft for two years of the Bush administration. When he left the Bush administration, he went directly to Lockheed Martin and became vice president, acting as a general counsel . 
How much money did James Comey make from Lockheed Martin in his last year with the company, which he left in 2010? More than $6 million in compensation . 
Lockheed Martin is a Clinton Foundation donor . The company admitted to becoming a Clinton Global Initiative member in 2010. 
According to records , Lockheed Martin is also a member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt, which paid Bill Clinton $250,000 to deliver a speech in 2010 . 
In 2010 , Lockheed Martin won 17 approvals for private contracts from the Hillary Clinton State Department. 
HSBC Holdings 
In 2013, Comey became a board member, a director, and a Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee member of the London bank HSBC Holdings. 
“Mr. Comey’s appointment will be for an initial three-year term which, subject to re-election by shareholders, will expire at the conclusion of the 2016 Annual General Meeting,” according to HSBC company records . 
HSBC Holdings and its various philanthropic branches routinely partner with the Clinton Foundation . For instance, HSBC Holdings has partnered with Deutsche Bank through the Clinton Foundation to “retrofit 1,500 to 2,500 housing units, primarily in the low- to moderate-income sector” in “New York City.” 
“Retrofitting” refers to a Green initiative to conserve energy in commercial housing units. Clinton Foundation records show that the Foundation projected “ $1 billion in financing ” for this Green initiative to conserve people’s energy in low-income housing units.",0
10814,EU Takes Centre Stage in ’Chaotic’ French Presidential Debate,"France’s future in the European Union was the main talking point for the country’s presidential candidates Tuesday night, in a   debate described as a “cacophony”. [All 11 people standing for the French presidency took part in the epic debate, including less well known candidates polling barely above one per cent.  Front National leader Marine Le Pen was able to paint herself as a moderate against the words of her smaller rivals, telling François Asselineau, president of the obscure Popular Republican Union, her position was “less brutal” than his policy of unilaterally withdrawing from the EU. Mr. Asselineau responded by accusing Ms. Le Pen of not really wanting ‘Frexit’ to which she responded: “The French will decide. ” The only candidate to passionately support the EU was independent Emmanuel Macron, Ms. Le Pen’s main rival for the presidency, who accused her of wanting to cause “economic war”. “What you are proposing, Ms. Le Pen, is a reduction in French people’s purchasing power, because for savers and for workers, withdrawing from the euro will be a reduction in spending power,” he said. The Front National leader accused Mr. Macron of pretending “to be something new when you are speaking like old fossils that are at least 50 years old”. French daily Le Figaro called the debate a “cacophony” as the 11 candidates shouted at and interrupted one another for four hours. The paper said things soon turned to confusion as the candidates debated “without much coherence” with different candidates seeming to ally with others and then oppose them later. Broadcaster France 24 also called the debate “more surreal than enlightening” and criticised the decision to allow all 11 candidates to debate. “The open contest on the BFM TV and CNEWS networks, while laudable in principle, was absurd in effect with so much on the line. And the top candidates, many of whom have been openly lukewarm about contesting a similar third broadcast on April 20, might be wise to stay away. ”",0
10815,Leaked Script Shows What Advisers Want Donald Trump to Say at Black Church - The New York Times,"DETROIT  —   Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church here on Saturday will be a major moment for a candidate with a history of offending the sensibilities of black Americans. His team was leaving nothing to chance. Instead of speaking to the congregation at Great Faith Ministries International, Mr. Trump had planned to be interviewed by its pastor in a session that would be closed to the public and the news media, with questions submitted in advance. And instead of letting Mr. Trump be his freewheeling self, his campaign prepared lengthy answers for the submitted questions, consulting black Republicans to make sure he says the right things. An   draft script obtained by The New York Times shows 12 questions that Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, the pastor, intends to ask Mr. Trump in the taped    session, as well as the responses Mr. Trump is being advised to give. The proposed answers were devised by aides working for the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, according to an official who has been involved in the planning but declined to be identified while speaking about confidential strategy. The document includes the exact wording of answers the aides are proposing for Mr. Trump to give to questions about police killings, racial tension and the perception among many black voters that he and the Republican Party are racist, among other topics. The official said the answers could change based on feedback from the black Republicans they are consulting with. After this article was published online Thursday night, Jason Miller, the senior communications adviser for the Trump campaign, said that Mr. Trump’s plans had changed and that he would address the congregation for five to 10 minutes after the interview. Mr. Trump will then visit neighborhoods with Ben Carson, a onetime campaign rival, who supports Mr. Trump and grew up in Detroit. “If you know anything about Mr. Trump, it’s that he will want the opportunity to take his vision and message of opportunity directly to the people on Saturday,” Mr. Miller said. It is not uncommon for a candidate to request interview questions in advance aides to Hillary Clinton do it from time to time. But it is unusual for a campaign to go so far as to prepare a script for a candidate’s own responses, and highlights the sensitivity of Mr. Trump’s first appearance at a black church. A series of slights, including his questioning of President Obama’s birth certificate, has not endeared him to black voters. The interview will air about a week later on the Impact Network, Bishop Jackson’s Christian cable TV channel. The official said several Trump aides would work with the network to edit the taped interview so that the final version reflected the campaign’s wishes. (On Thursday night, Mr. Miller said the campaign would not edit the interview.) The arrangements had angered several black Republicans, who urged Mr. Trump, widely seen as distant from the black community, to speak for at least 10 minutes at the service, the official involved in the planning said. The official added that the campaign had been uncomfortable with Mr. Trump’s speaking before the congregation and had insisted on a private interview. On Thursday night, the campaign said Mr. Trump would indeed address the congregation for a few minutes and would spend a   casually speaking with church members individually. Mr. Trump is well known for veering from prepared remarks or throwing them away entirely. That could happen on Saturday: Many of the answers being prepared for him do not sound much like Mr. Trump as his usual self. When asked about his vision for black Americans, the script suggests that Mr. Trump stay positive, advising that he use lines such as “If we are to make America great again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country” and “I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance. ” To a question submitted by Bishop Jackson about whether his campaign is racist, the script suggests that Mr. Trump avoid repeating the word, and instead speak about improving education and getting people off welfare and back to work. “The proof, as they say, will be in the pudding,” Mr. Trump is advised to say. “Coming into a community is meaningless unless we offer an alternative to the horrible progressive agenda that has perpetuated a permanent underclass in America. ” To the first question, “Are you a Christian and do you believe the Bible is an inspired word of God?” the scriptwriters have a response they hope will keep Mr. Trump from repeating previous stumbles when asked about his faith. “As I went through my life, things got busy with business, but my family kept me grounded to the truth and the word of God,” the script has Mr. Trump saying. “I treasure my relationship with my family, and through them, I have a strong faith enriched by an   God. ” Bishop Jackson said Thursday that he saw no problem with the campaign’s asking to screen his questions, and noted that in the past he had given advance text of prayers he planned to deliver at the White House. “We want this to be as peaceful as possible,” he said. “That’s what I promised would happen. I promised that: You are coming into a place to be interviewed and we don’t want anybody to be hurt or anybody to be misused, so that’s it. ” Of all the proposed answers, the most   might be his reply to the final question of the interview: What he would say to undecided black voters? “If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down,” Mr. Trump is directed to say, adding, “By the way, my support is now up to 8 percent and climbing. ”",0
10816,MN Health Officials Hide High School Active TB Case for Six Weeks,"A student or staff member at St. Louis Park High School in suburban Minneapolis, Minnesota, was diagnosed with active tuberculosis (TB) in late November, but Hennepin County Department of Health officials and St. Louis Park Public Schools officials concealed that information from the public until the second week of January, six weeks later. [“Some parents received letters in the mail Thursday saying their teenagers may have been exposed to an infectious disease,” WCCO reported.  “In late November, the school district was notified by the Hennepin County Department of Health that an individual at the high school had been diagnosed with active (TB),” St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Rob Metz wrote in a letter sent to parents of students dated January 11. The letter was sent in three languages: English, Spanish, and Somali. “By the time we were notified, the individual was receiving medical care and posed no further risk or exposure to the school,” Metz said. “The Tuberculosis experts at the Hennepin County Department of Health asked us to wait to communicate this information and arrange for the testing until they could determine who needed to be tested,” Metz admitted. The concealment of the diagnosis of active TB stands in marked contrast to the decision by Omaha Public School officials and Douglas County, Nebraska, public health officials, who in November, as soon as the diagnosis was confirmed, released to the public news that a student at Benson Magnet High School, where 18 percent of all students are refugees, had been diagnosed with active TB . Public health and public school officials in Rock Hill, South Carolina, also released news that a middle school student had been diagnosed with active TB in December during the first week of January. One public health expert was stunned by the failure of the Hennepin County Department of Health, the Minnesota Department of Health, and the St. Louis Park Public Schools to immediately inform the students, their parents, and staff members of the risk of TB to which they had been exposed. “The proper thing to do when an active case of TB is discovered is to notify and test contacts immediately,” Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, tells Breitbart News, adding, “If negative, they need to be tested again in about six weeks. One infected person can affect many. One that he infects can infect many, and soon you have exponential spread and an epidemic. In fact, close contacts of the known patient may have already been spreading disease, especially if they are all refugees that were living in crowded conditions. ” “Moreover,” Dr. Orient continued, “the fact that the individual is receiving care does not guarantee that he is not a risk. Has he had three negative sputum tests? Remember, it may take six weeks to be sure the organism is not going to grow. Is it sensitive to the prescribed drugs? Is the individual taking the drugs faithfully?” “Yes, I think this failure to follow standard public health procedures is stunning,” Orient concludes. St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Metz sent the late notice of the case of active TB to parents eight days after he announced he was resigning to become deputy director of a program called Building Assets, Reducing Risks that began at St. Louis Park High School. “The Building Assets, Reducing Risks position became a possibility after the center won a $20 million U. S. Department of Education grant to implement or expand the initiative in at least 116 schools nationally within the next five years,” the Sun Sailor reported: The federal government has already helped fund expansions of the Building Assets, Reducing Risks program to dozens of schools. The new funding will help the program expand to 50 additional schools across five states, according to the U. S. Department of Education. The Building Assets, Reducing Risks program began as a way for the St. Louis Park School District to help freshmen transition to high school. At the time, nearly half of St. Louis Park   students failed at least one class. Other risks on the rise then included higher rates of substance abuse, truancy and discipline referrals. Breitbart News contacted Metz and St. Louis Public Schools Board of Education Chairman Joe Tatalovich for comment but did not receive a response. As Breitbart News reported on January 9, 36 percent of all cases of active TB in Minnesota between 2012 and 2015, or 225 out of 610, were diagnosed in refugees resettled in the state by the federal government, the highest rate in any of the 46 states in which the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) obtains data. Refugees account for less than one percent of the state’s population of 5. 5 million, according to one estimate. Minnesota leads the country by far in one category of public health: refugee TB per capita. During the four years between 2012 and 2015, 4. 08 cases of refugee TB were diagnosed for every 100, 000 residents of the state. Nebraska trailed Minnesota in a very distant second, with 1. 26 cases of refugee TB diagnosed for every 100, 000 residents of the state during the same   period.   percent of all TB cases diagnosed in Minnesota in 2015, or 128 out of 150, were   19 percent higher than the national average of 66 percent.   percent of the 39, 669 refugees who have been resettled by the federal government in Minnesota since 2003, or 28, 831 out of 39, 669, arrived from five high TB burden countries: Somalia (16, 069) Burma (7, 975) Ethiopia (3, 399) Bhutan (1157) and the Democratic Republic of Congo (231) according to the Department of State. One hundred and   Somali refugees and 20 Ethiopian refugees have been resettled in the city of St. Louis Park, which had a population in 2015 of 48, 534. The state of Minnesota is home to the largest Somali community in the United States, most of whom live in the   Paul metropolitan area. In a presentation made to the St. Louis Park Multicultural Advisory Committee, Human Rights Commission, and Police Advisory Commission in August 2016, Minnesota State demographer Susan Brower reported the city’s 2015 population was 48, 354, and had grown slightly less than 1. 5 percent annually between 2010 and 2015. During the   period, 80 percent of the city’s population, or 37, 056 out of 46, 466, was white   according to Brower. Twenty percent of the city’s population during the   period, or 9, 400 out of 46, 466, were Populations of Color: 3, 329 were black 2, 052 were Latino 2, 051 were “ ” 1, 790 were Asian and 188 were American Indian, Brower reported. Neither the Hennepin County Health Department, the Minnesota Department of Health, nor the St. Louis Park School District disclosed whether the individual diagnosed with active TB was a   refugee, a   resident with a different original immigration entry status, or U. S. . St. Louis Park Public Schools did not respond to questions from Breitbart News as to the percentage of the 1, 400 students who attend St. Louis Park High School who are refugees. St. Louis Park High School employs two English Language Learner (ELL) teachers. The St. Louis Park Public Schools website states that “over 250 children [receive] ELL services” out of the district’s 4, 590 students ( ) about five percent of all enrolled students. “The school district says someone who had TB but was unaware was inside the building while contagious during the months of September, October and November. The school has about 1, 400 students,” WCCO reported. The testing of students for latent TB is voluntary and is planned to take place at the end of January. The TB bacteria is transmitted from a contagious individual with active TB to a healthy individual through air droplets from coughing, sneezing, or other methods of contact. Once the TB bacteria is in a person’s system, he has latent TB, which is neither active nor contagious, but which can develop into active contagious TB. Only four percent of the general population has latent TB.   residents of the United States, and refugees in particular, have a much higher rate of latent TB, ranging from 11 percent in Florida to 35 percent in Vermont.   percent of refugees arriving in Minnesota tested positive for latent TB in 2014. Ten percent of those who have latent TB in the general population develop active TB at some point. According to several recent medical studies, including one done in 2013 at the University of California at San Diego, refugee communities with high rates of latent TB experience a higher rate of activation than the general population. This difference may be due to the greater stresses placed on their immune systems. In that U. C. San Diego study, the problem was particularly acute among refugees from   Africa, primarily Somalis and Ethiopians: The prevalence of LTBI [latent tuberculosis infection] was highest among refugees from   Africa (43 percent) and was associated with current smoking and having a clinical comorbidity that increases the risk for active tuberculosis.   …     Although refugees from   Africa had the highest prevalence of infection, they were significantly less likely to initiate treatment than refugees from the Middle East. Refugees with postsecondary education were significantly more likely to initiate LTBI treatment. The study also showed that “public health strategies are needed to increase treatment rates among   refugees with LTBI. Particular attention is required among refugees from   Africa and those with less education. ” Breitbart News contacted the office of Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( ) the former county attorney for Hennepin County, for comment on the handling of the St. Louis Park High School active TB case by Minnesota officials, but did not receive a response. Klobuchar is up for   in 2018. In November,   Donald Trump lost the state of Minnesota to Hillary Clinton by 43, 785 votes, only 1. 5 percent of the more than 2. 7 million votes cast in the state. Before Trump’s electoral victory in November, Klobuchar’s seat was considered safe in 2018. Public concerns about health, security, and crime related to high levels of refugee resettlement, however, helped power Trump’s wins in the nearby states of Wisconsin and Michigan, and his    showing in Minnesota. There is no evidence that the individual diagnosed with active TB at St. Louis Park High School in November was either   or a   refugee. However, the six weeks concealment of the diagnosis from the public by Minnesota officials, combined with their failure to affirmatively declare whether the individual was   a   refugee, or U. S.  all serve to heighten public distrust of public officials in Minnesota and fuel   sentiment just as Klobuchar begins to prepare for her   campaign. Incumbent Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat, has said he will not run for   to a third term in 2018, so that race is less likely to be influenced by   sentiment.",0
10817,Washington’s Intent is Economic Destabilization and “Regime Change” In Venezuela,"By Stephen Lendman
Venezuela’s oil-dependent economy suffers greatly from low crude oil prices and US economic warfare – waged to destabilize the country, create enormous hardships, mobilize majority opposition to President Nicolas Maduro’s leadership, and end nearly 18 years of economic and social progress. The collapse in the price of crude oil was the result of a carefully designed speculative operation. 
Neocons in Washington want control over Venezuela’s vast oil reserves, among the world’s largest. With full US support and encouragement, the right wing opposition which controls the National Assembly want Maduros ousted – its latest tactic by recall referendum as constitutionally permitted. 
On October 18, Venezuela’s Supreme Court ruled valid signatures of 20% of voters in each of the nation’s 24 states must be collected to proceed with a process against Maduro.
“(F)ailure…will render the call for the presidential recall referendum as nullified,” the High Court said in its ruling.
On October 21, Venezuela’s National Electoral Council (CNE) suspended the referendum until further notice, following Supreme Court allegations of fraud. Over 30% of signatures collected had irregularities – including listing over 10,000 deceased persons.
A previous article explained how Venezuela’s recall referendum works. Article 72 of Venezuela’s Constitution states “(a)ll magistrates and other offices (including the president) filled by popular vote are subject to revocation.”
“Once half (their) term of office…has elapsed, 20% of (registered) voters (by petition may call for) a referendum to revoke such official’s mandate.”
“When a number of voters equal to or greater than the number of those who elected the official vote in favor of revocation (provided the total is 20% or more of registered voters), the official’s mandate shall be deemed revoked…”
Signatures collected must be verified for authenticity before proceeding further with the recall process. If achieved, it’ll be organized within 90 days. Removing Maduro requires support from more than the 50.6% of voters supporting his 2013 election.
Timing is important. If held by January 10, 2017, a new election will be called if Maduro loses. If things go against him after this date, Vice President Aristobulo Isturiz will serve as president until January 2019, when his term expires.
In response to CNE’s suspending the recall process, the factions controlling the National Assembly barely stopped short of urging coup d’etat action to remove Maduro forcefully.
Last Sunday, they said they’ll impeach him for “violating democracy.” The body has no legal standing after ignoring the Supreme Court’s October 18 ruling.
United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV) leader Hector Rodriguez mocked them, saying parties violating the “rules of the game come and talk about democracy…There will be no recall referendum in 2016 because of fraudulent signatures collected.”
Violent demonstrations may follow, similar to what occurred in 2014 – perhaps another US coup attempt.
On October 24, WaPo editors disgracefully headlined “How to derail Venezuela’s new dictatorship.” What followed was a disgraceful litany of misinformation, exaggeration and Big Lies.
WaPo: Maduro “made clear (he and his government are) prepared to shred what remained of the country’s constitutional order…(They) stripped the opposition-controlled national assembly of its powers, imprisoned several top leaders and tried to slow” the recall process.
Fact: Maduro and Venezuela’s CNE observe the letter of constitutional law. No opposition powers were “stripped.” Their imprisoned officials plotted to remove Maduro by coup d’etat.
Collecting fraudulent signatures “slow(ed)” the recall process, not administration officials.
WaPo: Opposition National Assembly members “issued a declaration saying Mr. Maduro had staged a coup. That is accurate – and it ought to provoke a consequential reaction from the United States and Venezuela’s Latin American neighbors.”
Fact: No Maduro “coup” occurred, nor is one in prospect. WaPo calling for “consequential” action sounds ominously like urging Washington to oust him forcefully.
WaPo: “The recall referendum the opposition was pursuing offered a democratic way out of what has become one of the worst political and humanitarian crises in Latin America’s modern history.”
Fact: US dirty tricks and economic manipulation leading to disruptions in the distribution of food, bear much responsibility for hard times in Venezuela. Real problems exist. Hunger isn’t one of them. WaPo lied claiming “(t)he vast majority of low-income families say they are having trouble obtaining food.”
Venezuelans changed their dietary practices because of the scarcity of commonly eaten foods, at times consuming less than earlier. Profiteers hoarding and diverting foodstuffs for resale are responsible, along with high inflation resulting economic manipulation.
WaPo: “(T)he United States should be coordinating tough international action.”
Fact: Neocon WaPo editors want Maduro toppled and replaced. Do they mean by coup d’etat by calling for “tough international action?”
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net . His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com . 
Source: Global Research 
",0
10818,"In Remote Settlement High on Tibetan Plateau, Buddhist Spirituality Soars - The New York Times","YARCHEN GAR, China  —   Even by the standards of the phenomenal sights of Tibet, Yarchen Gar is a wonder on the high plateau: thousands of ramshackle homes clustered on a remote peninsula at the bend of a river, each one the domicile of a nun who has come here to study Tibetan Buddhism. Residents estimate there are 10, 000 people here, almost all Tibetan with a handful of Han, the dominant ethnicity in China. The vast majority being women, this is one of the largest communities of nuns in the world  —   certainly the largest nun shantytown. In cramped buildings, many built by the residents, the nuns pray, meditate and sleep. On the higher west bank of the river are the homes of monks. Narrow wooden bridges connect the two areas. As with much of the region, Yarchen Gar is above 13, 000 feet. Winters are brutal here, but the days were still warm in October. Anyone can move freely along the edge of the settlement, where there are convenience stores run by nuns. One austere restaurant has large metal steamers of both bread and vegetarian dumplings sitting outside. People here do not eat meat. The monastery at the heart of Yarchen Gar, also called Yachen Gar, was founded in 1985 by Achuk Rinpoche, who followed the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism. The monastery’s focus was on meditation. At first, there were only a dozen disciples, but the number grew as his teachings spread. The homes are patchworks of boards and thin metal sheets, with the occasional piece of plastic tarp covering a part of the roof or walls. Narrow lanes wind among them. Depending on the wind, the air can be thick with the smell of undrained sewage. This is the   “gar,” which means monastic encampment in Tibetan. The largest, Larung Gar, in a valley to the northeast, has more monks than nuns. Workers there are now demolishing individual homes, on the orders of Chinese officials. Some clergy members are being forced to leave. At the top of the hill is a towering golden statue of Padmasambhava, also known as Guru Rinpoche, the Indian Buddhist master. To the north, eight white stupas and a wall mark a distant sky burial site, where human corpses are cut up in a funeral ritual and vultures feast on the remains.",0
10819,UKIP urge government to ‘do something’ about the supermoon,"November 14, 2016 
‘It’s clear the moon is making an attempt to enter the UK, illegally and under the cover of darkness,’ said a UKIP spokesman citing the UKIP science expert Douglas Carswell. ‘What other reason would it have for coming so close?’ 
The claim has been backed up by The Daily Mail that states there could be ‘up to one million immigrants’ hiding on the dark side, suggesting that a ladder made of Lego bricks would effect a sneaky and virtually undetectable access point that could be dismantled in a blink of an eye. 
Other newspapers are less confident about the claim, with the Daily Express noting it was ‘too distracted by the news that Princess Di is dead.’ Share this story... 
Posted: Nov 14th, 2016 by throngsman Click for more article by throngsman .. More Stories about: News In Brief 0",0
10820,Mother of American Held Hostage in Venezuela Hopeful Following Otto Warmbier Release - Breitbart,"The mother of an American man wrongfully imprisoned in Venezuela says she is hopeful the Trump administration may soon secure the release of her son after the return of    student Otto Warmbier to the United States this week from North Korea. [“[Warmbier’s release] means that the administration is working hard on these cases,” Laurie Holt told Fox News. “Anything they can do to further the process along would be great because if we don’t get him out soon, I don’t think we’ll see him alive again. ”  Holt’s comments come after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced that North Korean authorities had released Warmbier, despite having sentenced the student to 15 years of hard labor for “hostile acts” after stealing   propaganda signs from his hotel. Warmbier had reportedly fallen into a coma in March 2016, shortly after his arrest, and U. S. officials demand his release on humanitarian grounds, which Pyongyang conceded. In a press briefing on Wednesday, Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said that securing Warmbier’s release had been a “big priority for the president. ” Joshua Holt, a former Mormon missionary from Utah, was arrested in Venezuela last June along with his wife Thamara Caleño after officials claimed to have found a small weapons arsenal in their apartment. They remain imprisoned despite eyewitnesses revealing they had seen police planting the weapons beforehand. In December, Venezuelan authorities repeatedly denied Holt’s attorney the right to see him, as prosecutors pressed charges against him and Caleño for terrorism and illegal possession of arms. According to a report from the Miami Herald earlier this week, President Donald Trump has now taken a “personal interest” in his case. The report also noted that Holt has become “depressed and angry” in prison and “has no hope whatsoever that he will ever be free from there. ” Since entering the jail, Holt’s health has significantly deteriorated, having lost 50 pounds and developing kidney stones, bronchitis, and internal bleeding, with his family claiming his life is at risk. “The hardest part for me is that he told his    to tell me to go on with my life and forget about him because he feels like he is never going to get out,” Laurie Holt said. “But I’m not going to do that. ” She also says her son has been routinely tortured by Venezuelan authorities, who force him to perform gym exercises naked in the prison’s hallways, which required Holt to violate Mormon practices of modesty around others. Venezuela enjoys alliances with some of America’s most vocal enemies, including the rogue nations of North Korea and Iran, who have routinely imprisoned Americans in search of government ransoms. North Korea is currently holding three U. S. citizens following Warmbier’s release. Iran is holding at least two U. S. citizens, while a third disappeared in the country years ago. The Trump administration has prioritized securing the release of U. S. prisoners abroad. So far, at least two such detentions have successfully concluded: American businesswoman Sandy   who the Chinese government accused of spying, and Aya Hijazi, an American aid worker freed from Egypt after she was cleared of child abuse and human trafficking charges. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
10821,Trump Rockets to a 5.4% Lead Over Crooked Hillary Clinton [Video],"Leave a reply 
Bill Still – Good morning, I’m still reporting on the Daybreak Poll. 
Donald Trump has rocketed ahead to what the USC Daybreak poll’s creators define as an unstoppable lead of 5.4% this morning. Trump now leads Clinton 47.8% to 42.4% in this national tracking poll. And remember the methodology of this poll – it is a 7-day rolling average with over 3,004 participants. 
Trump – in a single day – jumped up 9/10s of a percent, while Clinton fell 9/10ths of a percent – a huge one-day swing of 1.8% – and that’s on top of yesterday’s 1.7% swing. In fact, in the last 9 days, Trump has risen 4 full points, while Clinton has lost 2.7% – a 6.7% swing. 
Both candidates – Trump on the topside, and Clinton on the bottom side of this chart – are now well outside of the “95% confidence interval”. 
According to the University of Southern California researchers running the ongoing Understanding America Study: “Figures lying outside the gray band mean that we are at least 95% confident that the candidate with the highest percentage will win the popular vote.” 
But in addition, the closer such a surge to election day, the more sure of that result we can be. There is now little doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote nationwide. 
Digging down into the numbers shows where the biggest surge lies. Trump now leads in all 3 age categories. With millennials, Trump now leads by 2.6%. Among the middle aged, Trump now leads by a whopping 5.2%. But in the 65 and over group, Trump’s lead has now widened to 9.6%. 
When sorted by education, Trump enjoys a huge 18.1% lead among those with a high school education or less. A landslide is defined as a 10-point lead. 
Among those with some college, Trump leads by 12.3%. 
Even among those with advanced degrees, Trump is closing the once-huge gap. Clinton still leads here in this demographically small group by 13.1%. 
When sorted by income, Clinton still leads among those making $35k or less by 17.8%. 
However, among the middle class – those with household incomes of between $35k and 75k, Trump leads by 15.9%. 
Among those making $75k or more, Trump leads by 11.4%. When sorted by ethnicity, Trump’s lead among whites continues to increase, now at 25.9%. 
This poll’s one blind spot continues to be among blacks. Although Trump made a .9% gain yesterday, Clinton still dominates with an 82.1% lead. 
In the “other ethnicity” group, Trump now leads by 9.2%. 
Among Latinos, Clinton still leads by 18.2%, however, Trump did increase by .6% points yesterday, while Clinton fell by .9 percent; a one-and-a-half percent swing. Among the ever-critical female vote, Trump closed the gap yesterday by 1.5%. Clinton’s lead has been cut to 8.5%. 
Among men, Trump increased his lead yesterday by a full 2 percentage points. He now leads Crooked Hillary by 19.8% among men – more than double Clinton’s lead with women. 
I’m still reporting from Washington. Good Day. SF Source Bill Still Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
10822,"What J. Dennis Hastert, Ex-House Speaker, Will Face in Prison - The New York Times","CHICAGO  —   When J. Dennis Hastert, a former House speaker, reports this week to a federal prison in Minnesota, he will receive a copy of the institution’s rules and regulations, an inmate identification card and a strict weekday schedule that includes periodic inmate counts, “pill lines” and 7:30 a. m. room inspections. Mr. Hastert, convicted of breaking financial rules in payoffs aimed at covering up sexual abuse, has been ordered to appear by Wednesday afternoon at the Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minn. to begin serving his   sentence. He will be known as Prisoner No.  . His lawyers had argued that Mr. Hastert, who is 74 and has had a stroke, a blood stream infection and a spinal infection over the past year, should have received probation. But the Rochester center  —   about 260 miles from Mr. Hastert’s home in Plano, Ill.  —   is equipped to deal with medical problems, according to an admission and orientation handbook for the prison. Mr. Hastert was sentenced in April during an intense hearing in a federal courtroom, where he publicly admitted for the first time to abusing high school wrestlers that he coached decades ago, and where he was confronted by one of his former wrestlers and sternly rebuked by the judge overseeing the case. Mr. Hastert, who coached wrestling from 1965 to 1981, was not charged with sexual abuse, and statutes of limitation on possible charges from those years had run out. Instead, Mr. Hastert was charged with violating a banking regulation in an effort to pay $3. 5 million to one victim, identified as Individual A  —   a scheme that, once it was uncovered, led to other stories of abuse from at least four such young men. The nation’s   Republican speaker, Mr. Hastert joins a long list of   politicians to face prison time, including Governors Rod R. Blagojevich and George Ryan and former Representatives Dan Rostenkowski, Jesse L. Jackson Jr. and Mel Reynolds. By one count, the area has had at least 1, 642 public corruption convictions since 1976. Mr. Hastert’s lawyer, Thomas C. Green, declined an interview request. It is uncertain how or precisely when Mr. Hastert will arrive at the prison, which includes 11 buildings on a   complex and houses 687 male inmates of all security levels. Mr. Hastert has stayed largely out of public view since his sentencing, when he appeared in a wheelchair amid a crush of news media. He is required to arrive by 2 p. m. Wednesday. By policy, the Bureau of Prisons will not address the circumstances of an individual like Mr. Hastert, who is not in custody. But according to a handbook for inmates, he will be issued standard clothing, laundry bags and bed linens. He can purchase items like toothpaste, reading glasses and candy from a commissary. The facility includes   housing as well as individual cells. Once he is released from prison, Mr. Hastert also faces two years of supervised release, which will bar him from communicating with the former wrestling team members in the case and from possessing a firearm. He will be required to participate in a treatment program for sex offenders.",0
10823,"Emma Watson Urges US Women to Consider Gender Equality Nov 8, Gets Massive Wake-Up Call on Facebook","Getty - Timothy A. Clary 
British actress Emma Watson is best known for her role as Hermione Granger in the “Harry Potter” movies, but in 2016, her career took a shift in a very different direction. 
Watson, who is a self-described feminist and activist, announced earlier this year she was taking the year off to study, while simultaneously working as a UN Ambassador in the gender-equality-focused “HeForShe” campaign. 
But the 26-year-old recently weighed in on American affairs on Facebook , explaining how the presidential election will affect the entire world : 
“At times, politics may seem disillusioning, filled with rhetoric and smokescreens. However, regardless of our personal beliefs, it can’t be denied that the result of the upcoming US presidential election will have ripple effects around the world and impact, in one way or another, the lives of millions and millions of people.” 
Watson continued by explaining how the United States is like her “second home,” having close friends that live in the U.S. She added that now, more than ever, she wishes she could vote: 
""We know one of the most reliable indicators of peace and prosperity, nationally and globally, is not a country's level of wealth, democracy, or ethno-religious identity; but how well its women and girls are treated (Sex and World Peace by Valerie Hudson). The next president will be able to make decisions about women, about their bodies, about how they are treated at work, on university campuses and at school, about how men treat women and about their rights as citizens . These decisions affect how young people form their ideas of gender. 
These decisions will affect whether we believe equality is an idea that matters."" Loading Facebook Post... 
She even defended the American men she knows well, saying they treat women the way they deserve to be treated, but stressed the issue shouldn't be “overlooked or brushed aside”: 
""In the last US election, 70 million women cast ballots versus 60 million men. Women, your vote could swing this election. Please go out and vote on the 8th of November. Read up on both sides of your state propositions (if you have any). 
You have real power to decide the future of generations to come."" 
Watson's letter undoubtedly had good intentions and amassed 144,000 “likes” on Facebook, but some Americans felt her message was incomplete. 
Carisa Schram, an American woman, argued about those voting for Hillary Clinton in the name of “gender equality”: 
“Just because she is a the female candidate doesn't mean she is the right female candidate. Her track record or the attempted erased record is appallingly despicable. The way she has treated women is absolutely deplorable. I could never vote for this woman and be able to sleep peacefully at night.” 
John Silk, also an American citizen, piled on the reasons why he wouldn't be voting for the female candidate: 
“So you think the woman running for office is a shining example of what the first woman American president should be? A person who cheated in order to win the nomination. A person who committed crimes others have been jailed for. A person running a proven corrupt organization? As a citizen of the US this is not who I want as the first female prez. You maybe but not Hillary. No woman should back her up if they truly support women's rights. Voting for her because she is a woman and ignoring her short comings is a travesty to our country.” 
Mason Frost commented : 
""I have to disagree with much of this post. 
For one, how well women and girls are treated is promoted over democracy. I agree with equality, but it shouldn't have any sort of cost to the democratic process. 
Also, there are many more issues than gender equality. That would not be the single basis of my vote. There are so many more factors: economy, immigration, national security, foreign relations, SCOTUS, protections of rights guaranteed by the Constitution, taxes, etc. 
If you ever cast a vote based on a single issue, you aren't properly carrying out your duty as an American."" 
Though Watson didn't mention either presidential candidate's name in her post, it was pretty clear to most that she's rooting for Clinton. 
According to Glamour UK , the actress spoke last month at the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan to promote the UN's HeForShe initiative. Watson celebrated the possibility of a first female president: 
“I don't know if I would have believed you if you had told me two years ago before I made my HeforShe speech that we might have the first female president of the United States.” Emma Watson talks 'excruciating' election: 'I wish I could cast a vote' // Easy enough, just walk across the border https://t.co/6P5e2ibzfR — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 26, 2016 
A recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll shows Clinton with a 20-point lead over Trump among female voters. ",0
10824,A Snooze-Worthy App Collection to Add to the Smartphone - The New York Times,"WITH smartphones, tablets and smart watches glowing and buzzing on our night stands, it’s no wonder that   sleep has become a public health problem.   apps for smartphones can help. One app that has given me good results is SleepBot (free on iOS and Android) which has provided insights into my sleeping habits and helped me work out the distractions and habits that seem to mar my sleep. As with many other sleep apps, you set an alarm time, then slide your phone under your pillow while keeping the phone plugged in to your charger so you don’t wake up to a drained battery. As you shift through various stages of sleep during the night, SleepBot logs your body’s moves. When it’s time for your alarm to go off, SleepBot waits until your phone’s sensors detect that you’re moving more, which means you are probably in a period of light sleep. Then it sets off your alarm. The idea is that if you wake up during lighter sleep you’ll avoid that grogginess that can happen when you awaken from deep sleep. Once you’re awake, the app displays statistics about how long you slept and shows a graph of how much you moved during sleep. The SleepBot app also listens to ambient noise levels and displays these as a chart. Once you’ve used the app regularly, you may be able to spot patterns that could help you understand why you sleep well, or badly. For example, I moved my bed away from the window after realizing that street noise appeared to affect my sleep. SleepBot’s options include setting alarm music from your phone’s library or using a soothing musical track built into the app. The app is occasionally a bit complicated, needing more steps than you may expect to change settings or create a new alarm. Pillow is a similar   app, with a clean minimalist interface, gesture controls and Apple Watch integration. The unfussy look of the app helps ease my mind as I set an alarm in the final moments before sleep. The app works for iPad and iPhone and tracks motion and sounds. It packs in many more features than SleepBot: You can export sound recordings, use it to take a power nap and log data about your daily habits that relate to sleep, like reading a book before bed. If you own an Apple Watch, Pillow uses the sensors in the Watch to record your sleep patterns no need to put your phone under your pillow. The app is excellent, though it’s  . The free version of the app is limited  —   it costs $5 to unlock the option to export audio and other features. Tracking your sleep is just one option to help you get better rest. I’ve also tried Pzizz, which generates audio files that blend gentle music,   meditation, natural sounds and spatial,   audio effects that are supposed to help you relax. Pzizz has an attractive interface, and it is soothing to listen to its jumble of sounds. But more than once, I’ve found myself paying too much attention to the app instead of sleeping. Pzizz is free on iOS and Android. The mySleepButton app has audio instructions that guide you through visualizing images as you lie in bed. Some of these seem odd (“a girl adjusting her ponytail” and “a child talking to Superman,” for example). This mix of mental images distracts your conscious brain while your body gets on with the natural process of drifting off to sleep. The mySleepButton interface is basic, and it comes with only a limited amount of free content on iOS and Android (new visualization modules cost $3 and up). But it’s an interesting way to try to go to sleep. Scientists disagree about best practices when it comes to sleep, and everyone is different, so consider these apps tools rather than solutions. And sleep tight. Viridi is part mindfulness app and part   game, but without the stress. The idea is that by tending and watering a digital garden full of   simulated succulent plants, you can achieve a   moment even during a difficult day. Viridi sounds weird, and in truth it is very unusual. But it’s beautiful, fun and soothing. Viridi is free on Android.",0
10825,Jared Kushner Speaks at White House Tech Summit - Breitbart,"White House senior advisor Jared Kushner spoke at the opening of the   tech summit, praising the private sector for coming to the White House to discuss policy and tech solutions. [The group would take on “some of the country’s biggest challenges” in government during the   meeting and promote changes to to make it function more effectively.  “Together we have set ambitious goals and empowered interagency teams to tackle our objectives,” he said. “It’s working and it’s very exciting. ” Kushner appeared eager to promote change in government, saying that he was warned that the federal bureaucracy would resist his efforts. “So far I have found exactly the opposite,” he explained. “Our goal here is simple. We are here to improve the day to day lives of the average citizen. That’s a core promise and we are keeping it,” he said. According to a White House official, the team will discuss a number of tech issues with the group of 18 different tech CEOs including cloud computing, cybersecurity, and big data. The team will also discuss government and private sector partnerships and   Visas.",0
10826,Why Tesla’s new solar tiles and home battery are a big deal,"We Are Change 

On October 28, Tesla unveiled its new solar roof tiles. Few of us in attendance, if any, realized the solar roofing tiles were actual functional solar panels until Elon Musk said so. Sure, it’s a neat trick, but what’s the big deal?
Why does it matter that Tesla is making a fashion statement when the point is green power and a future where we aren’t so dependent on fossil fuels?
I’ve heard from some people suggesting that this is nothing new, because of other similar previous projects, including Dow Chemical’s canned solar shingle project , for example. Others are wary of Tesla’s ability to sway consumers with a solar solution that sounds like it’ll still be quite expensive in terms of up-front (or, with payment plans, deferred but net) installation costs. Still others aren’t clear on Tesla’s goals with this product, or how it fits into the company’s overall strategy relative to its electric vehicles.
Looks matter It’s easy to dismiss the aesthetic import of how Tesla’s tiles look, but it’s actually important, and a real consideration for homeowners looking to build new homes or revamp their existing ones. The appearance of the tiles, which come in four distinct flavors (Textured Glass, Slate Glass, Tuscan Glass and Smooth Glass) is going to be a core consideration for prospective buyers, especially those at the top end of the addressable market with the disposable income available to do everything they can to ensure their home looks as good as it possibly can.
As with other kinds of technologies that are looking to make the leap from outlier oddity to mainstream mainstay, solar has a hurdle to leap in terms of customer perception. Existing solar designs, and even so-called attempts to make them more consistent with traditional offerings like the above-mentioned Dow Chemical project, leave a lot to be desired in terms of creating something that can be broadly described as good-looking.

It’s like the VR headset — Oculus and Google can make claims about their use of fabric making their headsets more approachable, but both are still just options somewhere along the curve of things with niche appeal. Neither is very likely to strike a truly broad audience of users as acceptable, and neither are solar panels that don’t succeed in completely disguising themselves as such.
Halo effects Tesla has been referred to as the Apple of the automotive world by more than a few analysts and members of the media, and if there’s one thing Apple does well, it’s capitalize on the so-called “halo effect.” This is the phenomenon whereby customers of one of its lines of business are likely to become customers of some of the others; iPhone buyers tend to often go on to own a Mac, for instance.
For Tesla, this represents an opportunity to jump-start its home solar business (which it’ll take on in earnest provided its planned acquisition of SolarCity goes through) through the knock-on effects of its brisk Tesla EV sales, including the tremendous pre-order interest for the Model 3. It’s strange to think of halo effects with big-ticket items, including vehicles and home energy systems, but Tesla’s fan base shares a lot of characteristics with Apple’s, and because they’re already purchasing at the level of an entire automobile, the frame of reference for what constitutes a valid halo purchase is actually appropriate.

Tesla, like Apple, scores well with customer satisfaction and brand commitment, and that’s something that no one trying to sell a solar home energy system at scale can match. As strange as it sounds, “buying a roof because you like your car” might be the new “buying a computer because you like your phone.”
Benefits beyond basic solar Tesla’s solar tiles claim to be able to power a standard home, and provide spare power via the new Powerwall 2 battery in case of inclement weather or other outages. Musk says that the overall cost will still be less than installing a regular old roof and paying the electric company for power from conventional sources. But Musk’s claims about the new benefits of the new solutions don’t end there.
Tesla’s tiles will actually be more resilient than traditional roofing materials, including terra-cotta, clay and slate tiles. That’s because of the toughness of the glass used in their construction, according to Musk, who demonstrated the results of heavy impact from above, using a kettlebell as you can see in the video below.
This should make them theoretically more resistant to potential damage from elements like hail, or even debris like fallen tree branches. In fact, Musk also said at the event that the roofs should far outlast the standard 20-year life cycle common for roofing materials used today — by as much as two or even three times. Fewer roof tile replacements means more value, provided that’s not already factored into his estimates of the up-front cost.
There’s also the possibility that the new tiles could become more efficient than existing solar panel options. Though in their current form, Musk says they achieve 98 percent of the efficiency of regular panels. He said that the company is working with 3M on coatings that could help light enter the panel and then refract within, letting it capture even more of the potential energy it carries to translate that into consumable power.
A new kind of ecosystem The announcement of Tesla’s solar tiles does not guarantee a sweeping solar power revolution; far from it, since Tesla says it won’t start installing the product in any consumer homes until next year, and a lot can happen between now and then. But Musk also said with full confidence that he ultimately expects the Powerwall to outsell Tesla cars, and easily so.
Solar roofing, Powerwall and Tesla cars taken together represent a new kind of ecosystem in consumer tech, one that carries a promise of self-sufficiency in addition to ecological benefits. Tesla has already tipped its hand with respect to how it intends to make vehicle ownership a revenue generator for its drivers, rather than a cost center. You can see how it might eventually do the same for solar power using solar tile roofs combined with Powerwalls installed in series, giving homeowners surplus power generation and storage with a few different potential options for monetizing the excess (including, say, acting as a supercharger station for other Teslas, or selling back to the grid).
It’s tempting to look at Tesla’s unveiling last week and think that it’s more of an incremental development in the home solar industry. But it’s more likely a step toward a future where individuals have more direct control over power generation, leading to a big difference in how we think about renewable energy.
Source; https://techcrunch.com/2016/10/31/why-teslas-new-solar-roof-tiles-and-home-battery-are-such-a-big-deal/# 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Why Tesla’s new solar tiles and home battery are a big deal appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
10827,The Danger of War From a Declining Hegemon,"Is a war in the making — a third world war?
If there is much talk about such a possibility, it is mainly because of the tensions between the United States and Russia. Tensions between the two most powerful nuclear states in the world have never been this high since the end of the Cold War in 1989 and the demise of the Soviet Union in 1991.
There are at least two flash points, one more dangerous than the other. In Eastern Ukraine, Russian backed rebels will not surrender to the US supported regime in Kiev because they see US control over Ukraine as part of a much larger agenda to expand NATO power to the very borders of Russia. This has been happening for some years now.
But it is the Washington-Moscow confrontation in Allepo, Syria which portends to a huge conflagration. The US is protective of major militant groups such as Al-Nusra which has besieged Eastern Allepo and is seeking to overthrow the Bashar al-Assad government. Washington has also set its sight on ‘regime change’ in Damascus ever since the latter’s determined resistance to Israeli occupation of the strategic Golan Heights in Syria from 1967 onwards.
The drive for regime change intensified with the US-Israeli quest for a “new Middle East” following the Anglo-American invasion and occupation of Iraq in 2003. It became more pronounced in 2009 when Bashar al-Assad rejected a proposal to allow a gas pipe-line from Qatar to Europe to pass through his country, a pipe-line which would have reduced Europe’s dependence upon Russia for gas. Russia of course has been a long-standing ally of Syria. Together with Iran and the Lebanese Hezbollah, it is helping the Syrian government to break the siege of Eastern Allepo and to defeat militants in other parts of Syria.
It is obvious that in both instances, in Ukraine and Syria, the US has not been able to achieve what it wants. The US has also been stymied in Southeast Asia where its attempt to re-assert its power through its 2010 ‘Pivot to Asia’ policy has suffered a serious setback as a result of the decision of the new president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, to pursue an independent foreign policy that no longer adheres blindly to US interests. At the same time, China continues to expand and enhance its economic strength in Asia and the world through its One Belt One Road (OBOR) projects and the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and via its leadership of BRICS. China’s regional and global economic role is leading to its pronounced presence in security and military matters. As a result of all this, the US’s imperial power has clearly diminished. It is a hegemon in decline.
It is because it is not prepared to accept its decline that some US generals are threatening to demonstrate US’s military might. If a hegemon is a danger to humankind when it is at its pinnacle, it becomes an even greater threat to peace when its power is diminishing. Like a wounded tiger, it becomes even more furious and ferocious. A new US president may be inclined to give vent to this frustration through an arrogant display of military power.
How can we check such wanton arrogance? There will be elements in the elite stratum of US society itself who would be opposed to the US going to war. We saw a bit of this in 2013 when those who were itching to launch military strikes against Syria based upon dubious “evidence” of the government’s use of chemical weapons were thwarted by others with a saner view of the consequences of war. It is also important to observe that none of the US’s major allies in Europe wants a war. Burdened by severe challenges related to the economy and migration, the governments know that their citizens will reject any move towards war either on the borders of Russia or in Syria and West Asia.
This also suggests that a self-absorbed European citizenry may not have the enthusiasm to mobilise against an imminent war. Let us not forget that it was in European cities from London to Berlin that the biggest demonstrations against the war in Iraq took place in 2003. Anti-war protests will have to be initiated elsewhere this time.
Governments in Moscow and Beijing, in Tehran and Jakarta, in Pretoria and La Paz, should come out openly against war. They should encourage other governments in the Global South and the Global North to denounce any move towards a war that will engulf the whole of humanity. Citizens all over the world should condemn war through a variety of strategies ranging from signature campaigns and letters to the media to public rallies and street demonstrations.
In this campaign against an imminent war, the media, both conventional and alternative, will have a huge role to play. It is unfortunate that well-known media outlets in the West have supported war in the past. It is time that they atone for their sins!
 ",0
10828,State Attorney General Orders Trump Foundation to Cease Raising Money in New York - The New York Times,"The office of the New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, has issued a “notice of violation” to Donald J. Trump’s foundation, ordering it to immediately stop soliciting charitable donations in the state. The letter, which was sent on Friday and released on Monday morning by Mr. Schneiderman’s office, said its charities bureau had determined that the Donald J. Trump Foundation had been   in New York this year when it was not registered to do so under state law. “The Trump Foundation must immediately cease soliciting contributions or engaging in any other   activities in New York,” wrote James Sheehan, the chief of the charities bureau. Mr. Trump’s foundation has come under increasing scrutiny amid questions about his fulfillment of large charitable pledges and his lack of financial support in recent years. The foundation’s compliance with the rules that govern nonprofit groups has also been a concern. The New York Times reported last month that Mr. Trump’s foundation does not show up on the charity registers in many states, and The Washington Post subsequently reported that the foundation did not have the certification necessary to solicit money in New York. “While we remain very concerned about the political motives behind A. G. Schneiderman’s investigation, the Trump Foundation nevertheless intends to cooperate fully with the investigation,” Hope Hicks, Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, said in a statement on Monday. “Because this is an ongoing legal matter, the Trump Foundation will not comment further at this time. ” Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, has previously deflected criticism about his charitable giving, saying that he makes contributions personally and that he has been supportive of his foundation. Mr. Schneiderman’s office is investigating Mr. Trump’s foundation to determine if it is in compliance with state laws, including how it spends its money and courts donations. The attorney general’s office was particularly interested in a   held by Mr. Trump this year to benefit veterans in lieu of attending a Republican primary debate. The event raised $5. 6 million, including some money from wealthy donors, and the Trump Foundation said $1. 67 million had come from online donations. The foundation did not break down the sources by state. Over the years, Mr. Trump has donated $5. 4 million to his charity, according to the organization’s tax filings. But the last of those contributions was in 2008, and in recent years, the foundation’s coffers have been filled by outside donors  —   including organizations and people in New York. (The foundation’s most recently available filing was for 2014.) From 2009 to 2014, the foundation raised $4. 36 million, with $2. 5 million from New Yorkers, records show. State rules require nonprofits raising more than $25, 000 a year in New York to register and file audited financial statements and annual financial reports to the attorney general’s charities bureau. In the letter, Mr. Schneiderman’s office provided notice to Mr. Trump’s foundation that it must provide those financial documents within 15 days. It also must file any “delinquent reports” for past years within that time frame. “The failure immediately to discontinue solicitation and to file information and reports” with the charities bureau, Mr. Sheehan said, “shall be deemed a fraud upon the people of the state of New York. ” Mr. Schneiderman, a Democrat and a supporter of Mr. Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, has also asserted in a separate pending case that Mr. Trump defrauded students who participated in Trump University, his   educational program.",0
10829,It’s Official: California Becomes First U.S. State To Ban Plastic Bags,"By Amanda Froelich 25 million single-use plastic bags are discarded every day in California. This new law aims to benefit the environment and all wildlife. In July of 2015, Hawaii made headlines... ",0
10830,"35 Years Later, Sister in Durst Case Is Still Looking for Answers - The New York Times","Mary McCormack Hughes has a vivid recollection of the phone call she got 35 years ago this week from Robert Durst, her   . “Have you seen Kathie?” he asked. Kathie was Kathleen Durst, Ms. Hughes’s younger sister, who at 29 was in the final months of medical school. Her marriage to Mr. Durst, the eccentric scion of a prominent New York real estate family, had splintered under Mr. Durst’s efforts to control her, repeated rounds of quarreling and, finally, violence. No, Ms. Hughes, said she had responded, but I’ve been meaning to talk to you about Kathie. Mr. Durst cut her off, saying he was going to the police, and abruptly ended the call, she said. Ms. Hughes remembers that as she hung up the phone in her East Side apartment that February evening in 1982, she turned to her husband, Tom Hughes, and said, “I think he killed her. ” Today, Mr. Durst, 73, sits in Los Angeles County Jail awaiting trial on a charge of murder  —   not of Kathie, but of Susan Berman, a confidante who, investigators say, knew his secrets and shielded him from newspaper reporters after his wife vanished. John Lewin, a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles, claims that Mr. Durst shot Ms. Berman in the back of her head at her Los Angeles home in December 2000, fearing that she would cooperate with a newly revived investigation into Ms. Durst’s disappearance. Mr. Durst was never charged with his wife’s killing, nor was anyone else. (Ms. Durst’s body has never been recovered.) He and his battery of lawyers have insisted that he did not kill Ms. Berman and does not know what happened to his first wife. Ms. Hughes has not paid much attention to events in Los Angeles. “I think it’s going to be a disaster,” she said, with bitterness, of the coming trial during her first interview in more than three decades, at an Upper East Side apartment building where her sister once lived with Mr. Durst. A large photograph of Kathie Durst dressed in an Annie   dress and a   hat from the Wild West hung over the fireplace. “Hollywood and publicity,” Ms. Hughes said. “They’re not really interested in my sister  —   they’re interested in Bob. I just want to find out what happened to my sister. ” The obsession nearly destroyed her. Kathie was the youngest daughter and the fifth child of a telephone company representative, who died in 1966, and a working mother. After graduating from high school in New Hyde Park on Long Island, Kathie trained as a dental hygienist and moved to a building owned by the Durst family on the East Side of Manhattan. Mr. Durst oversaw the building and when the two met, there was an instant attraction. “It was a mutual attraction, a chemistry,” Ms. Hughes recalled. “He had a magnetism. Kathie had the same thing. ” The Hugheses liked Mr. Durst when he started dating Kathie, then 19, in early 1971. He was nine years older and from another world. His father, Seymour Durst, presided over a Manhattan real estate company whose towers formed the skyline. The Dursts were low key, not the stereotypical    developers. For a while, Ms. Hughes said, her sister was unaware just how wealthy the Durst family was. After their second date, Mr. Durst asked Kathie to move with him to Vermont to run a health food store. But after a short time in Vermont, the couple returned to New York, and Mr. Durst resumed working at the family real estate business. They were married in a private ceremony on his birthday, April 12, in 1973. The couple partied at Studio 54, the   disco that was a haunt for celebrities and others. They sailed on the Mediterranean Sea and traveled to Thailand. Bob and Kathie socialized with Mary and Tom, even buying a racehorse together from a friend who was a breeder. “He heard it was a tax deduction,” Tom Hughes said. “I think he liked that part of it. ” But the Dursts’ relationship took a dark turn after 1976, when Mr. Durst forced his wife to have an abortion. He didn’t want children she did. “That’s when it went south,” Mr. Hughes said. Ms. Durst sought independence, enrolling in nursing school in Danbury, Conn. The couple bought a cottage nearby, on Lake Truesdale in South Salem, N. Y. in northern Westchester County, but also had a   on Riverside Drive in Manhattan and rented an apartment on the East Side. After graduating from nursing school, Ms. Durst immediately started medical school at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx, hoping to become a pediatrician. “She was excited to be a medical student,” recalled a classmate, Dr. Alicia  . “She worked hard. She always took a seat in the front row and took notes. ” By 1980, the couple quarreled frequently, Ms. Hughes said, adding that her sister often called her with accounts of their latest fight. Ms. Durst contacted a divorce lawyer. She gathered damaging material about her husband and the Durst family, she told friends and her sister. Mr. Durst has long acknowledged his marijuana use, and his wife used cocaine, according to friends and members of her family. Both had affairs, his and her friends and relatives say. Mr. Durst, they say, cut off her credit cards to keep her close. “Bob’s possessiveness was escalating into physical violence,” said a nursing school classmate of Ms. Durst’s, Eleanor Joy Schwank, during an interview in 2000. “I never witnessed it, but Kathie would call me saying, ‘Bobby is really violent. ’” Mr. Durst, impatient to leave a McCormack family gathering, yanked his wife’s hair, shocking her family, Ms. Hughes said. On another occasion, he stormed into their East Side apartment, where Ms. Durst was talking with friends, and kicked an acquaintance in the face. The man later settled a lawsuit over the episode with Mr. Durst. Three weeks before Ms. Durst disappeared, she was treated at Jacobi Medical Center in the Bronx for bruises she suffered during an argument with her husband, according to several friends and medical records later recovered by investigators. Ms. Durst told her sister, her friends and virtually anyone who would listen, “If anything happens to me, don’t let Bob get away with it. ” Geraldine McInerney, a friend of Ms. Hughes’s, said she had met Ms. Durst at the couple’s East Side apartment on Jan. 29, 1982. Ms. Durst wanted someone she knew to sublet the apartment so that if “the situation between her and Durst became too threatening, she would have an alternative place to stay,” Ms. McInerney said in a 1983 affidavit. It was the last time Ms. McInerney saw her. A week later, Mr. Durst walked into a Manhattan police station to file a missing person’s report. He carried a copy of New York magazine with his father’s picture and the headline “The Men Who Own New York. ” Mr. Durst told the police that he had put his wife on a train to Manhattan from Westchester County on Sunday night so that she could attend school the next day. He said he had later spoken to her by phone, after she arrived at their Riverside Drive  . Soon, the story was splashed across New York’s tabloids. Mr. Durst, who hired detectives and offered a reward, told his family, friends and the police that his wife might have run away with a drug dealer. Her family found that implausible, since she was only months away from graduating. “She always wanted to take care of children,” Mr. Hughes said. Decades later, in an interview with the producers of the   HBO documentary “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst,” Mr. Durst acknowledged that much of what he had told the police was a lie. Why did he lie? “I wanted them to leave me alone,” he explained to Mr. Lewin, the Los Angeles prosecutor, during an interrogation after his 2015 arrest in New Orleans on gun charges. “I wasn’t used to somebody questioning my veracity. ” Frustrated by what they regarded as a desultory investigation by New York City detectives, Ms. Hughes and a small band of friends became amateur sleuths, tracking sightings of her sister and Mr. Durst and scouring phone records. By March 1982, they were making furtive   visits to what they believed was the scene of the crime, the stone cottage at the edge of Lake Truesdale. On one trip, Mr. Hughes found an ominous list in Mr. Durst’s handwriting in a garbage can: “town dump, bridge, dig, boat” and “shovel. ” They found Ms. Durst’s diamond earrings in her drawer at the Riverside Drive apartment, which Mr. Durst had told the police she was wearing when she disappeared. To this day, Ms. Hughes is shocked that New York City detectives never searched the cottage. Ms. Hughes and Ms. McInerney pored over pages and pages of phone records from the cottage, the apartments and the Durst Organization that they had gotten from the detectives. Night after night, the two women matched the phone numbers to names until they discovered that Mr. Durst had made collect calls to his family’s business from Ship Bottom, N. J. shortly after his wife vanished. The calls, coupled with the list of words, led them to suspect that Ms. Durst might be buried somewhere in the nearby Pine Barrens of New Jersey. Ms. Hughes and Ms. McInerney borrowed a car and drove the investigating detectives down to Ship Bottom. But the detectives seemed uninterested, Ms. Hughes said, and the case was no longer generating headlines. Mr. Durst was not charged with any crime. Ms. Hughes and her family wrestled with Mr. Durst in Surrogate’s Court for control of Ms. Durst’s estate, but suffered another defeat in 1983. “I was just so fed up,” Ms. Hughes said. “I broke down. I couldn’t do it anymore. ” For a long time, she refused to drive a car or even leave her apartment. She focused on her two daughters, whom she had long neglected. In the end, Ms. Hughes was left without answers as to her sister’s fate. But she never lost her conviction about Mr. Durst’s culpability. Ms. Hughes, her husband and Ms. McInerney cooperated with an investigation into Ms. Durst’s disappearance that was started in 2000 by an enterprising State Police investigator, Joe Becerra, only to be disappointed again when the local district attorney did not indict Mr. Durst. In recent years, Ms. Hughes and other members of her family have gone back to Surrogate’s Court to fight Mr. Durst and to have her sister declared dead as of Jan. 31, 1982. Their mother, Ann McCormack, died in May at 102, without knowing what happened to Kathie. “It’s absurd that after 35 years New York has not charged him with murder,” Robert Abrams, whose law firm, Abrams Fensterman, is representing Ms. Durst’s family, said of Mr. Durst. “If they’re not going to do it criminally, we’ll do it civilly. ” Whatever happens in Los Angeles, Mr. Durst will return to federal prison to serve the remaining time on a   gun conviction. “We want some sort of peace, some answers as to where she’s at,” Ms. Hughes said. “Why couldn’t he just tell us? He has nothing to lose. He’s going to stay in jail. ”",0
10832,Post Election Blues: 2016 NFL Numbers Significantly Down From Last Year - Breitbart,"The NFL and certain sports networks would like you to believe that the 2016 election was the reason for the serious downtick in viewer participation, yet   data doesn’t really support this premise. [In fairness to the NFL, a bounce in ratings occurred after the election ended in early November. In fact, ratings of the “average game,” as reported by Awful Announcing, increased by 14%. This represents the biggest   jump since 2007 when ratings showed a 9% increase after the election.  Those numbers look quite impressive. However, when you compare viewership numbers after this year’s election against last year’s 2015 NFL season numbers during the same period of time, per game viewership declined by approximately 4 percent from 19. 24 million viewers in 2015 to this year’s 18. 43 million. Quick arithmetic calculates the NFL lost over 800, 000 viewers since last year during the same period. Many have speculated that Colin Kaepernick and others who kneeled during the national anthem may have contributed to the fans deciding to clean the garage or take the kids to the park rather than tune in to the game. According to a   poll, 29 percent of NFL fans turned their TVs off or watched something else during game time. Moreover, four out of ten of those tuning out blame Kaepernick’s protests as the reason. In the final analysis, the elections had their effect on viewership, but not the impact the NFL would like to believe.",0
10833,Hackers Trawl User Data in Hopes a Small Target Will Lead to a Big One - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   In disclosing that at least 500 million of its user accounts had been hacked, Yahoo blamed an unnamed “  actor” for the intrusion. While Yahoo customers were caught by surprise, officials in Washington were not. For more than a year, they had been getting warnings from threat researchers that hackers were targeting their personal Yahoo email. Even the accounts of their friends and family were in the cross hairs. These days, intelligence and security experts say, nearly anyone can be the target of   hackers. By perusing the personal accounts of people with even the thinnest thread of a connection to power, hackers can unearth the occasional gold nugget, like the   Democratic operative whose private email correspondence, published online by hackers on Thursday, detailed the movements of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Hillary Clinton and what appears to be Michelle Obama’s passport. This expanded hacking strategy presents a new challenge: While   material is usually kept in more secure computer systems, it is hard  —   if not impossible  —   to predict what information people are exchanging in personal email accounts. And it is even harder to know if hacking into one person’s account can set off a cascading chain of events that could lead foreign spies to more useful information. In 2014, Yahoo also investigated attacks by Russian hackers that targeted dozens of private Yahoo accounts, one person with knowledge of Yahoo’s investigation said, but it is not yet clear whether the same hackers were behind the larger hack. “The Yahoo attack alone may not make sense, but when you combine the stolen data from Yahoo with other stolen data sets, it makes a lot more sense,” said Sean Kanuck, the former national intelligence officer for online security issues at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Hackers working on behalf of governments can match stolen Yahoo account data with their own material or information available on the criminal underground and published on the website WikiLeaks for a variety of purposes, Mr. Kanuck and other intelligence officials say. At this point, they’d have a lot to work with. In the two years since Yahoo believes the hackers first penetrated its network,   hackers have stolen tens of millions of records from the insurance companies Anthem and Premera Blue Cross, including Social Security numbers, health records, birth dates, addresses, emails, passwords and employment information  —   basically, everything you’d need to know about a person. Hackers amassed a vast collection of security clearance records, even fingerprints, in a yearlong hacking of the United States Office of Personnel Management. They have breached law firms and accounting firms, and last year they even made off with flight records for millions of United Airlines passengers. It may sound like a crazy collection of unrelated information. But it is not that difficult to make connections among seemingly random bits of information using   technology. Just as a corporation may use big data to figure out what a consumer might buy based on their past purchases, a spy agency can use big data to make connections to useful intelligence. A Palo Alto, Calif. company named Palantir sells this technology to American intelligence agencies, allowing them, for example, to match travel records and personal data to identify possible terrorists. So while Yahoo’s announcement on Thursday that   hackers  —   the company did not say what country it believes they are working for  —   had made off with more than 500 million customers’ personal records was stunning to many, intelligence officials say it can be seen as just the latest step in an escalating   digital warfare campaign. “A lot of people overlook why some of these seemingly purposeless breaches matter,” said Mr. Kanuck. Intelligence services could use this information for a range of things  —   some trivial and some intrusive. They could match international flights taken by their own officials with those taken by American personnel to the same cities at the same time. They could comb the user names and emails released in a hacking of Ashley Madison, the online affairs site that was breached last year, with the personal Yahoo accounts of government officials and contractors or their spouses, and leak that information online or use it for blackmail. And they can use the most intimate details of people’s lives  —   their medical records  —   to undercut the reputations of prominent American athletes, as Russian hackers did in a release of medical records stolen from the World   Agency that belonged to the gymnast Simone Biles, the tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams and other Olympic athletes. The biggest worry, Mr. Kanuck and other American intelligence officials say, is the impact these data thefts can have on global politics. James. R. Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, warned Senate officials earlier this year that Russia was escalating its espionage campaigns against United States targets. “Russia continues to take information warfare to a new level, working to fan  . S. and   sentiment both within Russia and globally,” Mr. Clapper said in his annual worldwide threat briefing in February. Intelligence officials and private security researchers say it’s not just prominent United States government officials that Russian hackers are after. It’s their spouses, staff members, lawyers, accountants and business partners, who may not have the same level of security on their data and communications. “In the past year, we’ve seen personal webmail accounts and social network accounts specifically being targeted by Russian, Chinese and Iranian espionage operators, on several occasions,” said John Hultquist, an espionage analysis manager at FireEye, the security software company. “That’s where some of the most sensitive conversations take place, and hacking private accounts leaves a much lighter footprint. ” One of the most adept at this approach, Mr. Hultquist and other security researchers say, has been a Russian intelligence hacking group alternately known in the security and intelligence community as APT28, Fancy Bear or Pawn Storm. The group regularly uses the compromised personal webmail accounts of staff members, spouses and their colleagues as tools to glean more information on   government targets. In just the last few months, the group has been blamed for attacks on the Democratic National Committee, the White House and the World   Agency. Going back to last year, the Russian group also has been trying to break into the online accounts of 2, 600 members of the Washington elite  —   lobbyists, journalists, officials, contractors and even their spouses, according to private security researchers at Trend Micro, the global security company, who briefed intelligence agencies on the hacking. Among the Russians’ targets were Colin L. Powell, the former secretary of state, whose personal emails caused a sensation when they were leaked online last week, according to people with knowledge of the briefing who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “This is the new normal,” said Tom Kellermann, one of the security experts who briefed intelligence officials last year in his former role as chief security officer at Trend Micro. “It’s not just the usual targets who are being hunted. It’s their spouses. ” Mr. Kanuck said no one should be shocked that this is going on. “Every prominent person in Washington, every publicly known intelligence official, congressman and significant staffer should presume they have been targeted,” Mr. Kanuck said. “You’d be a fool not to think that’s the case. ”",0
10834,Report: Facebook Gives Employees Permission to Skip Work to Protest Trump on May 1st - Breitbart,"Facebook has reportedly stated that employees that leave work on May 1st to protest Donald Trump’s immigration policies will not be punished by the company. [Bloomberg reports that Facebook staff have been given the green light by their employer to participate in protests on May 1st. The company also stated in their internal announcement that they will investigate any contractors on Facebook grounds, such as security workers or shuttle bus drivers, that illegally crack down on their employees’ right to protest.  “At Facebook, we’re committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where employees feel comfortable expressing their opinions and speaking up,” a spokesman wrote in a statement. “We support our people in recognizing International Workers’ Day and other efforts to raise awareness for safe and equitable employment conditions. ” Derecka Mehrens, the   of Silicon Valley Rising, a union initiative for tech workers, stated, “It’s important not just to the engineers and   holders that are traditionally thought of as the immigrants in tech but also to folks who are subcontracted but work    on those campuses. Immigrants play a critical role in the tech sector  —   both as engineers and coders but also in keeping tech campuses running smoothly. ” Many tech companies in Silicon Valley have been vocal opponents of President Trump since his election. Companies such as Google held protests across their campuses where they attacked President Trump’s temporary immigration halt. CEO Sunar Pichai spoke to the crowd about the difficulties that the company faces attempting to deal with the visa complications many of their foreign employees encountered, thanking all those who appeared at the march. “Every step, I felt the support of 65, 000 people behind me,” he said. “There are some values that you should never be compromising on, we need to stand together. The fight will continue. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
10835,"Voters in Arkansas, North Dakota Legalize Medical Marijuana Despite Federal Prohibition","By Mike Maharrey Voters in North Dakota and Arkansas have approved ballot measures legalizing medical marijuana, taking a first step toward nullifying the unconstitutional federal prohibition of... ",0
10836,Obama Education Rules Are Swept Aside by Congress - The New York Times,"With all the attention paid to President Trump’s   secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, and her advocacy for private school vouchers, little public notice has been paid to the action on education in Congress  —   where lawmakers have broader power than Ms. DeVos to make changes to the nation’s school system. Now, Congress has done exactly that, voting to repeal crucial regulations associated with the Every Student Succeeds Act, one of President Barack Obama’s final legislative achievements. When Mr. Obama signed the act in December 2015, many Democrats and Republicans alike celebrated the supposed end of what they saw as an era of federal overreach into local schools. The measure, known as ESSA, took a more collaborative approach than its predecessor, No Child Left Behind. Many critics viewed No Child, passed under President George W. Bush, as well as Mr. Obama’s   education policies, as punitive. The policies pushed for test scores to be used to remove underperforming teachers and to shut down struggling schools. They were also unpopular because they led to an explosion in the number of tests students took each year. Under the Every Student Succeeds Act, children still have to take standardized tests in math, reading and science, and schools still need to report on the progress of   groups, like disabled students, nonwhite students and those learning English. But fewer consequences are now tied to low test scores and more emphasis is placed on holding schools accountable for providing access to advanced classes and for reducing student suspension rates. In addition, states are now able to come up with their own plans for how to intervene in failing schools. Mr. Obama called the bill a bipartisan “Christmas miracle. ” The National Council of La Raza, a   organization, gave ESSA’s two Senate   Patty Murray of Washington, a Democrat, and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, a Republican, an award for their work on behalf of students learning English. The two appeared together to accept the honor, each praising the other’s collaboration. It took less than a year for that bipartisan consensus to fall apart. It is customary for federal agencies to issue detailed regulations on how new laws should be put into effect, and Mr. Obama’s Department of Education did so in November. But some lawmakers from both parties saw the regulations as unusually aggressive and   and said they could subvert ESSA’s intent of   local control over education and decreasing the emphasis on testing. Last month, the House of Representatives overturned a broad swath of the rules using the Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to spike federal regulations. The Senate passed a similar resolution on Thursday, and President Trump has indicated that he will sign it. That would leave ESSA on the books, but Ms. DeVos would have more flexibility in how to apply it. The Obama regulations pushed states to weight student achievement measures, such as test scores and graduation rates, more heavily than other factors in labeling schools as underperforming. The regulations also required schools to provide parents and the public with a more detailed annual report card on schoolwide student achievement data and other indicators of success. Among the most contentious of the Obama rules was one that strengthened a provision in the law requiring schools to test at least 95 percent of their students. There were some good reasons for such a policy. To avoid the sanctions that come with low scores, schools have sometimes pressured or forced   students to stay home on testing days. But conservatives said the 95 percent rule was excessive federal intervention, while some on the left said it prevented parents and students from “opting out” of standardized tests  —   a popular protest tactic. “The regulations were an overreach,” said Robert Schaeffer, the public education director of FairTest, a group that fights standardized testing. But, he said, “the total repeal is also an overreach,” because it targets civil rights regulations as well as testing rules. Nine percent of American public school students are not native English speakers, and the regulations required states and schools to track the achievement of this group in more nuanced ways. Instead of looking at all   learners together, states were asked to break out the performance of the   groups, like recent immigrants or those who arrive in the United States behind grade level in their native language. Schools where such students struggle would have been subject to state intervention. The National Council of La Raza was part of a coalition of civil rights and business groups that supported the Obama regulations. Separating out different groups of English language learners “is a plus for states,” said Lorén Trull, a senior policy adviser for La Raza. “You don’t want it to look like you’re serving all English   poorly when some you are serving very well. ” Beginning in the 1980s, moderate Democrats and moderate Republicans tended to agree that the federal government ought to hold local schools to tough standards, and monitor them closely to make sure they were shrinking achievement gaps between different groups of students. The ESSA repeal effort shows that center no longer holds. On the Senate floor Wednesday, Mr. Alexander said a regulatory repeal would “restore to states, to classroom teachers and to school boards decisions about what to do about the children. ” Democrats who favored the Obama rules sought to portray the repeal effort as an attempt to disrupt the normal regulatory process and give the Trump administration more power. “I think we all know what’s going on here,” said Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. “Betsy DeVos is the new secretary of education. Congressional Republicans have decided that they want to hand over the keys to her with no restrictions whatsoever. ” Ms. DeVos has said little about ESSA. But with the repeal, her department can now issue new guidance to states, most likely weakening the accountability measures that were a priority for the previous administration. The repeal throws a curveball at state policy makers, whose ESSA implementation plans are due at the Department of Education in mere weeks. “The states are planning and doing stuff,” said Chris Minnich, executive director of the Council of Chief State School Officers, a bipartisan group that represents state education secretaries. “They want clarity on what they need to submit. ” Many states had already done the work needed to comply with the Obama administration’s rules. They are unlikely to start the process over this year. “This is an  . C. fight,” Mr. Minnich said. “But this law will be successful or not depending on how states move forward. ”",0
10837,Life: Everyday Hero: This Woman Woke Up And Went To Work Today,"Thirty-two-year-old Samantha Collins: She may not look like your typical hero, but her incredible story is one you absolutely need to read right now. Against all odds, this courageous young woman woke up and went to work today. 
Amazing! We should all strive to be as fearless as Samantha. 
When her alarm sounded this morning at 6 a.m., Samantha dug deep and did something unbelievable: Summoning all the willpower she had, she somehow found the strength inside herself to pull back her sheets and put two feet on the floor as if this were any other day! 
Samantha then headed straight into the shower, where she miraculously managed to shampoo her hair, turn off the water, and even get dressed for work before resolutely grabbing a granola bar as she headed out the door. 
Her remarkable heroism didn’t stop there. Defying all her basic instincts, Samantha was soon sitting on a bus while it drove in the direction of her office! Faced with a situation where other women might have given up, Samantha bravely stood up, pressed the button to request her stop, and even had the conviction to get off the bus when it came to a halt! 
This woman’s courage and determination should be an inspiration to us all. 
As if this story weren’t already inspiring enough, Samantha then went to all three of her morning meetings, battling through intermittent waves of nausea and behaving as if nothing at all had changed since last night. 
Incredible! The world could use a few more heroes like Samantha who refuse to let anything stop them from going through the motions, returning home, and getting ready to do it all again every day for at least the next four years. Keep fighting the good fight, Samantha!",0
10838,Hillary Makes SCANDALOUS Stop After Rachel Maddow Breaks Down On LIVE TV,"Hillary Makes SCANDALOUS Stop After Rachel Maddow Breaks Down On LIVE TV Posted on October 30, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton drinking on plane (left), Hillary at Jennifer Lopez concert last night (middle), Hillary at Miami bar today (right) 
Hillary Clinton is getting desperate and so is her lapdog media now that FBI Director James Comey dropped the bomb, re-opening the email investigation. Crazy happenings have just transpired in the last 24 hours, and you’ll love Hillary’s scandalous stop that’s making it so much worse as Rachel Maddow gets caught having a breakdown on live TV. 
Hillary embarrassed herself last night at a free concert given in her name by Jennifer Lopez and her ex-husband Marc Anthony. Hillary came out on stage and pandered so badly to the Latino community that it came off as repulsive. Rachel Maddow cries on live TV over Hillary Clinton’s campaign imploding over new email scandal with Anthony Weiner. 
After Rachel Maddow learned that Hillary sustained what she called “a brick being thrown right at the Clinton campaign,” referring to James Comey’s actions, she was caught fighting back tears as another liberal hack tried to convince her that the FBI’s decision to re-open the email scandal is a big deal. 
Maddow was hoping he would tell her not to worry and that Hillary can still win, but when she didn’t get that news she wanted, she became enraged and then fought back tears. However, it all got worse with what Hillary did this morning. 
This morning, Hillary Clinton was caught making a stop at a Miami bar before noon. That’s right, calling it a campaign stop, Hillary strolled into the bar, which looked like a sleazy kind of place, and created even more controversy for the candidate since her drinking has been a sore subject since day one of this campaign. False alarm on missing hillary. She's at a bar in Florida…… Mid day on a Sunday ""campaigning"" #GoHillary 
— Known patriot (@NCSBM) October 30, 2016 
As Mad World News previously reported, “WikiLeaks email from her campaign advisor Jen Palmeri to campaign chairman John Podesta seems to indicate that having to sober Hillary up was a routine occurrence. However, since everyone was scared of her, no one wanted to do it.” 
“Should I call her and talk this through or better to leave with you? I’m worried she’ll get on with Cheryl and we’ll end up in a bad place. I’m in a session that lasts till 3:30 your time. Is that timely or should I walk out?” … 
“I just sent. Was getting my hair cut and trying to write all this on an iPhone. I think you should call her and sober her up some .” [via Wikileaks ] 
Hillary’s drinking problems are well known by Washington insiders, so after the last 24 hours, seeing the fallout as her campaign was squashed, making a stop at a Miami bar before noon makes perfect sense. 
Hillary’s going to need a lot more than Jennifer Lopez gyrating while wearing a thong on stage and Rachel Maddow crying on live TV to breathe life into her dead campaign. We better be on high alert for some manufactured scandal coming at Donald Trump. Too bad for Hillary, it will be seen for what it is — Hillary and her henchmen trying to save her unsalvageable campaign.",0
10839,Chuck Plays Chicken: Would Block New FBI Director Until Special Prosecutor Named - Breitbart,"Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer ( ) told CNN’s State of the Union on Sunday that he supports a proposal by Sen. Mark Warner ( ) to block the confirmation of the next FBI director until a special prosecutor is named to investigate allegations of collusion between Trump’s 2016 campaign and the Russian government. [“We’ll have to discuss it as a caucus, but I would support that move,” Schumer told host Jake Tapper.  However, under the filibuster rule changes initiated by former Majority Leader Harry Reid ( ) in 2013, the Senate minority cannot actually block the confirmation of any executive branch appointees. Schumer himself seemed to acknowledge the point implicitly: “The key here, of course, is getting some of our Republican colleagues to join us,” he told Tapper. There is almost no Republican support for a special prosecutor  —   largely because there are no crimes yet to prosecute. President Donald Trump is not even under investigation. The FBI’s inquiry has reportedly centered around three Trump campaign aides who played minor roles, and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Even perennial gadfly Sen. John McCain has only called for a select committee, not a special prosecutor. Also, as Breitbart News’ Ken Klukowski has pointed out, Trump was within his legal authority to fire former FBI Director James Comey  —   something Democrats had demanded for months. Moreover, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who was confirmed last month by the Senate in a   vote, is overseeing the Russia investigation, with which Trump has not interfered  —   even if he has objected to the way it is being used by Democrats to justify their 2016 losses and rally political enthusiasm among their frustrated   base. The Trump administration reportedly interviewed eight possible candidates to replace Comey this weekend, and more continue to be proposed. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
10840,Watching These 55 ISIS Terrorists Get Blown to Smithereens is Sure to Brighten Your Day,"Next Story → Judge Judy LOSES IT on Hood Rat: “You Sound Stupid! You’re 19-Yrs-Old, You Have a 2-Yr-Old Child, a Dead Boyfriend…” You may also like...",0
10842,Nikki Haley Puts U.N. on Notice: U.S. Is ‘Taking Names’ - The New York Times,"UNITED NATIONS  —   The American ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, issued a stark warning on Friday to allies and rivals abroad, saying in her first remarks at the headquarters of the world body that the Trump administration would hold to account those who do not back the United States. “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business,” Ms. Haley said. “Our goal with the administration is to show value at the U. N. and the way we’ll show value is to show our strength, show our voice, have the backs of our allies and make sure our allies have our back as well. ” “For those who don’t have our back,” she added, “we’re taking names we will make points to respond to that accordingly. ” Ms. Haley offered no further details in brief remarks to reporters, nor did she take questions, before presenting her diplomatic credentials to the secretary general, António Guterres. A former socialist politician from Portugal who took over the United Nations at the start of the year, Mr. Guterres is under pressure to persuade the Trump administration to not gouge the organization and to uphold America’s international obligations, including on climate change. President Trump has dismissed the United Nations as a social club and suggested the United States could cut its funding of the organization’s efforts. His “America first” pledges have raised concerns among diplomats at the United Nations about his commitment to international cooperation. The administration’s antipathy toward the United Nations has been sharpened since a Security Council resolution last month condemning Israeli settlements. Mr. Trump and Ms. Haley have criticized the Obama administration’s decision not to veto the resolution. And several Republican senators have supported legislation threatening to defund the United Nations unless the Security Council reverses the terms of the resolution, which Council diplomats say would be politically unworkable. The United States is the United Nations’ largest single donor, providing 22 percent of its regular budget, according to the terms of an international agreement that sets a country’s contribution based on its wealth. That assessed contribution pays for operating expenses like the electricity bills at its headquarters and human rights investigations in places like Syria and South Sudan. The United States also contributes voluntarily to other United Nations programs, including those that provide food and blankets to refugees fleeing war zones and that immunize children against preventable diseases. A draft executive order obtained by The New York Times proposes at least a 40 percent cut to those voluntary funds. Some of the provisions in the draft text are redundant, and it is unclear how serious these proposals are, or if they will ever be signed. Current and former officials said Friday that the Trump administration was delaying its plan to issue the order. The money that the United States voluntarily contributes to the United Nations is a little over 0. 1 percent of the total federal budget. Some Republican lawmakers have sought in the past to make some of the assessed dues also voluntary, but that idea has never passed muster with Congress. One area that is likely to draw scrutiny from the Trump administration, judging from what Ms. Haley said during her confirmation hearing, is peacekeeping. The United States pays the largest share of the peacekeeping budget  —   about 28 percent  —   but provides virtually no soldiers The threats to cut funding come as China has stepped up its role at the United Nations, increasing its support for peacekeeping and development aid. China also has a veto in the Security Council. “This is a time of strength, this is a time of action, this is a time of getting things done,” Ms. Haley said on Friday, adding that she was prepared to   the United Nations’ efforts. “Everything that’s working we’re going to make it better. Everything that’s not working we’re going to try and fix. And anything that seems to be obsolete and not necessary we’re going to do away with,” she said. Her tone was in contrast to a far more conciliatory approach just days ago, when she faced a Senate confirmation hearing. There, she said she did not favor a “slash and burn” approach to American contributions to the United Nations, but she questioned its value to American national interests. “Are we getting what we pay for?” she asked. Ms. Haley, 45, a former Republican governor of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump’s most outspoken critics during the campaign, had tried to distance herself from some of what Mr. Trump has said about international diplomacy. She has said she favors continuing sanctions against Russia, for instance, but also cooperation with the Kremlin on counterterrorism. She has said she is concerned about security threats posed by refugees, and while she said climate change was “on the table,” she said she did not favor policies that imperiled business.",0
10843,HOW TO HAVE HONEST ELECTIONS,"The WRH server is back to normal (except for the hack attacks). THOUGHT FOR THE DAY! ""When buying shares, ask yourself, would you buy the whole company?"" -- Rene Rivkin YOUR RANDOM DHS MONITORED PHRASE OF THE DAY DERA 
Paid advertising at What Really Happened may not represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors. No endorsement of products and services advertised is either expressed or implied. 
HOW TO HAVE HONEST ELECTIONS ""It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything."" -- Joseph Stalin 
Following the Florida election debacle of 2000, Americans were promised a more honest, transparent, and verifiable system of elections. We didn;t get it, because the elkection stealers won that election and decided that keeping the current system was their best guaarantee of re-election. 
The election of 2016 changed that. The candidate being cheated by the system, Donald Trump, still prevailed thanks to a landslide that overcame the vote rigging. He will see having an honest election system as his best chance for a second term. Hence, there is a real opportunity to throw out the current system, whch is designed to encourage stealing elections, and replace it with a system that hinders cheating as much as possible. 
To begin, stolen elections are a reality in this nation. John F. Kennedy stole the 1960 election from Richard Nixon. Nixon stole his re-election in what becvame known as the Watergate scandal. George W. Bush likely stole the 2000 election from Al Gore, and everyone had a ring-side seat watching Hillary Clinton trying to steal the election from Donald Trump. 
A good place to start to learn about election stealing is the HBO documentary, ""Hacking Democracy."" It is available on NetFlix, Amazon Live, and Hulu. Here is a YouTube video of the final scenes showing how an electronic voting machine has the election results changed without even needing to touch the machine! 
For more information, please visit http://blackboxvoting.org/ , the website operated by Bev Harris, who is featured in the HBO documentary. 
Now then, I wish to offer a suggestion for a very simple way to have an open and honest election system. It is not 100% foolproof, but is designed to make it very difficult for cheating to happen and difficult to conceal it. This stands in sharp contrast to the current system, which is designed to facilitate and conceal the manipulation of elections. 
First, some basic rules. 
1. No electronic machines! 
2. No central tabulation centers! 
Everyone who votes must have ID to prove they are a US citizen and eligable to vote. Absentee ballots are only given to those who can prove they are unable to vote in person. 
After the voters vote, their finger is marked with ink that takes a week to fade away, to prevent them from voting more than once. 
All voting is done on paper ballots. When the polls close, the precincts hand-count the ballots in full view of witnesses, and verify the accuracy. All paper ballots are to be stored for an entire year after the election. 
The totals for that polling place are posted for all to see and copies provided to all witnesses. 
In the city newspaper the next day, all the totals for all the city precincts are printed, along with totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their precinct totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the city totals for themselves. 
Now, we move up a level! The state newspapers print all the city totals, and again the totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their city totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the state totals for themselves. 
Final level: The national newspapers print all the state totals, and tally up the winners. This allows everyone to first verify that their state totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the national totals for themselves. 
What this does is create a system where there are literally millions of Americans watching and verifying the vote counts from polling place to final totals. Yes, it is a bit slower than the instant-guessing on TV, but that will prevent the corporate media from using ""projections"" to try to discourage voters of unfavored candidates from heading to the polls. There is in fact no law that says the winners of the elections have to be announced immediately, and certainly most Americans are willing to trade speed for accuracy in such an important matter. In the early days of this nation, prior to the telegraph, it would take weeks for the populace to learn who won the elections! 
As I said, this is not a 100% perfect system. It is only as good as the people running it. But it does make stealing elections very difficult and that should always be the design objective of any election system! SHARE THIS ARTICLE WITH YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA",0
10844,‘We Are Dead Either Way’: Agonizing Choices for Syrians in Aleppo - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   He had long been one of the more optimistic   residents of the besieged,   section of Aleppo, trying to buoy others’ spirits even as loyalist forces closed in. But as the Syrian Army and allied militias took more and more territory in an apparently decisive offensive during the week, Yasser Hmeish, an accountant for the local medical council, grew frantic. Soldiers seized his neighborhood on Wednesday while he worked at a clinic blocks away. Several of Mr. Hmeish’s neighbors were brought into the clinic wounded, but died before he could ask what had happened to his family. “I don’t know anything, anything about them,” Mr. Hmeish said in an audio message, in one of scores of exchanges we had with people inside east Aleppo as the offensive unfolded. “We are about to die or be arrested. ” After years of bombing and months under siege, rebels had lost more than   of their territory in eastern Aleppo by the end of the week, throwing thousands of civilians and fighters into chaos. We followed the events in real time from Beirut, monitoring social media and talking via WhatsApp, Skype, telephone and other media with doctors, fighters, housewives, local council members, antigovernment activists, aid workers and others, including on the government side. All were people we had gotten to know through years of covering Syria’s bloody civil war. They confided their dilemmas over whether to flee to   areas or stay put until the bitter end, a choice that split up many families. They described escalating bombardment and attacks that have killed women and children trying to reach safe ground. They revealed deepening rifts among rebel groups, and between fighters and civilians, over whether and how to surrender. Some told us of men who, upon reaching government territory, were pulled aside and detained  —   in a country where torture is common  —   or sent to fight in the Army. Some said rebel fighters were stopping people from leaving, while others said insurgents were helping them cross front lines. Many simply begged us for help. “This is our last S O S,” said Mohammad   a radiology nurse whose hospital was taken over by government forces. He sent us text messages from a makeshift basement clinic where, he said, only first aid is available and serious injuries mean death. “I saw doctors standing in front of victims crying,” he said. As a turning point in the war approaches, countries like the United States, which have long demanded that President Bashar   step down, are reduced to wrangling with Russia, Mr. Assad’s main backer, over how to protect or evacuate the civilians  —   no one is sure how many  —   trapped in the shrinking enclave. Last month, proposed evacuation deals fell through and government forces began an   aerial and ground attack. At least 40, 000 people have fled to government areas during the offensive, but some have been unable to, and others have fled deeper into rebel territory, fearing arrest on the other side. Now, Russia has declared that anyone who does not leave will be considered a terrorist and “destroyed. ” The end game is starkly testing the competing narratives at the heart of the conflict in Aleppo. Many on the eastern,   side say that they have stayed so long because they reject and fear the government and that its indiscriminate attacks are punishment for dissent. Government officials and supporters say the offensive is liberating residents held hostage by the insurgents, who indiscriminately shell government districts. Many people  —   estimates range from Russia’s tens of thousands to the United Nations’ 250, 000  —   stayed for years when they could have left. They built underground schools, hospitals and playgrounds distributed food and organized a local council of rebels and civilians. But as the government advanced this past week, all semblance of order was shattered. Even some   supporters of the rebellion fled, including hundreds of fighters. Three local council members crossed to government territory and were denounced by colleagues as traitors, only to be arrested, with   websites trumpeting the capture of members of a “terrorist council. ” One woman said that she and 30 relatives had left their homes in the Qaterji neighborhood, but that one of her sons, a fighter, had stayed behind. She spoke on the condition that she be identified only by her nickname, Umm Faisal, out of concern for her safety. Local rebels, Umm Faisal said by phone, guided the group to avoid snipers. At the front line, shelling erupted. “We started running,” she recalled. “People left their luggage on the ground, holding children’s hands and running. Some were killed and wounded. ” They made contact with government soldiers, who led hundreds of people on foot through holes in walls, over sand and barrels and rubble. On the way, Umm Faisal said, she saw soldiers loading trucks with goods looted from houses, who smiled and greeted the travelers: “Thank God for your safety. ” At a reception center in the Jibreen district, Umm Faisal and her family received blankets, bread and medicine while the authorities took their identification. Men  —   whether dutifully or sincerely  —   chanted for Mr. Assad and the army. Still, she said, many of them were detained, and six of her relatives, men in their 20s, 30s and 40s, were held for Army service. Later, Umm Faisal said, she, her husband and two children took a taxi to the   town of Marea, near the Turkish border. Along the twisting route, they bribed guards at checkpoints and talked their way out of detention by Kurdish militias. Before she left the refugee center, Umm Faisal refused to appear on state television, she said, because “I couldn’t lie on TV. ” Others, though, have been filmed thanking Mr. Assad, receiving aid bags marked “Help from Russia” and saying rebels had earlier prevented them from leaving. One aid worker, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of repercussions, said it was unclear how freely civilians in government territory were speaking. But the worker said one man had told her in compelling detail that the rebels refused to let him leave for medical treatment for his young daughter, who was rail thin from a stomach ailment. Separately, a nurse in eastern Aleppo, who spoke on the condition that she not be named, told us that rebels had stopped her parents and others from leaving the Bustan   neighborhood. First, the fighters warned their group that government troops would shoot them, the nurse said. Then they threatened the travelers, asking why they wanted to “go to those who are bombing you. ” “We are dead either way,” one civilian had replied, the nurse said. Aid workers say the reclaimed areas of east Aleppo are largely destroyed and empty: Very few people stayed as troops moved in. The army took several hundred people back to one district, Hanano, telling them to move into abandoned apartments. But with no electricity, heat or water and many homes looted, some have asked to return to shelters despite the cold, uncomfortable conditions there as aid agencies scramble to catch up. Those who have decided to stay inside eastern Aleppo face continued airstrikes and shelling as people crowd into shrinking areas without medical care. Modar Shekho, a nurse, and his family ran from their house under fire, several of his friends said. As they searched for shelter, a shell killed his brother. As they looked for a place to bury him, the friends said, another explosion killed his father, a teacher who had helped arrange for students to take their state exams despite the siege. It was the second time that Mr. Shekho had lost two members of his family in a single day, according to friends a brother and sister, a doctor and nurse, died in a hospital bombing in 2013. Given such suffering, rebel groups are arguing. A   minority, including the   Levant Conquest Front, wants to continue the fight, and the rest, including United   groups, want to make a deal to get civilians out. Some question whether they have already waited too long. Zohair   a longtime activist, said he and others who had led street protests and later supported rebels had failed to deliver. “People started to hate their lives because of us,” he wrote in a text message. “Everything we’ve done is for nothing, we lost everything. ” He said that while some rebels were counseling “patience,” he was ready for any deal, either for rebels to leave in exchange for ending the bombing or to bus civilians out. “People have the right to take their children wherever they want, we can’t take them as hostages,” he said. “We couldn’t meet the promises we made them. ” Infighting and mistrust among rebels have hastened their collapse. During the week,   fighters attacked United   groups and took their supplies. Dr. Farida, a gynecologist who spoke on the condition that her last name not be used, checked off the people around her who planned to leave. “My only neighbor, my only aunt and uncle, my secretary, my maid, and even my right hand at work are going to the regime areas,” she wrote in a text message. “They are neutral and just want to live and eat and drink, they don’t care about the revolution and religion. “I feel like I lost a piece of me,” she wrote. “I can’t stop crying. ”",0
10845,"Dylan, Polite? It Ain’t Him, Babe - The New York Times","STOCKHOLM  —   “I’m Not There” was the title of a 2007 movie about the exquisite elusiveness of the singer Bob Dylan. It is also the unofficial theme of the week in Stockholm, where Mr. Dylan, who won the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, is not here to accept it. He has not been here for anything else, either. He did not attend the traditional news conference. He did not deliver the traditional lecture. He did not make the traditional visit to a local school, or take part in the traditional fancy dinner with the Swedish Academy, which awards the literature Nobel every year. (All those events were canceled.) And as he said before, he will not be at the ceremony on Saturday, when the literature prize is to be awarded along with the medicine, economics and science prizes, or at the banquet afterward. Though Mr. Dylan has sent a message of thanks to be read aloud, he has not dispatched someone to accept the award on his behalf, as other   have done. “From a P. R. viewpoint, it’s been a disaster,” said Jens Liljestrand, the book editor at the Swedish newspaper Expressen. “It’s been a very unfortunate autumn for the Swedish Academy. ” Mr. Dylan’s absence seems of a piece with his legendarily perverse unpredictability. But it has also saddled the highly secretive academy, which is nearly as inscrutable as Mr. Dylan, with the difficult task of explaining to the world why it does not feel insulted. As the debate rages in Sweden  —   is Mr. Dylan’s behavior simple rudeness? a fear of being thrust into the Nobel spotlight? some sort of elaborate piece of performance art?  —   the academy has taken the position, at least publicly, that none of it matters. “I completely respect his decision, and I assume that he has very good reasons for not coming,” Sara Danius, the academy’s permanent secretary, said in an interview. “He may be completely booked, or he may have personal reasons. ” But in a Nobelcentric place where the literature prize is such big news that people gather around their television sets every October to hear the announcement, Mr. Dylan’s absence has been seen as faintly embarrassing at best. “Having a Nobel Prize without a Nobel Prize winner is not much fun,” said the writer and former publisher Per Gedin. Some Swedes have spoken wistfully about what he is missing. “It’s a really warm and welcoming program arranged to make the winner happy,” said the publisher Dorotea Bromberg, who recalled shepherding J. M. Coetzee, the South African writer, around Stockholm when he won the literature prize in 2003. Initially, Mr. Coetzee was reluctant, she said, but “day by day he warmed up” and actually ended up enjoying himself. Mr. Dylan is not the only winner in recent years who has failed to appear. Others include Alice Munro, Doris Lessing, Harold Pinter and Elfriede Jelinek, but their reasons had to do with illness, old age and, in the case of Ms. Jelinek, various prohibitive phobias (crowds, flying). In each case, the winner either delivered a lecture that was filmed and transmitted to Stockholm or had the lecture read aloud. Mr. Dylan’s absence, however, does seem consistent with his general approach. “He’s behaved so strangely for so many years that if he would show up now and be cheerful and pleased, you’d be surprised,” said Daniel Sandstrom, the literary director at the publisher Albert Bonniers. Also, he said, Mr. Dylan’s politeness (or not) should have no bearing on whether he deserves to win the prize. “It would be very bad to award it just to nice people,” he said. Worse, in the view of some, is that Mr. Dylan’s win may disqualify other Americans, like Don DeLillo and Philip Roth, from winning, at least in the near future. Mr. Dylan is the first American laureate to win since Toni Morrison did so in 1993. “It’s very unkind, to put it mildly, to give it to an American but to give it to the wrong American,” said Mr. Gedin, who believes the prize should have gone to a more traditional writer. The academy is accustomed to unconventional behavior from Nobel laureates, who do not always exhibit unalloyed joy when they get the notifying telephone call. Some are scared some seem almost irritated some instruct their spouses to say they cannot come to the phone some affect an air of insouciant indifference. With the Belarussian journalist Svetlana Alexievich, who won last year, there was a language issue. “I tried French I tried German,” Ms. Danius said. “She didn’t understand what I was saying, although she did understand ‘Nobel’ and ‘prize. ’” But Mr. Dylan’s behavior has been at the extreme end of the spectrum, starting from a failure, for nearly two weeks, to respond to Ms. Danius’s phone and email messages. “Strange things have happened before, but nothing on this level,” said Per Wastberg, the chairman of the Nobel Committee at the academy. Ms. Danius’s assertion that Mr. Dylan’s behavior is not a concern  —   “The important thing is that the Nobel Prize in Literature belongs to Bob Dylan,” she said  —   is testament to the academy’s view of itself as impervious to outside criticism and pressure. Highly secretive about its inner workings, it exists as something of a paradox: both steeped in the world literary community and strangely apart from and above it. Founded to promote Swedish language and literature by King Gustaf III in 1786, the academy took on the Nobel literature responsibilities in 1901, the first year the prize was awarded (the winner was the French author Sully Prudhomme). Its 18 members, who serve until they die (they can stop attending meetings, but they cannot resign) are an idiosyncratic collection of writers, academics and specialists in  —   and advocates for  —   particular areas of literature. Each year, the academy invites academic institutions, scholars, literary organizations, former laureates and others to put forth nominees. You are not meant to nominate yourself, though it happens all the time. “We get at least one letter a week from someone who says, ‘I’m fantastic  —   you should read my book,’” Ms. Danius said. (These applicants are automatically disqualified.) Winners must have previously made the   shortlist at least once, and it seems that Mr. Dylan’s name had been kicking around for a while. The prize is meant to reward a life’s body of work, notwithstanding that even great writers produce material that not everyone loves. “Doris Lessing was on the shortlist for quite a while before my time, and then she wrote a series of   novels that sank her in the view of the academy,” Mr. Wastberg said. However, her name was resurrected  —   in part because of her   autobiography  —   and she won the prize in 2007. And what of Mr. Dylan’s Nobel lecture, which under the terms of the prize is required to be given within six months of the ceremony? Rumor has it that he’ll be in Stockholm next spring, “though the details are still unclear,” Ms. Danius said, and he has said nothing about giving a speech. “I’m not sure a regular concert will do it,” she added. “But the Swedish Academy always tries to accommodate the laureate’s wishes, so if that’s what he’d like to propose, I’m certain there is a way. ”",0
10846,"49ers Fire Coach Chip Kelly, GM Trent Baalke - Breitbart","SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP)  —   The San Francisco 49ers fired coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday in the latest overhaul for a franchise that has fallen from perennial Super Bowl contender to the bottom of the standings in three seasons. [Team CEO Jed York announced the moves just hours after the Niners ( ) matched a franchise record for losses in a season by losing the finale to Seattle  .  “Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” York said in a statement. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team. ” The team has been searching for success ever since cutting ties with Jim Harbaugh following an   record in 2014. Harbaugh had led San Francisco to three straight trips to the NFC title game and one Super Bowl appearance from   in the only stretch of success in the past 15 years for a franchise that has won five Super Bowls. Jim Tomsula was fired after going   in 2015 and things only got worse under Kelly, whose once bright coaching star has dimmed after being fired by Philadelphia and San Francisco the past two years. This marks the first time in nearly four decades that a team fired coaches in successive years after just   tenures. The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O’Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty. “It’s frustrating we’re in this position again,” left tackle Joe Staley said before the news became official. “As a player you have to look at yourself first. What can I do next season to make sure we’re not in this position?” Kelly entered the NFL as one of the most highly sought coaches after his success in college at Oregon. After winning 10 games in each of his first two seasons in Philadelphia in   Kelly was fired with a   record for the Eagles late last season. He then lasted just one season with the Niners, raising more questions about whether his   spread offense that was so successful at Oregon can work in the NFL. He never had much of a chance at success with San Francisco with a roster that featured Blaine Gabbert and Colin Kaepernick as the top two quarterbacks and had no playmakers on the outside. “We don’t control the roster, so I think the one thing is our job as coaches is to create an environment where our players have an opportunity to be successful, and that’s what we have to do,” Kelly said before getting the news in a meeting with York. “I don’t look at, ‘I wish I had this. I wish I had that.’ We were fortunate for the guys we had and we tried to coach them as hard as we could and as well as we could. ” Baalke helped build the roster that made three straight trips to the NFC title game from   and one Super Bowl appearance. But the team has had declining win totals the past three seasons, including a record   losing streak this season. “While we experienced our share of success over the years, I am disappointed at where we are today,” Baalke said in a statement. The 49ers lost 13 straight games at one point this season and their only wins came against the Rams. San Francisco set franchise worsts for points, total yards and yards rushing allowed in a season and blew four   leads in eight home games. Now they will look for a fourth coach in four seasons. “When we lose like we did and have a season like we had, changes are made, or can be made,” receiver Torrey Smith said. “That’s from coaches to players. It’s all of us. We were all a part of the problem. That’s why our record is what it was. ” Baalke originally joined the Niners as a scout in 2005 and quickly worked his way up to director of player personnel where he helped   manager Scot McCloughan put together many of the pieces of the team that would be one of the most talented in the league. Baalke replaced McCloughan as the top front office executive shortly before the 2010 draft and came away from that with a load of talent led by Anthony Davis, Mike Iupati and NaVorro Bowman. Baalke was given the title of general manager the following year when the Niners hired Harbaugh as coach and Baalke had another successful draft that featured   pass rusher Aldon Smith and Kaepernick with his first two picks. The talent well went dry after that. Despite having 51 picks since 2012, Baalke has not added an impact player in any of those five drafts as he frequently drafted players with injuries and stayed away from skill position players. Since 2012, Baalke has had 15 picks in the first three rounds and used just one  —     running back Carlos Hyde in 2013  —   on a quarterback, receiver or running back.",0
10847,10 Signs That The Global Elite’s Ship Is Sinking,"10 Signs That The Global Elite's Ship Is Sinking Nov 16, 2016 9 0 
Times are continuing to shift in a big way and humanity’s rise over the darkness that has plagued our planet for a very long time is gathering momentum by the day. Remember, the elite’s modus operandi is to crush any form of hope or belief that things can or will get better. Truth prevails though and we are seeing the old world order crumble. 2017 is sure to be an exciting year. Continue to dream big. The cabal is being flipped upside down. June 23rd, 2016 : Britain votes to leave the European Union. While some are choosing to see this as an extremist act whose focus was on securing the border from immigrants, there is a much bigger picture to that event. While it must be said that the immigration issue is in the minds of some who were pro-Brexit (and thus needs to be humanely and compassionately addressed), the bigger issue was that Britain reclaimed it’s sovereignty back from the imperialistic banking and political cabal. As it has been reported in The Telegraph, a mainstream media outlet in the UK, the CIA and the U.S. State Department have been heavily involved in the creation of the European Union from the very beginning. As Professor Alan Sked said in the article : Voters in Britain’s referendum need to understand that the European Union was about building a federal superstate from day one. July 22nd, 2016 : Wikileaks releases over 20,000 emails from the Democratic National Convention and shows the deep collusion between the Clinton Campaign and the DNC itself. These revelations ultimately helped force the resignations of the top 4 positions within the DNC. October 8th, 2016 : Shortly after Wikileaks began dumping the PodestaFiles, emails were revealed that John Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman, was receiving emails about UFO/E.T. disclosure as well as free energy technology , whose emails came from former NASA astronaut Edgar Mitchell. These are highly significant in the fact that it is admitted by Mitchell that such technologies do exist and that even the Vatican knows of them. Once these technologies are known about on an even wider scale, the lies and corruption of the oil industry will fall apart and humanity can then reclaim it’s freedom. October 10th, 2016: Turkey defies the banking cabal and signs the Turkish Stream gas pipeline deal with Russia. Because Russia is in opposition to the cabal, or NWO, as some would prefer, this is a massive financial and geopolitical game-changer. October 20th, 2016: The Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte visits China with 200 Filipino businessmen to mend ties with China. He also announces his separation from the U.S. (which is a blow to the cabal) and seeks an alliance with not only China, but Russia too. The BRICS Alliance continues to grow. October 30th, 2016: Iceland’s Prime Minister steps down as the activist, anti-establishment party, known as The Pirate Party, comes in second in national elections and jumps it’s number of parliament seats from 3 to 10. As more people around the world herald the call for true freedom, political parties reflecting such ideals will continue to prevail. The Pirate Party is in over 40 countries around the world currently, and the movement continues to grow. November 4th, 2016: Wikileaks emails reveal the Podesta brothers were invited to a “spirit cooking dinner” and involved eating sperm and menstrual blood. While some surely laughed this off, keep in mind that former FBI special agent Ted Gunderson spent several years investigating and exposing this information to the public, before being murdered. We must also keep in mind that former BBC star Jimmy Savile was revealed to being involved in a massive, elite-ridden pedophile ring. The pedophilia and ritualistic claims against many of the elites is well known around the world and is a very serious issue. The fact that even a small bit of this came out in the Wikileaks revelations is significant and a sign of the times. So much more is coming . November 8th, 2016: It was revealed by Neil Keenan that several globalists/cabalists, including Mark Carney of the Bank of England, Janet Yellen of the Federal Reserve, the Rothschilds, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and others were involved in a deal to steal 1 million metric tons of Gold from the global collateral accounts . As of this writing, the deal has been stopped and it very beneficial to humanity. While this story might not make much sense to many readers, understand that the global collateral accounts are the cabal’s biggest financial secret on this planet. It is the reason JFK was killed and it also relates to 9/11 . November 13th, 2016: The European countries of Moldova and Bulgaria elect new presidents, both of whom are pro-Russia. This is yet another major setback for the globalists plans of creating a superstate out of Europe. Watch for even more countries to begin aligning with Russia. November 15th, 2016: More than 200 rallies around the U.S. take place to protest the North Dakota pipeline that is being attempted to form. The world is continuing to awaken and sees the lunacy of oil and gas for energy. Clean solutions already exist. 
What are some other stories that you believe are signs that the elite’s ship is sinking? Some believe that the election of Donald Trump is a sign. Do you agree or disagree with that? Share with us in the comments section what events you feel should be included in the upcoming Part 2 of this ongoing story. If we agree, we’ll post it in Part 2. 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and does health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information and other inspiring articles.",0
10848,6 Steps to Becoming the Best Leader Possible,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter What does it mean to be a leader? This is a question I have been asking myself repeatedly over the past few weeks. The 2016 presidential election is but a few weeks away and I am left feeling confused, disgusted, and outright angry at what has been demonstrated as leadership. If I am honest, I feel embarrassed to be a citizen of a country that is most certainly causing many eyes to roll and jokes to be made.   We are better than this. As I continue to grow, fall down, pick myself back up, and evolve as a leader, I am constantly exploring what the word means to me and how I can embody that meaning from a grounded and heart-centered place. I come back time and time again to the same process — a process that is not weighted or influenced by that which is outside of me, but rather by that which lives deep inside of me. It’s about self-inquiry, self-reflection, self-accountability, and self-responsibility. It’s a process that asks me to drop to my knees, to stretch, to get uncomfortable, to ask more of myself. It’s a process that in times like these, we uncompromisingly appoint ourselves to undergo because we have no choice but to stand firmly in our own leadership. Whether you are a butcher, baker, or a candlestick maker — you are a leader. And the world needs as many honest, honourable, and integrity-filled leaders as it can get right now. Here are my six strategies for stepping firmly into your own embodied leadership. I invite you to get comfy with a notebook, pen, and cup of warm tea and walk yourself through this process step-by-step. 1. Identify Your Value System What matters most to you? Where do you feel unwilling to compromise? Your integrity? Loyalty? Ambition? Transparency? Your values are the foundational parts of yourself that guide your behaviours, choices, and actions. When these are in alignment and you are living your values, you feel at peace inside of yourself. You are operating not from your head or your gut, but from your heart. You are discerning in your decisions and steadfast in your commitments. Not only does it feel good inside of yourself, it is overwhelmingly obvious to the outside world that you’ve got something groovy going on.   2. Acknowledge and Understand What Makes You, You I hope this step doesn’t scare you, because this one takes a little bit of work, as it is an ongoing unfolding process. Although many of us know parts of ourselves, we also have blind spots. Part of stepping into your leadership is to see and understand all of yourself: the good, the bad, and the ugly. For me, the most helpful resource I have found is the Enneagram . This highly evolved personality typing system helps you to better understand your strengths, your stressors, your fears, your areas for growth, and your opportunities to develop. Using this system, you can become clearer on who you are, while learning how other people operate in the world. This information can be unbelievably helpful when learning how to be mindful and aware as a leader. As an Enneagram Type 2, the Healer, I am well-versed in knowing that my superpower is my ability to be compassionate, empathetic, and helpful, but I also lose my power and can become insecure when I do not feel needed. This does not make me weak or invaluable as a leader, but rather pushes me to rise up and push my edges whenever I experience this feeling so that I can meet my own boundless potential. 3. Cultivate a Network of Mentors Want to know something crazy? You don’t know everything and you can’t do it all on your own. I know how disappointing this may sound, but let me tell you something: It’s a damn godsend! Not needing to know it all or have all of the answers gives you space to be vulnerable, approachable, real, and ever-changing. A network of mentors helps you to not feel alone when you are up against the wall and aren’t quite sure how to navigate your next steps. Over the past few years I have worked hard to create my network of mentors. Currently, my network consists of one spiritual mentor and two professional mentors. Oh, and I also have a therapist. That’s right, I have four older, wiser, more evolved humans in my life that I can regularly call upon when in need. And they aren’t my friends. I don’t call them to gab, or simply catch up. I call them when I need to get in deep and unpack some serious personal, professional, or spiritual shit. This wolf pack is a group of individuals who have been around the sun once or twice and take their role as a mentor seriously. If you are feeling lost or misguided in your leadership, I greatly encourage you to reach out to people who inspire you and are living and leading lives that you admire. Don’t be shy. Don’t hold back. Be willing to pay a bit of money for it. Be willing to be rejected. But most of all, be willing to ask. 4. Act from Authenticity A few months back I wrote an article about my 5 Tips on Being Genuine . It almost makes me laugh to think that we need to be reminded to be authentic in our actions. However, the truth is that we have become used to cropping our lives into a series of photographs, 140 characters, or neat blog entries and Facebook posts. We have become buttoned up, edited, and the image of perfection. So, let me show you my leadership by revealing some of my imperfections. I often have no idea what I’m doing. I felt sad for almost all of last week and I couldn’t totally put my finger on why or what to do other than get lots of sleep, exercise, and eat well. I have lots of little blonde hairs on my upper lip that I pluck when I remember. Sometimes I watch TV on my computer in bed. Other times I eat peanut butter toast and scrambled eggs for dinner when I feel too wiped out to cook. I’ve been called bossy. My boyfriend and I fight. I can get anxious when work is slow. Evolve Your Inbox & Stay Conscious Daily Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. Writing these words, I can feel my own power grow. I’m not hiding anything. I’m not putting on a face or trying to be put together; I’m just being human. And whenever I read or watch someone else show me their messiness, I feel their power and their leadership. Being human is sexy. Show the world what you’re working with. 5. Constantly Work on Your Communication Skills Let me repeat this one: CONSTANTLY WORK ON YOUR COMMUNICATION SKILLS. Communication is a basic life skill and your ability to communicate largely determines your happiness. When you communicate effectively, you make and keep friends. You are valued at work. Your family respects and trusts you. Your needs get met. When you communicate effectively, people listen and hear you, and you learn how to listen to and hear other people. This is when magic happens. Strong, compassionate communication is something that is learned; you’re not born with it. If you are looking for resources on how to better communicate, I highly recommend the books Messages: The Communication Skills Book by Matthew McKay, Martha Davis, and Patrick Fanning and Nonviolent Communication: A Language of Life by Marshall B. Rosenberg. Additionally, be open to uncovering the underlying reasons of why you react or feel triggered (another blog post coming soon on that) by certain types of communication as well as receiving feedback from others on ways that you communicate well and areas for growth. 6. Commit Yourself to Lifelong Learning Whether you are a CEO at a company, a full-time parent, a caretaker, just starting out your career, or saving the world, you are a leader. And any truly great leader is always learning. Leaders are strengthening their strengths, finding opportunity in their obstacles, and discovering new ways to be the best versions of themselves. Whether it is a book, workshop, therapy session, class, or travel experience, commit yourself to a lifelong learning process and you will forever feel empowered in your leadership. We are currently witnessing a national crisis, where the proposed future leaders of our country are being caught in webs of lies, immoral behaviours, cruel words, disrespectful communication, and dishonourable action. I know it’s easy to sit here, pointing fingers and placing blame. Instead, I am asking you to rise up and embrace your own, unique, and powerful leadership so that we can all come together, one by one, and stand up for what we believe in. Truth. Peace. Integrity. Compassion. Equality. Loyalty. Honesty. And Love. If you are doing it right, you will feel like you are revealing too much. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
10849,ICE Looks to Avoid Media Distortions with Spanish Language Website,"U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) launched a new website  —   “Ice En Español. ” @ICEEspañol is also now on Twitter. The new media campaign allows officials to distribute information currently being distorted or misreported by some media. [Officials said the “expanded Spanish language presence   …     is our most recent step in increasing access to important and accurate information about ICE. ” The translated website provides press releases, information about ICE and the agency’s mission, and a “Detainee Locator” tab.  ICE released a statement touting “One of the highlights” of the new forum “is informing   audiences about the important work ICE does, such as combating child exploitation, human trafficking, and fighting transnational gangs. ” Moreover, “Offering information in other languages helps ICE communicate across cultures and reach a broader audience, while also ensuring that the public can obtain information directly from ICE, and not from unofficial  —   and possibly unscrupulous  —   sources,” said Liz Johnson, assistant director of public affairs. Breitbart Texas reported in early February that ICE officials were working to combat false reports of checkpoints and ICE raids. “Reports of ICE checkpoints and sweeps are false, dangerous and irresponsible. These reports create mass panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger. Any groups falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support,” the statement provided to Breitbart Texas said. After President Trump was sworn into office and ongoing ICE raids were targeting criminal aliens, media outlets and open borders and amnesty advocates spread fear and false information. The profile on the @ICEEspañol Twitter page calls ICE “the largest investigative agency at DHS,” and has a link to “Report Suspicious Activity. ” There is also a “Detention Reporting and Information Line” (DRIL) a   service to answer questions, and report: The rotating cover on the website details the number of arrests made, and the amount of currency and the number of firearms seized. The site also has a section that provides access to its “Declined Detainer Outcome Report( s),” a weekly report that exposes sanctuary cities and their release of criminals subject to detainers. The report was mandated by President Trump’s executive order “Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States. ” Texas lead the country in sanctuary city releases, the first edition revealed. As reported by Breitbart Texas in   the report has been temporarily suspended. The agency released a statement that it was working to refine the data reporting process. ICE officials received pushback from some jurisdictions that were incorrectly reported as having released criminal aliens under detainers. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
10850,"Strange messages coming from the stars are ‘probably’ from aliens, scientists say","October 26, 2016 
Scientists have heard hugely unusual messages from deep in space that they think are coming from aliens. 
A new analysis of strange modulations in a tiny set of stars appears to indicate that it could be coming from extraterrestrial intelligence that is looking to alert us to their existence. 
The new study reports the finding of specific modulations in just 234 out of the 2.5 million stars that have been observed during a survey of the sky. The work found that a tiny fraction of them seemed to be behaving strangely. 
And there appears to be no obvious explanation for what is going on, leaving the scientists behind the paper to conclude that the messages are coming from aliens. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 9:30 am Share this article",0
10851,Exclusive: Rand Paul Says Obama Administration May Have Spied on His Campaign - Breitbart,"Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on Friday told Breitbart News that several sources have told him that the Obama administration spied on his presidential campaign. [“We’ve had several people come to us and say that it happened. I don’t have access to that information, but I’ve been very concerned that too many Americans’ information is being culled through without a warrant,” he told Breitbart News.  “I don’t have any facts to say it happened,” he said. “But numerous sources are coming to us saying it did happen so I want to search through, find out why I wasn’t notified. Was it on purpose?” “There’s a lot of things to be found out, particularly since we found out that Susan Rice was unmasking people and we need to know was there a political motivation, because one of the real dangers in a free society is if government gets so powerful it’s listening to all of our phone calls, the possibility of extortion, the possibility of blackmail  —   all of that goes up exponentially,” he said. Earlier in the day, Paul revealed that he had requested information from the White House and the intelligence community on whether he was surveilled by the Obama administration or the intelligence community. I have formally requested from the WH and the Intel Committees info on whether I was surveilled by Obama admin and or the Intel community!  —   Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) May 5, 2017,  In a letter Paul sent to President Trump on April 10, he asked that the administration “promptly investigate” whether his name or the names of other members of Congress, individuals from their staffs or campaigns, were included in queries or searches of database of the intelligence community, or if their identities were unmasked in any intelligence reports or products. Paul said at a CATO Institute speech later that he was sending a new letter Friday morning. “We have several sources telling us that members of the Obama administration were looking at politicians, particularly who were running for office,” he said.  Paul said he has never received a “Gates notification,” which Congress is supposed to receive if the intelligence community reveals the identity of a lawmaker in a National Security Agency intercept.  He said in the new letter, he is asking specifically whether there was a Gates notification for him.  He said he’s heard from people “specific aspects of a private conversation” he had with President Obama. “How’s anybody know that? How did General Flynn’s conversation get reported? They keep using the word incidental. Don’t let that let your guard down. There’s a million Americans having their phone calls recorded incidentally. It’s not just a no big deal to have your phone call recorded,” he said.  “Particularly if someone in the intelligence community uses the media to destroy you  …    As an American citizen, I’m horrified that his private conversation was leaked. Does the president not have any privacy in who he talks to?”  Trump’s former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was forced to step down after a private conversation he had with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kisylak was leaked to the Washington Post.  “This is very very worrisome, and what we’ve allowed to happen,” Paul said.  Paul was among several Republican members of Congress who ran for president in 2016. The others were Sens. Ted Cruz ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ). Paul’s query comes after news reports revealed last month that former President Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice had requested the unmasking of Trump campaign officials. She has not denied doing so, only doing anything illegal or “untoward. ” Rice on Wednesday denied an invite from Graham to appear before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on Monday to testify on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential elections. Rice’s lawyer said in a letter that Rice declined after the subcommittee’s Democrat ranking member had notified her that he disagreed with the invite.  Paul told Breitbart News “I think it’s especially egregious if it’s happening to another branch of government, that one branch of government is spying on the other branch of government and you don’t really have checks and balances. ” “I can’t for the life of me think of any reason why I would be part of an investigation. And it also goes further to prove that maybe we have an intelligence community run amok if they’re looking at political figures, because I had nothing to do with any of the other things,” he added.",0
10852,Comment on WATCH: A Group Of Librarians Cover Queen With ‘Librarian Rhapsody’ by i love my financial systems plc,"Subscribe 
One of the best things about my childhood was that I lived within walking distance of a library. It wasn’t a huge library, but it fed my hunger for escape and story. 
Because of this, I have a special place in my heart for librarians. I’m pretty sure I was a hella annoying kid (none of us really changes over time….we only become more fully what we are. – Anne Rice). But our librarian never let on if I annoyed her. Or maybe she was just the kind of saintly librarian who enjoyed kids who liked learning? I dunno. But we’d go and spend hours, whole days even. It was Nirvana! 
From ForReadingAddicts : This is an absolutely brilliant Parody of Bohemian Rhapsody, created by the Shoalhaven Library Staff to celebrate the end of the the school year, and all I can say is….. ‘Well, that escalated! 
Indeed. Don’t be fooled by the slow start of this video. These brainiacs drop the mic! 
Watch: About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with “the least of these"" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect",0
10853,"Dershowitz: Comey Firing ’Appropriate,’ No Special Prosecutor - Breitbart","Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz told CNN’s Don Lemon on Tuesday night that President Donald Trump was well within his rights to fire former FBI director James Comey, and that there was no need for a special prosecutor in the investigation into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. [Dershowitz questioned the timing of Comey’s firing, however, and urged a new, independent investigation into the Russia case.  Dershowitz appeared next to CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin, who was apoplectic. “The fact that he did this will disgrace his memory for as long as this presidency is remembered. There is only one date that will be remembered after Januarth 20th so far in the Trump presidency, and it is the day of the ‘Tuesday Night Massacre,’” Toobin said, referencing President Richard Nixon’s firing of Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox during the Watergate scandal. Toobin had also told CNN’s Anderson Cooper earlier that Trump would likely name a “campaign stooge” as Comey’s replacement at the FBI. But Dershowitz disagreed. “Should Comey be the director of the FBI? The answer to that is no,” he said, noting that he had called earlier for Comey to resign. “He lost his credibility.   …     A lot of this is his fault. ” Dershowitz said there were three more questions to address. “The second question is: should it be the President of the United States who makes the decision to fire him? Not while he’s under an investigation,” Dershowitz said (though Trump is not actually under investigation, a point he stressed in firing Comey). The third question, Dershowitz said, is “who he appoints next. ” He disagreed with Toobin: “If he appoints a man or a woman of great integrity, this date will not go down   …     in history because we will have been proved wrong that it was some kind of a   if he picks somebody who can pursue the investigation. ” Fourth, Dershowitz suggested that Congress establish an independent commission  —   “not a special prosecutor, there is no probable cause”  —   to continue the Russia investigation. When Toobin objected that Trump had fired former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former U. S. Attorney Preet Bharara as well as Comey, “all three of whom had the potential to investigate and trouble the Trump presidency,” Dershowitz argued that they were all Democrat appointees and had all been dismissed appropriately by a Republican president. Former federal prosecutor Laura Coates chimed in that while she did not believe Trump fired Comey for the reasons he stated, Comey had given President Trump reason to fire him. Comey “was wrong to usurp the role of the Attorney General,” she said, and noted that he had justified doing so again last week in testimony before Congress. Host Don Lemon pushed back against Dershowitz and Coates, noting that he agreed with Toobin that the simpler explanation  —   that Trump was trying to cover something up  —   was more likely. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
10854,Donald Trump Deletes Tweet Showing Hillary Clinton and Star of David Shape - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, came under fire on Saturday for posting on Twitter an image of the Star of David shape next to a picture of Hillary Clinton and calling his opponent the “most corrupt candidate ever!” While the   star is used in other contexts, including as a symbol of many Sheriff’s Departments, it has deep meaning in Judaism and the image was overlaid atop a pile of money. It appeared to play into the stereotype of Jews being obsessed with finances. After being derided on social media, Mr. Trump deleted the post and replaced it with one that had a circle instead of the star shape. While Mr. Trump has been working to professionalize his campaign, the Twitter post was the latest example of him making remarks many deem offensive. Several weeks ago, he insinuated that a federal judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump University could not be impartial in the case because of his Mexican heritage. Mr. Trump apparently realized the problem with the original Twitter post because he rarely apologizes for his remarks or deletes his posts. His campaign did not respond to a request for comment on Saturday. Before the post came down, Josh Schwerin, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, asked on his personal Twitter account, “Why is there a Star of David?” Other commenters were more blunt: Mr. Trump regularly touts his close ties to Jewish people, noting that his daughter Ivanka converted to Judaism when she married her husband, Jared Kushner. He also has promised to make the security of Israel a top priority if he is elected president. However, Mr. Trump has frustrated some Jews for initially declining to take a firm stand on the side of Israel when discussing the conflict with the Palestinians. And he angered some last year when he joked about Jews being good with money during a speech to the Republican Jewish Coalition. Mr. Trump has also been criticized for failing to denounce supporters who have harangued Jewish journalists on social media and at gatherings of white nationalists, and for being slow to disavow the support of David Duke, the former Klansman.",0
10855,Donald Trump’s Emergency Budget Plan Buys 62 Miles of Border Wall In 2017 - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s immediate 2017 budget request will fund the first 62 miles of border walls and fences, pending the appropriation of more funds in late 2017 for additional construction in 2018, says a report from CNN. [According to CNN, ” The [2017] money will fund 14 miles of new border wall in San Diego, 28 miles of new levee wall barriers and six miles of new border wall in the Rio Grande Valley region and 14 miles of replacement fencing in San Diego. ”  CNN’s report does not say how much of the $1 billion planned for extra spending in early 2017 would be allocated to planning and   construction of the border fence, which is expected to stretch along much of the nation’s   border. The fence or wall is expected to annually save tens of billions of dollars in reduced spending on illegals and also on offsetting the   impact of illegal immigrants. Already, according to CNN, the administration’s budget “documents also claim that Trump’s executive orders on immigration enforcement are already having an effect, saying arrests are up 50% charges are up 40% and requests to detain arrested individuals who are deportable are up 80%. ” Trump’s new budget plans also call for an extra $2. 6 billion in spending for 2018 to improve border security and construction. Top Democratic leaders, including the Democrats’ Senate leader, Sen. Chuck Schumer, are hoping to block construction of the wall. But numerous polls show that strong majorities of Americans want to reduce the flow of drugs, preserve U. S. jobs for Americans and also want Congress to pass laws that help Americans. In 2006, Congress passed a law authorizing  —   but not funding  —   the construction of a border wall. Trump’s budget document was sent to Congress March 16, and is titled “America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again. ” It is not the formal budget request for 2018, but it outlines spending plans for 2018, and it requests amendments to the 2017 budgets set by Congress late last year.  If the requested budget amendments are approved by Congress, the DHS 2017 budget in 2017 would rise by $3 billion. The budget plan also calls for the DHS 2018 budget to be set at $44 billion. A comprehensive budget request for FY 2018 will be delivered to Congress in May.  According to a department statement: The FY 2017 Budget Amendment would provide $3 billion [in 2017] for DHS implementation of recent Executive Orders. The request would fund efforts to plan, design, and construct a physical wall along the southern border, and make other critical investments in tactical border infrastructure and technology. The request also proposes funding to increase immigration detention capacity, which is necessary to ensure the removal of illegal aliens from the United States. Finally, the request funds additional capacity at DHS to prepare for hiring additional immigration law enforcement officers and agents  …      ",0
10856,"Italy’s Premier, Matteo Renzi, Says He’ll Resign After Reform Is Rejected - The New York Times","ROME  —   Italy plunged into political and economic uncertainty early Monday as Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said he would resign after voters decisively rejected constitutional changes, a step certain to reverberate across a European Union already buffeted by   anger. “The ‘no’ won in an incredibly clear way,” Mr. Renzi said from the Chigi Palace. Holding back tears as he spoke in front of Italian and European Union flags, the usually brash and confident    said, “I assume all the responsibility of the defeat,” adding that “my experience of government ends here. ” He said he would go later on Monday to the country’s president, Sergio Mattarella, and “tender my resignation. ” Mr. Renzi’s defeat, and the instability that his resignation is likely to cause, raised the prospect of punishment in the markets, but also a caretaker government staffed with technocrats appointed by the Italian president. Another possibility is the calling of early elections in 2017, though that, too, was unclear because Italy’s new electoral law is itself under review by Italy’s constitutional court. The news sent the euro down sharply in Asian trading. If early elections do occur next year, 2017 is shaping up to be a seminal year in the history of the European Union with founding members Germany, France and potentially Italy all going to the polls with strong   and populist candidates in the running. Mr. Renzi’s defeat came hours after voters in Austria, presented with a stark ideological choice for the largely ceremonial position of head of state, chose Alexander Van der Bellen, the former leader of the small Green Party, over Norbert Hofer of the   Freedom Party. It was but a brief reprieve for a European political establishment that has suffered populist jolts all year. The reaction to Mr. Renzi’s loss illustrated the poisonous tone of the long campaign leading up to the referendum. “The propaganda of the regime and all its lies are the first losers of this referendum,” Beppe Grillo, the leader of Italy’s   Five Star Movement, wrote on his widely read blog. “Times have changed,” he said. Luigi Di Maio, the deputy leader of the lower house of Parliament and a likely candidate for prime minister from the Five Star Movement, spoke about a coming “Five Star government. ” And Matteo Salvini, the leader of the   Northern League, who campaigned vigorously against Mr. Renzi’s proposal, called the result “not just a defeat for Renzi but also his servant, lackeys, bankers, financiers. ” Ostensibly the vote was about arcane changes to Italy’s Constitution that would have streamlined government. But opposition to the proposals came from the same   sentiment  —   spiked with skepticism of globalization, open borders and the feasibility of an   European Union  —   that has transformed the politics of a growing list of European countries. Such movements have already smashed the traditional political structures in Greece and Spain, and forces skeptical of the European Union led Britain to vote in June to leave the union. In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel, once untouchable, now seems vulnerable in next year’s elections. And   parties are also seeking power in France. In Austria, the Green Party stalled the advance of populist forces on Sunday by defeating the presidential candidate of the Freedom Party, which was established by former Nazis. The result in Austria might have calmed some nerves, but it was the rejection of Mr. Renzi that most sent shivers through Europe and the world. In a strategic blunder that echoed David Cameron’s call for a “Brexit” referendum, Mr. Renzi had tied his government’s tenure to Sunday’s vote when he was flying high in the polls. But his support eroded, and world leaders anxiously watched the vote in Italy, the   economy in Europe, as a referendum on Mr. Renzi’s centrist government and as a barometer of the strength of   winds blowing across both sides of the Atlantic. Financial analysts have warned that instability caused by Mr. Renzi’s premature departure could result in a renewed and possibly contagious financial crisis in Italy, where banks are saddled with bad loans, and where desperately needed investors are turned off by the return of Italian instability. Some world leaders, seeing in Mr. Renzi a critical defense against populism’s rising tide, had urged him to stay. President Obama, speaking at the White House during Mr. Renzi’s visit in October, said he hoped Mr. Renzi would “hang around for a while no matter what. ” The incoming administration of   Donald J. Trump was less eager to see him remain. Members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle have closely watched, and rooted for, the surging populism in Europe. What was clear, said Stefano Stefanini, who served as a diplomatic adviser to Giorgio Napolitano, a former Italian president, was that the vote was “a test of strength of the   and   forces in Italy. ” Mr. Stefanini said Mr. Renzi’s departure could embolden parties feeding on economic frustration, loss of national identity, anger at Brussels and a desire to break with the   War II belief that Italy’s economic and national security interests were better served within an alliance of liberal democracies. The vote showed that Italy “is reverting to a willingness to go it alone as a ” Mr. Stefanini said. The primary beneficiary of Mr. Renzi’s defeat is Italy’s   Five Star Movement, a party that advocates a referendum to determine whether Italy should give up the euro. “We have the Italian people behind us,” Mr. Di Maio, 30, said in a recent interview. “And he is losing,” he said of Mr. Renzi. Mr. Renzi, in an interview over the summer, compared the party’s leader, Mr. Grillo, to Mr. Trump. “Populism is always the offspring of fear,” Mr. Renzi said at the time. “And in Italy, the answer to fear is the courage to not be defensive, to not be like all the others. ” But Italy instead became like a growing list of European countries, and Italians seemed most moved by the message of Mr. Grillo and other leaders of his party, who campaigned tirelessly against a reform proposal they said would put too much power in the Mr. Renzi’s hands. In the end, heavy opposition in the south and other regions marred by high unemployment levels proved insurmountable, and Mr. Renzi could not persuade enough moderates to stick with him and his government’s plan to modernize Italy. Ultimately, the substance of the reform mattered less than voters’ opinions of Mr. Renzi. In the past, personalizing politics had helped Mr. Renzi, a charismatic Florentine who came to power as a result of an internal Democratic Party coup in 2014. This time, it hurt him. Mr. Renzi proved unable to keep walking the tightrope between outsider and insider that he had navigated so exquisitely during his rapid ascent to the apex of Italian government. On the one hand, Mr. Renzi presented himself as an   demolition man determined to smash the gerontocracy in Italy and shock into action the    bureaucracy in Brussels. On the other, he was the consummate insider, an   expert at working within the system who built unlikely coalitions to get things done. Italy, long mocked as the chaotic home of 63 governments in 70 years, emerged as a safe port of stability, and its young leader took on a special aura as a bulwark against the     and radical forces. Sunday’s vote erased that halo. After casting his ballot against the reform on Sunday morning, Dario Cecchi, 37, said his vote had less to do with Mr. Renzi than the substance of the proposal. Mr. Cecchi added that he was upset that Mr. Renzi had tied his political fate to the referendum, because he did not want him to step down. He said he understood that Mr. Renzi had   Italy as a force within Europe and that a yes vote would only increase his country’s power inside the European Union. But, he said, the reform “shouldn’t just be good for Europe  —   it should be good for Italy. ”",0
10857,"Trump: Time to Put Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania Before Paris - Breitbart","President Donald Trump gave a   to the “forgotten” industrial heartland that delivered him the White House as he announced America’s unilateral withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accords Thursday. [“I was elected to help the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris,” Trump told those gathered in the White House Rose Garden, as he gave a forceful   condemnation of the global climate agreement, under which the United States is to meet progressively lower caps on certain emissions while subsidizing developing countries in the hope they do the same.  “This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the United States, ” Trump explained. Citing a comprehensive report by NERA Economic Consulting, Trump laid out the economic disadvantage that would befall American workers, especially those in the Appalachian energy industries and the Midwestern industrial heartland. That report, for example, envisions a potential 86% reduction in American coal output and a 38% reduction in iron and steel production by 2040 if the Paris Agreement’s targets were actually met. According to Trump, apparently citing the   climate model, the most climate activists could hope to gain from America’s dearly bought reductions in carbon dioxide emissions is  0. 2 degrees Celsius less warming over the rest of the century. This did not stop the political left from accusing the President of “telling the Earth to drop dead,” by pulling out of the   climate accord. Trump cast doubt on the lofty goals supposedly motivating the accord, pointing out how it allows to China, India, and even Europe to continue to ramp up coal production while placing incredible burdens on our own domestic industry. “In short the agreement doesn’t eliminate coal jobs, it just transfers those jobs out of America   …     and ships them to foreign countries,” he told the crowd. “The current agreement effectively blocks development of clean coal in America. ” At several points, Trump took the opportunity to highlight the economic benefits he claims have already returned to the heartland since his election. “And the mines are starting to open up. Having a big opening in two weeks. Pennsylvannia, Ohio, West Virginia, so many places. A big opening of a brand new mine, it’s unheard of. For many many years it hasn’t happened,” Trump said, referring to the Acosta Coal Mine due to open in Somerset County, PA amid the slew of mine openings announced across the rich energy region. Trump’s rejection of the the globalist economic paradigm underpinning agreements like the Paris accord became more explicit as the speech went on. “It would once have been unthinkable that an international agreement could prevent the United States from conducting its own domestic economic affairs. But this is the reality we face if we do not leave the agreement,” he said before making his appeal directly to the Midwestern voters who put him over the top in November. “It is time to put Youngstown, Ohio Detroit, Michigan and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, along with many other locations within our great country, before Paris, France,” Trump said. “It is time to make America great again. ” The President also promised that the withdrawal from the Paris Accord will not be the end of his   reexamination of America’s position in the international economic landscape. “Many trade deals will soon be under renegotiation. ”",0
10858,Who ’Paid for’ Tax Day Protests? Breitbart Revealed Organizers’ Soros Ties Months Ago,"President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to call for an investigation into “who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday”  —   referring to the   Tax Day March held Saturday in Washington and at least 60 other locations. [Trump may have missed a Breitbart News exclusive investigative article penned by this reporter on February 16 titled, “Soros Groups Behind Massive   Tax Day Protest Plot. ”  While there is no immediate information on who directly bankrolled this specific protest movement, Breitbart News found that most of the listed partners and support organizers of the march are openly financed by George Soros or have close links to Soros financing. Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017,  Trump’s tweet itself received widespread news media coverage. However, scores of major news media articles reviewed by this reporter failed to document the Soros ties to the tax march. “Trump calls for investigation into Tax Day protesters, tweets ‘election is over! ’” reads a CNBC. com article. After noting an initial Trump tweet on the difficulty of a Republican winning the Electoral College, NBC News reported: The president then followed up by repeating an unsubstantiated claim he’s made before that some of the protesters against him were “paid,” an allegation that became popular in some   circles in the build up to the 2016 presidential election, before noting that the election was “over. ” “Trump’s Tweets Give Tax Day Marchers at Least Part of What They Wanted,” noted the headline in a Vanity Fair report. The article’s   reads: “He may never release his tax returns, but thousands of marchers around the country got their message heard. ” The website for the Tax Day march claims that its mission is to get Trump to release his tax returns and more. The site reads: President Trump needs to be straight with the American people. To whom does he owe favors? Who are his policies really intended to benefit? Who will he put first? Working families are struggling to make ends meet, but we pay our fair share in taxes  —   does Donald Trump pay any at all? A query about protest financing sent to the email address for press inquiries listed on the Tax Day March website was not answered as of this writing. Organizers of the March claim to be “ordinary Americans, community organizers, advocates, and people from all walks of life and all backgrounds joining together to raise our voices and send a bold message to this administration. ” In February, Breitbart News documented a section of the Tax Day March website titled, “Who is organizing it?” The website for the Tax March listed the following eight groups, six of which are either funded by Soros or tied to Soros financing. The Tax March is grateful to have the support of the following organizations: American Federation of Teachers, Americans for Tax Fairness, Center for Popular Democracy, Indivisible Project, MoveOn. Org, Our Revolution, and The Working Families Party. Americans for Tax Fairness is the recipient of a grant from Soros’s Open Society Foundations’ U. S. Programs. MoveOn. Org is financed by Soros. The American Federation of Teachers’ Educational Foundation, the nonprofit arm of the American Federation of Teachers, was financed by the Strategic Opportunities Fund of Soros’s Open Society Foundations, leaked Open Society documents show. The Center for Popular Democracy is led by   activists. In 2013, Marbre Stahly, a policy advocate at the Center, became a Soros Justice Fellow, which comes with a stipend of $ $110, 250 to fund   activism projects that last between   months. The Center was listed as Stahly’s “host” for the grant. According to her bio, the Center’s research analyst, Maggie Corser, “spent four years at the Open Society Foundations where she conducted research on the future of work, conservative political infrastructure, and a range of economic justice issues. ” Shawn Sebastian, the Center’s field director for its Fed Up Campaign, was a fellow at the so called   Unit of the Open Society Foundations’ Justice Initiative. Another Tax March organizer is the   Indivisible Project. In February, Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by Soros. Leaders of January’s Women’s March coalition reportedly helped to organize the Tax March, which USA Today described as a “sequel” to the massive march. Buzzfeed took note of the comparison to the Women’s March in a piece titled, “Progressives Want Tax Day To Be The Next Women’s March Protest. ” Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 “partners” of the Women’s March. This journalist first reported on the march leaders’ close associations with Soros. Since Breitbart’s probe in February, numerous other   groups joined the march and are listed as “partners” on the group’s website. The   “partners” include Demos and Public Citizen, among others.  Meanwhile, at the protest itself, Rep. Maxine Waters ( .) called for Trump to be impeached.  “I don’t respect this president. I don’t trust this president. He’s not working in the best interests of the American people,” complained Waters. “I will fight every day until he is impeached,” she stated. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
10859,Smart Meter Case Testimony Before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission: What No One Wants to Acknowledge About EMF Damage,"By Catherine J Frompovich Part 1 of 4 The following is the testimony I will present pro se [without a lawyer representing me] to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court,... ",0
10860,"Four Arab countries bought thousands of cars from Toyota and delivered them to""Daesh""","Email According to the results of the investigation conducted by Toyota, the Japanese company, about the sources of supply of the ""Daesh"" thousands of cars, and it confirmed that the four Arab countries bought and handed over to the organization. The unfolding clues Saudi support and Qatar and the UAE group ""Daesh,"" especially with the start of Russian raids on the regulatory sites in Syria, and after that the Russian military handed the Japanese car company ""Toyota"" pictures of the dozens of cars confiscated by the Syrian army in the battles on the ground have all been with ""Daesh "". The source familiar with the Syrian and Russian governments may deliver to the company, ""Toyota"" a preliminary report on the cars delivered by the company from the Russian military intelligence pictures, and it was the most prominent are the following: that the 22,500 car bought by a Saudi nationality import company, while Qatar has bought 32,000 car, the UAE has acquired 11650 car, the Jordanian army, and imported 4,500 cars the adoption of credit from several banks Saudi nationality, all now with the organization ""Daesh."" The number of cars owned by ""Daesh"" type of Toyota more than 60,000, all cars and SUV model ""DOUBLE CAB"" started. US authorities announced opened an investigation into how ""Daesh"" for large numbers of cars, but observers said that Washington itself delivered hundreds of these cars to Syria. For its part, ""Toyota"" confirmed that it has suspended auto sales in Syria since 2012.",0
10861,Loretta Lynch to Accept F.B.I. Recommendations in Clinton Email Inquiry - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, conceding that her airport meeting with former President Bill Clinton this week had cast a shadow over the federal investigation of Hillary Clinton’s personal email account, said Friday that she would accept whatever recommendations career prosecutors and the F. B. I. director made about whether to bring charges in the case. Ms. Lynch said she had decided this spring to defer to the recommendations of her staff and the F. B. I. because her status as a political appointee sitting in judgment on a politically charged case would raise questions of a conflict of interest. But the meeting with Mr. Clinton, she acknowledged, had deepened those questions, and she said she now felt compelled to explain publicly her reasoning to try to put the concerns to rest. “People have a whole host of reasons to have questions about how we in government do our business,” Ms. Lynch said at an Aspen Institute conference in Colorado. “My meeting on the plane with former President Clinton could give them another reason to have questions and concerns. ” Though she insisted the   conversation was a purely social encounter, Ms. Lynch said, “I certainly wouldn’t do it again. ” The attorney general’s response did little to quell a political tempest in Washington, with some Republicans calling for her to recuse herself from the case  —   a step she said she was not going to take. Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, said the meeting had “opened up a Pandora’s box. ” He cast doubt on whether it was entirely social, citing it as an example of how “the special interests are controlling your government. ” For Democrats, already anxious about the political impact of the email investigation, the incident revived fears that Mr. Clinton could become a rogue actor in a campaign that has so far operated more smoothly than Mrs. Clinton’s presidential bid in 2008. Mr. Clinton, who was on a     swing for his wife, strode across the tarmac at the airport in Phoenix to greet Ms. Lynch after her plane landed there on Monday night. The attorney general joked that she should have acted more swiftly to keep him from boarding. Asked by a journalist to name one thing she wished her predecessor, Eric H. Holder Jr. had told her about her job, she replied, “Where the lock on the plane door was. ” Still, Ms. Lynch said the episode was personally distressing because it stained the reputation of the Justice Department. “The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,” she said. Even Ms. Lynch’s explanation of how she planned to distance herself from the case  —   without recusing herself  —   required further clarification. “The case will be resolved by the team that’s been working on it from the beginning,” she said in Aspen. But a Justice Department spokeswoman, Melanie Newman, noted afterward that even if Ms. Lynch accepted the recommendation of her staff, she would be the one making the decision. “She’s the head of the department,” Ms. Newman said, “and with that comes ultimate responsibility for any decision. ” The White House declined to comment on Ms. Lynch’s decision. President Obama “believes that this matter should be handled without regard to politics,” the press secretary, Josh Earnest, said. The F. B. I. is investigating whether Mrs. Clinton, her aides or anyone else broke the law by setting up a private email server for her to use as secretary of state. Internal investigators have concluded that the server was used to send classified information. For the Justice Department, the central question is whether the conduct met the legal standard for the crime of mishandling classified information. Ms. Lynch, whom Mr. Clinton appointed to be a United States attorney in 1999, said that the meeting with the former president was unplanned and largely social, and did not touch on the email investigation. “He said hello and we basically said hello, and congratulated him on his grandchildren, as people do,” said Ms. Lynch, who was traveling with her husband. “That led to a conversation about those grandchildren. ” For Mr. Clinton, who travels frequently by private jet, such airport socializing is common. Last month, he ran into Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, after speaking at the funeral of Muhammad Ali in Louisville, Ky. The two chatted before their planes took off. He has also greeted Representative Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former Republican governor of California, on the tarmac. And in Mobile, Ala. he chatted with Senator Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican who has called for Mrs. Clinton’s imprisonment. This meeting, however, created a particularly awkward situation for Ms. Lynch, a veteran prosecutor who was nominated from outside Washington’s political circles. During her confirmation, her allies sought to contrast her with her predecessor, Mr. Holder, an outspoken liberal voice who clashed frequently with Republicans who accused him of politicizing the office. Ms. Lynch’s reassurance that she will not overrule her investigators is significant. When the F. B. I. sought to bring felony charges against David H. Petraeus, the former C. I. A. director, for mishandling classified information and lying about it, Mr. Holder stepped in and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor. That decision opened a deep  —   and public  —   rift. Two other political appointees will review the findings of the email investigation before a final decision is made: John P. Carlin, the assistant attorney general for national security, and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates. But both have also pledged to follow the recommendations of the career prosecutors and the F. B. I. Ms. Newman said. The F. B. I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the coming weeks, though agents have yet to interview Mrs. Clinton. While some legal experts said they believed that criminal indictments in the case were unlikely, the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign. Beyond the    workings of the Justice Department, there is precedent for relying on career officials to make politically charged decisions. When the Justice Department was considering whether to recommend sanctions against former Bush administration lawyers who approved waterboarding, Mr. Holder relied on his most senior career prosecutor to make the decision. No sanctions were recommended. For Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign, the incident in Phoenix resurrected questions about how the campaign would rein in her irrepressible husband. With approval ratings among Democrats of over 60 percent, Mr. Clinton is one of his wife’s most potent surrogates. He has traversed the country with a breakneck schedule, campaigning and raising money for Mrs. Clinton, traveling with a   staff and security detail. Mr. Clinton and his chief of staff, Tina Flournoy, are in frequent contact with John D. Podesta, chairman of the Clinton campaign, and Robby Mook, the campaign manager. He often listens in on campaign conference calls from the family’s home in Chappaqua, N. Y. But his unpredictable and sociable nature can also cause problems for his wife’s candidacy. David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said on Twitter that he took Mr. Clinton and Ms. Lynch “at their word” that they had not discussed the investigation, but added that it was “foolish to create such optics. ”",0
10862,"BAD NEWS: Hillary’s Pimping Past Exposed, Dirty Whoring Details Leaked","BAD NEWS: Hillary’s Pimping Past Exposed, Dirty Whoring Details Leaked Posted on October 31, 2016 by Robert Rich in Politics Share This 
If Hillary Clinton thought she was in big trouble with the FBI, she’s got another thing coming when she hears what’s just around the corner. In fact, it seems as though the presidential hopeful’s pimping past was just leaked – and every whoring detail is out there for the world to see. 
Hillary is no saint, despite what she would have you believe, and her apparent pimping past goes to prove just that. According to a recent leak, it seems that the female presidential wannabe is used to whoring out certain entities – so long as she gets to stuff her pockets. 
So, who exactly did Hillary force to grab their ankles so that she could rake in millions of dollars? Well, America – more specifically, the American working class. As explained by The Daily Caller , Hillary accepted a whopping $28 million donation to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for 2 favors granted to the country of Morocco. Bill Clinton (center right) and Hillary Clinton (center left) greet Mohammed VI, King of Morocco (right), and his sister, Lalla Meryem (left) 
Come to find out, the first part of the payment came in at $15 million from the country’s King Mohammed VI. Just after that, Hillary miraculously got to work on the Mosaic Company – America’s largest phosphate mining facility. For those unaware, phosphates are used in a variety of products but are most well known for being used to make fertilizer for farmers. 
As it turns out, one of Morocco’s largest bases for income just so happens to be the selling of phosphates that they illegally rip from their lands. In order to put pressure on Mosaic, in hopes of shutting them down, Hillary deployed the use of both the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in an effort to deem the group an “environmental threat” to our country. 
In order to do so, Hillary had the DHS fly planes low over Mosaic’s operations in order to spy on them. From there, EPA chief Lisa Jackson got to putting the crunch on the organization by making their lives a living hell in every single way. Hillary Clinton 
In the meantime, Hillary used her position as Secretary of State to relax U.S. foreign aid restrictions on Morocco, thereby allowing the country to expand operations into phosphate mining. By the end, the American company was to be shut down, forcing America to look elsewhere for supply – which, if you can connect the dots, would be where Morocco would come sweeping in. 
Fortunately, Florida politicians were able to fight back and put the brakes on before tens of thousands of Americans were negatively influenced by the devious deed. However, Hillary and the King of Morocco weren’t done there as he pumped another few million into the Clinton Foundation’s account. 
As explained by The Daily Caller : 
An email WikiLeaks made public last week illustrated how Clinton, while acting as secretary of state, negotiated an additional $12 million donation to the Clinton Foundation from Muhammed in return for holding the 2015 Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) meeting in Marrakech, Morocco. 
Hillary also managed to squeeze another $1 million out of the King to cover the expenses of the CGI meeting. As one would imagine, the recent leak hasn’t made too many people happy, and it exposed how Hillary has been whoring out our nation any way she can in order to further fill her own pockets. 
According to Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican, “these facts seem to reveal the possibility of more pay-to-play activities at the Clinton Foundation.” Personally, I don’t understand why we can’t call this what it is – bribery. 
Using fancy terms takes away from the criminal behavior that Hillary has been complicit in. Furthermore, she has proven that she is perfectly comfortable with illegal behavior – as well as pimping out the American people, specifically the working class – so long as she benefits from it. If she did all this in just the short time she was Secretary of State, I shudder to think what she will do with the full power of the presidency behind her.",0
10863,Nula exhibición balompédica sobre campo desierto,"Nula exhibición balompédica sobre campo desierto RESUMEN DE LA JORNADA 12 DE LA LIGA SANTANDER 2016-2017 Resumen de la jornada Betis 0-0 Las Palmas 
Encuentro que terminó en tablas después de que el viernes por la noche ambos equipos no tuvieran a bien acudir al estadio penibético para disputar el choque. Tampoco acudió el público. Es de esperar una sanción del Comité de Competición para ambos equipos. Deportivo 0-0 Sevilla 
Partido que debería haberse celebrado el sábado a las 13 horas y que, sin embargo, fue ignoradamente tratado por todos los implicados en el magno evento. De nuevo, esperable sanción del Comité de Competición. Atlético 0-0 Real Madrid 
Primer choque de la temporada entre los ex finalistas de la Champions. Es el “derby” por antonomasia pero, sorprendentemente, ninguna televisión se encargó de emitir un partido de tantos morbos aplazados entre la turba de Simeone y el equipo albino. Tampoco lo siguió ninguna radio ni medio impreso. Barcelona 0-0 Málaga 
Poco se puede decir de este partido aparte de mencionar la indignación del periodista que escribe estas líneas porque el equipo de seguridad del Barcelona le impidió el acceso de forma sistemática al campo. En cualquier caso, pobre entrada al Camp Nou más allá de medio centenar de turistas ataviados de orientales maneras. Athletic 0-0 Villarreal 
Tampoco acudieron los leones a la catedral del fútbol para defenderse porque no había nadie atacando su marco insidiosamente. Alavés 0-0 Espanyol 
Tampoco acudieron al campo. Valencia 0-0 Granada 
Naranjianos y granaderos estuvieron al tanto del partido que jugó el sábado la Selección española, partido de clasificación al mundial frente a Macedonia. Por ese egregio motivo, la duodécima jornada de liga se aplazó al próximo fin de semana. Fenomenal. Bien. Estupendo. Muchas gracias por avisar. Sporting 0-0 Real Sociedad 
Tremenda falta de respeto a un profesional que lleva tantos años dedicándose a esto. Algunos, además de periodistas, somos personas. Tampoco costaba nada hacer una llamada. Existe una cosa que se llama teléfono. Ahora está el WhatsApp ese también. Bastaba con un: “Oye, soy el redactor jefe de Deportes, esta semana no te hagas el resumen de los partidos, que no hay liga porque juega la Selección”. Pero no, eso es mucha molestia. Leganés 0-0 Osasuna",0
10864,"FBI Director Confirms that Hillary Lied, and Mishandled Classified Material","  FBI Director Confirms that Hillary Lied, and Mishandled Classified Material FBI Director Confirms that Hillary Lied, and Mishandled Classified Material November 8, 2016, 11:27 am by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
By: Roger Aronoff | Accuracy in Media 
On Sunday, FBI Director James Comey sought to put a cap on the bottle he opened on October 28 when he announced that the FBI was once again investigating Hillary Clinton’s emails, based on a device they had discovered containing what turned out to be approximately 650,000 emails. The device was the shared computer of sexting pervert and former congressman Anthony Weiner and his long suffering wife, Huma Abedin, top aide to Hillary Clinton and a woman with deep ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
Comey caused an uproar in the campaign, on both sides of the aisle. Democrats and their allies in the media were outraged that Comey would drop this bomb into the campaign with 11 days until the election, and not explain the urgency or the substance of his findings. Many Republicans, and their allies, who were outraged by Comey’s conclusions back in July—namely that Hillary Clinton was guilty of serious violations of the law, but that he didn’t believe that she had any criminal intent, nor that “any reasonable prosecutor” would attempt to prosecute the case against her—were saying that maybe Comey was going to implicate Hillary in serious criminal activity after all. He wouldn’t have reopened this matter, they believed, if he didn’t have something new and serious that he had seen. 
Now, the roles are reversed again, with Democrats claiming that Comey’s latest statement represents a complete vindication for Hillary, while Republicans are questioning the timing and point of the whole exercise. Did the FBI, even with their high-tech reading devices, actually go through 650,000 emails in a week, and conclude that there is no there there? And why is the State Department only able to process 500 emails per month? The wheels of justice seem to turn at whatever pace the Democrats need them to. 
I have a bit of a different take. In the November 6 letter to Congress, Comey stated: 
“I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton’s use of a personal email server. Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation. During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State. 
“Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.” 
While Comey did, in fact, argue back in July that he was not recommending an indictment or prosecution of Hillary, he also drew other “conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.” He had concluded that she lied when she said that she hadn’t sent or received classified materials on her private, unsecured server. She lied when she said that nothing that she sent or received was marked classified. She lied when she said that she only used one device, when in fact she used at least 13 devices, at least two of which were destroyed by hammers. And she lied when she said that she had turned over all of her work-related emails. No, in fact Comey said that there were “thousands” of work-related emails they found that she had not turned over. You can watch here to see Comey draw all of these “conclusions” back in July. 
This is what the Clinton campaign is wearing as a badge of complete exoneration, and a closing of the books on her so-called email scandal, which is actually a national security scandal. As we have often pointed out, others have gone to jail, been fined, lost their security clearances and were run out of public life for far less egregious examples of mishandling classified material. 
Andy McCarthy, the former U.S. Attorney who successfully prosecuted the Blind Sheikh for his involvement in the first World Trade Center bombing, argued back in July that Comey basically rewrote the law. Comey “conceded that former Secretary Clinton was ‘extremely careless’ and strongly suggested that her recklessness very likely led to communications (her own and those she corresponded with) being intercepted by foreign intelligence services.” 
McCarthy added that “Comey recommended against prosecution of the law violations he clearly found on the ground that there was no intent to harm the United States.” 
“In essence,” wrote McCarthy, “in order to give Mrs. Clinton a pass, the FBI rewrote the statute, inserting an intent element that Congress did not require. The added intent element, moreover, makes no sense: The point of having a statute that criminalizes gross negligence is to underscore that government officials have a special obligation to safeguard national defense secrets; when they fail to carry out that obligation due to gross negligence, they are guilty of serious wrongdoing. The lack of intent to harm our country is irrelevant. People never intend the bad things that happen due to gross negligence.” 
But this has been a corrupt process. The fix was in . It had to be to protect President Obama as well, who knowingly exchanged emails with Hillary on her private server. As Politico pointed out , “President Barack Obama used a pseudonym in email communications with Hillary Clinton and others, according to FBI records…” Those FBI records, released in late September, confirmed what McCarthy had earlier predicted: “As I explained in February,” wrote McCarthy, “when it emerged that the White House was refusing to disclose at least 22 communications Obama had exchanged with then-secretary Clinton over the latter’s private e-mail account, we knew that Obama had knowingly engaged in the same misconduct that was the focus of the Clinton probe: the reckless mishandling of classified information.” 
It is possible that America will be electing someone as president on Tuesday who has committed serious crimes that could all be wiped away by a presidential pardon. The media’s failure to accurately cover this story could very well be the cause of a major constitutional crisis, the likes we’ve never witnessed before. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View   Roger Aronoff . 0",0
10866,Jenna Bush Hager and Michael Keaton Flub Movie Title at Golden Globes - The New York Times,"Let’s just be very clear about this: There is no movie called “Hidden Fences. ” But you would be forgiven for thinking otherwise after watching the Golden Globes, after the nonexistent movie was mentioned twice. The first time was definitely a mistake. The second time is not so clear. First, NBC’s Jenna Bush Hager, taking her first turn at Golden Globes reporting, presumably meant to ask Pharrell Williams about his best original score nomination for “Hidden Figures,” a movie about three black women who would play crucial roles in the American space program. Surely she didn’t mean to ask him about “Fences,” a similarly renowned film starring Viola Davis and Denzel Washington. Mr. Williams had no involvement in that. But: Mr. Williams’s   reaction, in which he appeared to be doing his best to hold back whatever he badly wished to say, was impressive in its restraint. Unsurprisingly, the immediate reaction on Twitter was less restrained. “So Jenna Bush is just merging all of the black movies tonight at the #GoldenGlobes, huh?” one user asked. “Pharrell’s face just held hundreds of years of whitewashing resolve,” another said. Others had fun in similarly inventing new movie titles. That seemed to be the end of things, but for some reason, Michael Keaton also referred to “Hidden Fences” when listing the nominees for best supporting actress in a motion picture. Since the camera was focused on the actresses, it’s unclear if Mr. Keaton said it with a wink and a nod.",0
10868,"In Brooklyn, Stifling Higher Learning Among Hasidic Women - The New York Times","In the   Joel Teitelbaum, an eminent and charismatic rabbi, immigrated to the United States, colonizing a section of Williamsburg in Brooklyn for his Hasidic sect, the Satmar, its name taken from the Hungarian town of Szatmar, where Rabbi Teitelbaum had fought to resist the encroachments of a modernizing society. Subsequent decades have seen virtually no retrenchment in the sect’s mistrust of the larger world. Among the Satmar in Brooklyn, use of the internet is condemned and secular education is considered of little use. In recent years, though, it became the fashion among some Satmar women to pursue   degrees after high school, typically online or through religious colleges. The women often go to work not in philosophically suspect places like Greenwich Village, but in schools within their community. Now, even that minor advance has been rolled back some Satmar leaders issued a decree proclaiming that the practice would no longer be tolerated. A letter from the United Talmudical Academy, the governing body for a consortium of schools, meant for girls entering the 12th grade and their parents, stated that they “shouldn’t God forbid take a degree which is according to our sages, dangerous and damaging. ” The letter went on to say that girls shouldn’t learn college subjects and that those who refused to obey would be denied positions as teachers. Leaders, they said, had a responsibility to protect the religious educational system from outside influences. The notion is not an invention of the Hasidim, Allan Nadler, the director of Jewish studies at Drew University and a scholar of Hasidic practice, explained. The Mishna, a multivolume compilation of Jewish law that predates the Talmud, contains a prohibition against “external books. ” Still, Mr. Nadler maintained, the recent decree reflects what he has observed over the years as a deepening fear of wider society. The Talmudical Academy did not return calls seeking comment. A history of pandering to the   in Brooklyn goes back at least to the days of Mario M. Cuomo. Politicians who might otherwise feel free to lecture black and Hispanic communities on the importance of grit,   and the sacred path of higher learning express remarkably little outrage over the habits of a group that essentially enshrines its own dependency on the system. According to a 2011 study by the   of New York, the Jewish philanthropic organization, just 11 percent of Hasidic men and 6 percent of Hasidic women in and around New York City hold bachelor’s degrees, while the poverty rate among Hasidic households stands at 43 percent, nearly twice the figure citywide. A reliance on public assistance is remarkably common among the Hasidim, explained Lani Santo, the executive director of Footsteps, an organization begun in 2003 to help those who decide to leave the   world. “Even if you want to be able to have a community that is maintaining its own traditions,” she told me, “you still need to be able to have the tools and skills to support your family. ” Political leaders, beholden to the enormous voting bloc that the Hasidim, and especially the Satmar, provide, remain reluctant to say something so obvious. The recent Satmar decree is more than a feminist issue it is a humanist problem. Through lower grades and upper school, girls in the community typically wind up with a more secular education than boys because boys devote most of their time to Talmudic study. Women will typically have better command of English and math, Ms. Santo explained, and are able to get   jobs after finishing school. When they may need to pull back after having children, their husbands, for whom college is deemed equally   find themselves either not working at all because they are continuing their religious training or too poorly equipped to find remunerative work. Many of them, Libelle Polaki, an exile from the   community in Brooklyn, told me, will resort to selling things online, which must be regarded as its own kind of sacrilege given the prohibitions against certain technologies. At 28, Ms. Polaki expects to graduate from the Borough of Manhattan Community College in December. This semester she is taking six classes and auditing two others. At a cafe in Williamsburg psychographically distant from the Williamsburg in which she spent part of her life, she spoke of the hard work it took to get where she is. Having suffered through an arranged marriage, she said, she was forced to pay off her husband, with a sum of approximately $18, 000, to get divorced a philanthropist helped her come up with the money. She held several menial jobs after high school that made her miserable, one working for Satmar leaders doing secretarial work one in a matzo factory and another in a group home for adults with developmental disabilities, where she was fired, she told me, after reporting abuses by the staff. “They didn’t teach us anything in high school so I didn’t know anything, no Shakespeare or anything like that, no science,” she said. “I felt like a loser and I felt I wanted more out of life. ” Growing up she was told not to go to libraries but she sneaked away to them anyway and at home read anything she could, including cereal boxes and junk mail because there was little else. At 26, she got her high school equivalency diploma and began her college studies. Over the summer, she studied philosophy in Greece. Two of her grandparents speak to her two don’t. The friends she left behind, she said, are jealous of her freedom. Ms. Polaki plans to apply to   colleges and hopes to attend an Ivy League school. Will anyone running for local office stand next to her for a photograph on a leafy New England campus?",0
10869,Russian Bombers Fly Within 50 Miles of California Coast,"posted by Eddie Four Russian strategic bombers triggered U.S. air defense systems while conducting practice bombing runs near Alaska this week, with two of the Tu-95 Bear H aircraft coming within 50 miles of the California coast, the North American Aerospace Defense Command (Norad) confirmed Wednesday. “The last time we saw anything similar was two years ago on the Fourth of July,” Navy Capt. Jeff Davis, a Norad spokesman, told the Free Beacon . Davis said the latest Bear H incursions began Monday around 4:30 p.m. Pacific time when radar detected the four turbo-prop powered bombers approaching the U.S. air defense zone near the far western Aleutian Islands. Two U.S. Air Force F-22 jets were scrambled and intercepted the bombers over the Aleutians. After tracking the bombers as they flew eastward, two of the four Bears turned around and headed west toward the Russian Far East. The bombers are believed to be based at the Russian strategic base near Anadyr, Russia. The remaining two nuclear-capable bombers then flew southeast and around 9:30 P.M. entered the U.S. northern air defense zone off the coast of Northern California. Two U.S. F-15 jets were deployed and intercepted the bombers as they eventually flew within 50 miles of the coast before turning around and heading west. A defense official said the four bombers also were supported by two IL-78 aerial refueling tankers that were used for mid-air refueling during the operation this week. The Tu-95 is a long-range strike aircraft capable of carrying nuclear cruise missiles. Other versions are equipped with intelligence-gathering sensors and electronic warfare gear. It has a range of around 9,400 miles without refueling. Davis said the aircraft “acted professionally” and the bombers appeared to be conducting a training mission. “They typically do long range aviation training in the summer and it is not unusual for them to be more active during this time,” he said. “We assess this was part of training. And they did not enter territorial airspace.” The bomber incursion is the latest Russian nuclear saber-rattling amid stepped up tensions over Moscow’s military annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea. Rep. Mike Conaway (R., Texas), a member of the House Armed Services Committee, called the Russian flights “intentional provocations.” “Putin is doing this specifically to try to taunt the U.S. and exercise, at least in the reported world, some sort of saber-rattling, muscle-flexing kind of nonsense,” Conaway said in an interview. “Truth of the matter is we would have squashed either one of those [bombers] like baby seals.” “It’s a provocation and it’s unnecessary. But it fits in with [Putin’s] macho kind of saber-rattling,” he said, adding that he expects Russia will carry out more of these kinds of incidents in the future. Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Thomas McInerney, a former Alaska commander for the North American Aerospace Defense Command, said he does not remember a case of Russian strategic bombers coming that close to the U.S. coast. “Again we see the Obama administration through their covert—but overt to Mr. Putin—unilateral disarmament, inviting adventurism by the Russians,” McInerney said in an email. “At the height of the Cold War I do not remember them getting this close. Mr. Putin had to approve this mission and he is just showing his personal contempt for President Obama right after meeting him in Normandy less than a week ago,” McInerney said. McInerney said no American president has been treated with such disrespect in U.S. history. “A sad day indeed and at the same time Mosul and Tikrit [Iraq] fall to radical Islamists after the Obama administration’s failed Iraq policy,” he added. “He snatched defeat from the jaws of victory yet again.” The Alaska-California bombers flight also came a month after a Russian Su-27 interceptor jet flew dangerously close to a U.S. RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft flying over the Sea of Okhotsk, north of Japan. In that incident on April 23, the Su-27 jet flew close to the RC-135, turned to reveal its air-to-air missiles to the crew, and then flew dangerously close to within 100 feet of the cockpit in a maneuver military officials called reckless. Davis said in the past 10 years, 50 Bear H bombers were intercepted near U.S. air defense zone, although he acknowledged that Monday’s flight near California was unusual. In April, a telephone conversation between two Russian ambassadors was posted on YouTube and appeared to show the diplomats joking about the Ukraine crisis and discussing the possible incursions in the United States and Eastern Europe. The leaked conversation between Igor Nilokaevich Chubarov and Sergey Viktorovich Bakharev, Russian ambassadors to the African nations Eritrea and Zimbabwe and Malawi, respectively, includes references to post-Crimea Russian imperialism to include Eastern Europe and “Californialand” and “Miamiland.” Russian Bear H flights elsewhere have increased in recent years. In February 2013, two of the bombers were intercepted as they circled the U.S. Pacific island of Guam, in a rare long-range incursion. Two Bear Hs also were intercepted near Alaska on April 28, 2013. A Russian Bear H incursion in Asia took place in in July 2013 when two Tu-95s were intercepted by Japanese and South Korean jets near the Korean peninsula and Japan’s northern Hokkaido Island. The July 4, 2012, bomber flights near the West Coast were the first time since the Cold War that Russian jets has traveled so close to the U.S. coastline. That action followed an earlier intrusion by Tu-95s near Alaska that were part of large-scale strategic nuclear exercises by the Russians aimed at practicing strikes on enemy air defenses. Russia has stepped up provocative nuclear war games in recent years as part of propaganda efforts to display Moscow’s dislike of U.S. missile defenses in Europe.",0
10870,Okinawa Murder Case Heightens Outcry Over U.S. Military’s Presence - The New York Times,"OKINAWA, Japan  —   Memorial Day weekend is normally party time on Gate Street, a seedy strip of bars and clubs outside a giant United States Air Force base here. During this year’s holiday, though, Gate Street was all but deserted, its customers  —   young Americans from the military installations that blanket much of this southern Japanese island  —   barred by their superiors from partying in public. The reason: a recent murder that has angered Okinawans and damaged relations between Tokyo and Washington. The killing of the    Okinawan woman, whose body was found decomposing in a suitcase last month, has been linked to an American military contractor who is a Marine veteran. The outcry after the man, Kenneth Franklin Shinzato, was arrested on May 19 has been so strong that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe protested publicly to President Obama during the president’s recent trip to Japan. The unusual rebuke over a criminal case by another head of state marred a visit that was otherwise carefully choreographed to celebrate friendly relations and included Mr. Obama’s historic visit to Hiroshima. Mr. Abe, at a joint news conference, professed “shock” over the murder and asked Mr. Obama “to understand the feelings of the Japanese people” and strengthen military discipline. Mr. Shinzato has not yet been formally charged, a decision that can take weeks in Japan. His lawyer has declined to comment. Okinawans have complained for years about violence, noise and other problems associated with American bases. But this murder case is threatening to ratchet up opposition to the United States’ large military presence, which dates to the end of World War II. “We’ve heard apologies and promises of prevention hundreds of times, for decades, but it hasn’t had any effect,” said Okinawa’s governor, Takeshi Onaga. Okinawans still bitterly remember a 1995 rape of a    girl involving two Marines and a Navy sailor, which led to protests, as well as more recent episodes. Mr. Onaga was once the leader of the local chapter of Mr. Abe’s   Liberal Democratic Party, but he has broken with the prime minister over the issue of America’s military footprint, which he wants greatly reduced. Half of the 50, 000 American military personnel in Japan are stationed here, and United States facilities take up   of Okinawan land. Anger is increasingly reflected in the politics of Okinawa, where local elections are being held on Sunday. Late last month, the Okinawa Prefectural Assembly passed a resolution demanding that all United States Marines be removed from the island, its strongest censure of the American military to date. Local elections are being held on Sunday. The spot where the woman’s body was found, in woods beside a golf course, has been covered with hundreds of offerings of flowers, food and drink. The furor is erupting at a sensitive time for Okinawa, and for Japan, and the growing wealth and power of China has sharpened the debate about the island’s future. Mr. Abe is seeking to reinforce its position as a military outpost by building a new but widely contested base for the Marines and expanding Japan’s own military assets. Japan’s   Forces began operating a sophisticated new radar station this year on the tiny island of Yonaguni, part of Okinawa Prefecture, to monitor Chinese naval activity in the East China Sea. But at the same time, Asia’s new prosperity is opening up other possibilities. These were on display 40 minutes south of Gate Street in Naha, Okinawa’s capital, where tourists from Taiwan, China and South Korea thronged the city’s shopping streets and hotels. Foreign tourism was up 70 percent last year. Airlines are adding new international flights to the semitropical island, while more Asian cruise lines are docking at Naha’s port. “Okinawa used to be an object of pity in Japan, but now it’s a brand,” said Hiroshi Meguro, a former research fellow at the Institute of Okinawan Studies at Hosei University in Tokyo. The bases never made Okinawans rich: The prefecture has the lowest   income in Japan,   below the national average. Now, dependence on them is in decline, Mr. Meguro said, and with it Okinawans’ tolerance for the problems they bring. Some in Okinawa would like to follow the example of the Philippines, which pushed out the American military in the early 1990s and redeveloped a major Navy base, at Subic Bay, into a lucrative resort destination. “When it comes to the economy and tourism, it’s ‘Welcome, China,’” Mr. Meguro said. “Of course, it glosses over the fact that the Philippines has started to invite American forces back because it’s being menaced by China. ” Hiroji Yamashiro, a retired local civil servant, said that he wanted Okinawa to become a tourist center, but that the bases stood in the way. He spends most days protesting outside the gates of Camp Schwab, a Marine armory and firing range in the north that the Japanese and American governments want to radically expand by filling in a bay and building a pair of aircraft runways. The plan illustrates the complexities facing Japanese and American policy makers. The expanded base is intended to replace another facility to the south, Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, which sits in the middle of a crowded city and has been the object of some of the most vigorous complaints by Okinawans. A Marine helicopter crashed just outside its walls in 2004, damaging a university. Tokyo and Washington agreed two decades ago to shift much of Futenma’s equipment and personnel to Schwab. But local opposition has blocked the move, and work on the project was frozen before it really began. On a boat ride around the bay, Mr. Yamashiro pointed to nearly uninterrupted beaches surrounding Camp Schwab. A couple of young men with military haircuts and snorkels had a small island inside its perimeter to themselves. Mr. Yamashiro said they should be replaced by far larger numbers of Chinese and Taiwanese tourists. “The future is opening up in front of us, but the Japanese government is blocking it,” Mr. Yamashiro said. Successive Japanese and American governments have struggled to find a satisfactory solution to the Futenma issue. Deadlines to start construction at Schwab have come and gone, holding up a broader reorganization of United States forces in Japan that would move some troops off Okinawa to Guam. But critics of the   plan, including Mr. Onaga, the governor, are holding out for a more drastic drawdown. “Okinawa is isolated, physically and in people’s minds,” said Susumu Inamine, the mayor of Nago, where Camp Schwab is situated. He does not want the base expanded, and has rebuffed offers of subsidies from the government in Tokyo that are contingent on his accepting the plan. “For the government, it’s a faraway place where what happens doesn’t impose any pain on the mainland,” he said. The local authorities have little say over base policy. But they can hold up projects with tactics like withholding construction permits. The prefectural government recently fought Tokyo to a standstill in court over the expansion plan. A judge persuaded both sides to return to the negotiating table in March, but neither has shown signs of retreating. “We’ll keep delaying until 2020, then 2030,” Mr. Inamine said. “The question is, can the U. S. wait that long before looking for another option?” Many Americans in Okinawa feel the military has been unfairly demonized. They point to crime statistics that show United States personnel are arrested at lower rates than locals. Still, some sympathize with Okinawans’ sense that the United States occupation of their island, which formally concluded in 1972, has never truly ended. Part of the problem is that the American military’s presence extends across the whole island, said a retired member of the Air Force who has lived in Japan for three decades and was stationed at various bases across Japan. Today, he manages several businesses in Okinawa, including one that does contract work for the military, and like other Americans with base connections, he requested anonymity to speak. Michio Sakima, the owner of the Sakima Art Museum next to the Futenma base, said Okinawans’ anger over the recent killing reflected   political frustration as much as the brutal nature of the crime. His museum shares a fence with the base, and Futenma’s closing would relieve Mr. Sakima of the noise of jets and helicopters. But he opposes moving the Marines to Camp Schwab, he said, on the grounds that it would entrench the military presence on the island. “We are still a colony,” he said. “When a serious crime happens, that’s when our real feelings come out. ”",0
10871,"From Links to Lucifer to Calls for Execution, Republicans Seethe at Hillary Clinton - The New York Times","There have been aerial signs reading “Hillary for Prison,” rallying cries of “lock her up,” misogynistic souvenir swag mocking her body parts and, in a violent turn, a public call for Hillary Clinton to be executed. Political conventions are usually a mix of talking up the party’s nominee and denouncing the opponent. But as Republicans gather in Cleveland to nominate Donald J. Trump, the venom being directed at Mrs. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, has taken a strikingly sinister tone that makes the days of   and   at past conventions seem tame. Here are some of the harshest attacks leveled at Mrs. Clinton this week. Hillary Clinton’s responsibility for the deaths of Americans in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012 has been a regular topic of conversation among Republicans, and on Tuesday Al Baldasaro, a delegate for Mr. Trump from New Hampshire who advises him on veterans issues, suggested that she had committed treason. “This whole thing disgusts me  —   Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason,” Mr. Baldasaro said on The Kuhner Report radio show. Mrs. Clinton has not been charged with committing any crimes. Mr. Trump has previously described Mr. Baldasaro, a state representative from New Hampshire who was on the convention floor on Tuesday night, as his favorite veteran. Mr. Baldasaro had no regrets about the remark on Wednesday, telling WMUR of Manchester, N. H. that he would also be satisfied with other forms of execution. “As far as I’m concerned, it is treason and the penalty for treason is the firing squad  —   or maybe it’s the electric chair now,” he said. The U. S. Secret Service later said it was investigating the matter. If execution is taking things too far, sending Mrs. Clinton to prison is another popular wish at the Republican National Convention. The chants of “lock her up!” echoed through Quicken Loans Arena on Monday night when Michael Flynn, a retired lieutenant general advising Mr. Trump, ripped into Mrs. Clinton for her “careless” use of a private email server as secretary of state. “Lock her up,” he said, rousing the crowd. “You’re damn right. There’s nothing wrong with that. Lock her up! You know why we’re saying that? If I did a 10th of what she did, I would be in jail today. ” Mr. Flynn, who was briefly considered as a potential running mate for Mr. Trump, also called on “Crooked Hillary Clinton” to quit the race because of her lack of integrity. Ben Carson got a prime speaking slot at the convention on Tuesday evening, and he took a different approach at questioning Mrs. Clinton’s integrity. Digging into her college thesis about Saul Alinksy, the   community organizer and radical, Mr. Carson suggested that Mrs. Clinton admired him. Then he pointed out that Mr. Alinsky had acknowledged Lucifer on the dedication page of one of his books, suggesting that such an association was somehow damning for Mrs. Clinton. “Are we willing to elect someone as president who has as their role model someone who acknowledges Lucifer?” Mr. Carson asked. “Think about that. ” The connection might seem like a stretch, but Mr. Carson, who ended his own presidential bid in March, doubled down on his assertions Wednesday morning. “If she believed that at that time  —   and now you look at her actions  —   you look at what she advocates, the killing of babies, the dissolution of the traditional family, all these kinds of things  —   those are pretty consistent, quite frankly,” Mr. Carson said on CNN. One of the most emotional attacks on Mrs. Clinton came from Patricia Smith, whose son was killed in the 2012 Benghazi attack. On the first night of the convention, she called Mrs. Clinton a liar who was responsible for her son’s death. “For all of this loss, for all of this grief, for all of this cynicism the tragedy in Benghazi has brought upon America, I blame Hillary Clinton,” she told the cheering crowd on Monday. “I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the death of my son. ” After laying blame on Mrs. Clinton, Ms. Smith also accused her of lying to her directly about how her son, Sean, had died and said that the State Department had withheld information from her. “How could she do this to me? ,” she said. “How could she do this to any American family?”",0
10872,Putin Just Gave Obama 24 Hours – OR ELSE!,"Putin Just Gave Obama 24 Hours – OR ELSE! Oct 29, 2016 Previous post 
Russia and the United States have never been allies. One easily remembers how tense and long-lasting the Cold War was, and it left Russia very angry that they suffered such a demoralizing defeat as a world power. 
While the United States should not become Vladimir Putin’s best friend, we also have to realize that Russia is a super power in this world and we must take them seriously. 
Hillary and Obama dislike Putin because he only answers to strength and toughness, which is exactly why it is evident he likes Donald Trump. 
As a way to project strength, Obama and Hillary continue to call Putin every name in the book while blaming him for cyber attacks and WikiLeaks. 
On Friday, October 21, Putin issued a global message that if Hillary Clinton and Barrack Obama continue to slander Russia, he was 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
10873,Re: Bombshell FBI story on Clinton’s emails not showing up as trending in Facebook news feeds,"Bombshell FBI story on Clinton’s emails not showing up as trending in Facebook news feeds Posted at 9:38 pm on October 28, 2016 by Greg P. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
As of the writing of this post, “Anthony Weiner,”“Weiner,” and “James Comey” are all trending nationally as a result of the bombshell news today that the FBI is still investigating Hillary Clinton over the use of her privater server… 
…but now check out what’s trending on Facebook, both on its “Top Trends” and “Politics” tabs. Or shall we say, not trending: The most talked about story in America, FBI investigation into Clinton's emails, isn't trending on Facebook. Not even on the Politics tab. pic.twitter.com/sBAWCclijL 
— Michael Duncan (@MichaelDuncan) October 29, 2016 
Time for some answers, Facebook: Seriously. I'd like to hear an answer on this. Somehow the largest social network in the world is unaware of the biggest story in America https://t.co/qB35xJZ0RW 
— Josh Holmes (@HolmesJosh) October 29, 2016 Ruh ro @facebook . Say it ain't so… and Weiner is not trending?!?! Impossible. https://t.co/n5per20ZPu 
— Josh Holmes (@HolmesJosh) October 29, 2016 
And get this — Mark Kirk is still trending over his debate answer on Tammy Duckworth from yesterday: @HolmesJosh @facebook but Mark Kirk sure as hell is. Amazing. 
— Chris Averill (@applecore6ca) October 29, 2016 
And why is Tony Blair trending over reports he wants a revote on Brexit? Come on, Facebook! Get it together! Trending",0
10874,Drones Are Officially Cleaning Up Ocean Trash [Watch],"Thanks to the intelligent use of technology, the world’s oceans are already getting a little bit cleaner. This is great news, considering that at present, the world’s oceans are ridden with pollution... ",0
10875,Firebrand Israeli Politician Endorses Marine Le Pen,"An Israeli deputy of the ruling Likud party of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has endorsed   migration French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen despite Israel’s ban on communicating with the Front National. [Israeli deputy Oren Hazan gave his support and endorsement to Ms. Le Pen on Twitter on Wednesday before the   long debate that evening. Mr. Hazan wrote: “Madame Le Pen, I offer my support for the debate this evening as well as during the second round of the election on Sunday for the construction of the future of France,” The Times of Israel reports.  Madame Le Pen, au débat ce soir j’apporte mon soutien, aussi au second tour  —   pour la construction de l’avenir de la France 🇷@MLP_officiel,  —   אורן חזן (@oren_haz) May 3, 2017,  Hazan has been a Member of the Israeli Knesset since 2015 and has been considered somewhat of a firebrand in Israeli politics. The MK has been a keen supporter of U. S. President Donald Trump during the presidential campaign last year. Despite a negative reaction from many in his own party who have called for him to be excluded from future elections, Hazan has defended his remarks. In an interview with Israeli broadcaster, i24 News Hazan said: “A lot of other members of the House say in private that they support Marine Le Pen but are afraid to [say so publicly]. ” “Marine Le Pen took all the bad,   things her father did and kicked him out of his own party,” Hazan added saying Le Pen had transformed the Front National and manoeuvred it away from its controversial past. “When I put my support in Marine Le Pen I looked at the State of Israel’s interests for safety, security, fighting radical Islam, and fighting terror,” he said. “In a few years if nothing changes France is going to be a radical Islam[ic] country. We want to stop this. I don’t think the left side of the political map can do it. I believe she can do it. ” The Front National made an attempt to reach out to Israeli lawmakers earlier this year when Party Secretary Nicolas Bay made a brief visit to the country. Bay met with several prominent Israelis in an effort to normalise relations between Israel and the Front National. “Israel is the front wall that is fighting against radical Islam and terror all around the world,” Hazan said. “We need more people who don’t speak ‘politically correct’ and see eye to eye [with Israel]. ” In France, the number of   incidents has rapidly risen over the past few years and often Jewish people are targetted by radical Islamists. The situation has become so difficult for French Jews that a record number have left for Israel. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com ",0
10877,"British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate - The New York Times","READING, England  —   With its     robotics, Magal Engineering’s factory in the colorless outskirts of this busy commercial town west of London is an important component of Britain’s booming car industry, churning out millions of sophisticated vehicle parts every year. Yet as Britain prepares to leave the European Union, Magal is having to rethink its operations here. The company has sister factories in France and Germany, imports components from them to assemble in Reading, and sends many finished products back across the English Channel  —   all with minimal paperwork and no tariffs. Britain’s departure from the European Union could change all that, ending the   trade that Magal enjoys, potentially disrupting the hiring of crucial engineers from abroad and requiring new hires to keep up with the added paperwork. Britain’s exit is a “big worry” and ideally would be stopped, says Gamil Magal, Magal Engineering’s chief executive. But as a realist, he is preparing to live with it. That means suspending investment in Britain and contemplating production cuts here, even as the company continues to put money into France. With Britain, the policy is “wait and see,” Mr. Magal said, speaking in his office above this bustling factory in a building that once produced World War II aircraft. Although Britain’s economy has so far not suffered the economic blowback that many predicted would follow the vote in a referendum last year to quit the bloc, British companies that import or export goods and services are anxiously assessing the potential costs of departure. Complicating matters is continuing uncertainty over the terms of departure that the government wants to negotiate. Prime Minister Theresa May plans to start two years of formal talks with the European Union on Britain’s withdrawal, widely known as Brexit, by the end of March, and on Tuesday she is expected to give some more detail about her objectives. “We don’t know what is going to happen, the government doesn’t know what is going to happen, and I am not sure that the government even knows what it is asking for,” said David Bailey, professor of industrial strategy at Aston University. There are signs that   companies might be taking action already, ahead of the actual Brexit. In a survey of 233 financial services companies published in The Sunday Times of London last week, 39 said they would reduce staffing because of the Brexit vote, and half of that number had already started to do so. For British banks, a big worry is whether they will able to continue offering services to clients across the bloc. “Most international banks now have project teams working out which operations they need to move to ensure they can continue serving customers, the date by which this must happen, and how best to do it,” Anthony Browne, the chief executive of the British Bankers Association, wrote in The Observer last year. “Their hands are quivering over the relocate button,” he added. Sectors like agriculture, hospitality and construction are worried about labor. They all rely heavily on workers from Southern or Eastern Europe, whose right to employment here may be curbed to achieve Mrs. May’s objective of reducing immigration. Mrs. May has not said explicitly whether she wants Britain to remain in Europe’s Customs Union, which provides for   trade across the   bloc, and includes some nonmembers like Turkey. Nor has she detailed what kind of relationship she wants with the European Union’s single market, which aims to eliminate nontariff barriers and to forge a single services market. But she said in a recent interview that when Britain quits the union, it will not be keeping “bits” of its membership, suggesting that she will be seeking something closer to a clean break, or “hard Brexit. ” And with the clock now ticking toward a planned departure from the union in 2019, companies are already having to contemplate that outcome, even before Ms. May lays out her intentions on Tuesday. For Mr. Magal, the threat of trade tariffs is forcing him to rethink the structure of his business. The company assembles thermostatic control units for car manufacturers, including Jaguar Land Rover in Britain and Daimler in Germany. Tariffs could add anything up to 10 percent to the price of some of his products, an increase he can neither afford to absorb nor pass on. “We don’t make 10 percent profit  —   that’s for sure,” he said, adding, “We won’t be able to increase the price, because the customer will say, ‘We will buy from the competition.’ ” The logic is to reduce the amount of products that are made in Britain for continental Europe, and vice versa. Mr. Magal said that European clients were asking him to consider moving production. “With all the new projects we are getting now from Europe, they are saying, ‘Why can’t you put it in your plant in Europe? Why do you need to do it in the U. K.?’ ” he said. If there is a hard Brexit, as seems increasingly likely, some production might be shifted to Britain from the Continent to serve the British market, but more would shift the other way, Mr. Magal said, adding that some parts could be made only in Germany. It is unclear what the impact will be on the Reading factory and its 230 jobs, or on another British factory that employs about 100 people. Mr. Magal is also worried about recruiting engineers, who are in short supply in Britain, if new immigration restrictions are put in place. And he thinks he may have to hire more administrative staff to deal with possible tariffs and other red tape. British car manufacturing, which has been booming in recent years after a period of decline, is particularly vulnerable to tariffs. Key components flow back and forth across the English Channel before a car is built, and then the assembled vehicle itself is often exported. That could mean paying tariffs repeatedly at different stages along the way. Around   of the 1. 6 million vehicles built in Britain in 2015 were sold abroad about 57 percent of British car exports go to the European Union. Last year, Gareth Jones, president of Britain’s Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, called for continued “membership of the single market,” and the ability to trade “free from barriers and red tape. ” He appealed to the government, “Don’t screw it up!” British officials say, however, that the country imports more vehicles from the European Union (800, 000 a year from Germany alone) than it exports to it, so would be a net beneficiary, in revenue terms, from a tariff war. Yet Germany has a bigger economic interest in keeping the 27 other European Union nations together in a single market than it does in cutting Britain a favorable deal that would undermine that market. A   negotiation seems inevitable. And the longer Brexit uncertainty prevails, the less attractive Britain is likely to be for many manufacturers, including those from the auto industry. “The value chain crosses borders numerous times, so anything that gets in the way  —   tariff or nontariff barriers  —   is likely to mean less investment,” Mr. Bailey said.",0
10878,Historian’s Latest Book on Mao Turns Acclaim in China to Censure - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   It seemed that China’s censors had finally muzzled Yang Jisheng, the famed chronicler of the Mao era. Last year, he had finished writing a widely anticipated history of the Cultural Revolution. But officials warned him against publishing it and barred him from traveling to the United States, he has said, and he stayed muted through the 50th anniversary of the start of that bloody upheaval. Now Mr. Yang has broken that silence with the publication of his history of the Cultural Revolution, “The World Turned Upside Down,” a sequel to “Tombstone,” his landmark study of the famine spawned by Mao’s policies in the late 1950s. The   book is the latest shot fired in China’s war over remembering, or forgetting, the dark side of its Communist past, a struggle that has widened under the   president, Xi Jinping. “I wrote this book to expose lies and restore the truth,” Mr. Yang writes in the book, which has been quietly published in Hong Kong, beyond the direct reach of Chinese censors. “This is an area that is extremely complicated and risky, but as soon as I entered it, I was filled with passion. ” Since Mr. Xi took power in 2012, the Communist Party authorities have denounced historians who question the party’s lionization of its past and exhume grim events like the Cultural Revolution, which Mao started in 1966, opening a decade of purges and bloodshed. Tens of millions were persecuted and perhaps a million or more people were killed in that convulsive time. But officials say dwelling on such events is subversive “historical nihilism” aimed at corroding the party’s authority. In a sign of how Chinese politics has chilled, Mr. Yang has said little publicly about the book. “Since the book was published, I’ve been told not to discuss it with foreign media,” he said in a brief telephone conversation. He would not say whether he had authorized “The World Turned Upside Down” to be published in Hong Kong. “There’s quite a lot of pressure,” Mr. Yang said. “I just wanted to restore this big story and the facts behind it, to recover the history. ” Mr. Yang, 76, was a university student in Beijing when the Cultural Revolution erupted. He threw himself into the early phase, when Mao unleashed student radicals to purge school leaders and Communist Party cadres. Mr. Yang later worked as a journalist for Xinhua, the state news agency, watching as the fervor of the Cultural Revolution fractured into disarray and disillusionment. After a career in journalism, he turned to writing histories of contemporary China. Up until several years ago, Chinese newspapers and magazines still published laudatory profiles of Mr. Yang. But now he is often denounced by Maoists emboldened by the   pronouncements. Party journals have attacked his conclusion that up to 36 million people died in a famine from 1958 caused by the Great Leap Forward, Mao’s reckless attempt to leap into a communist utopia, which Mr. Yang chronicled in “Tombstone. ” That book was published in Chinese in Hong Kong in 2008. “Yang Jisheng is not a historian,” an editorial in Global Times, an ardently   Chinese newspaper, said last year. “He leaves the impression that he’s not interested in history, and virtually all his later works display strong political tendencies. ” Last year, Yanhuang Chunqiu, a   Chinese history magazine where Mr. Yang was long a chief editor, was taken over by editors much more willing to toe the party line. The changed atmosphere was also evident when a court in Beijing ordered a historian to apologize for questioning the party’s heroic account of a 1941 battle in the war against Japan. Last year, too, Chinese media mostly stayed silent about the 50th anniversary of the start of the Cultural Revolution. An exception was an editorial in the party’s main newspaper, People’s Daily, which urged citizens to look to the future. “Chinese political culture, both past and present, insists that the legitimacy of rulers depends on an immaculate record of what they have done,” said Perry Link, a professor at the University of California, Riverside, who has written widely about Chinese culture and politics. “They’re afraid that telling the truth about those events pulls the rug on their right to rule,” he said. “They want to be damn well sure that history stays inside its box. ” Now that “The World Turned Upside Down” has appeared in stores, the next battle will be over whether people get to read it in China, where such books are banned. The book began appearing in late December in Hong Kong, which keeps its own system of law, including much greater freedom than is found in mainland China. That freedom has shrunk in recent years. Publishers there have been spooked by the 2015 abduction to China of five Hong Kong booksellers who peddled lurid, poorly sourced potboilers about China’s leaders. Even so, Hong Kong remains an enclave for books banned in mainland China. Piles of Mr. Yang’s book in bookstores there suggest that mainland readers have been buying copies to sneak across the border, despite customs checks. “Mr. Yang’s work is quite influential inside China,” said Jian Guo, who together with Stacy Mosher translated “Tombstone” into English and is translating “The World Turned Upside Down” with Ms. Mosher. “Yes, some of his books, including ‘Tombstone,’ are banned on the mainland,” Mr. Guo said. “But an electronic version of ‘Tombstone’ has been floating around since 2008, and an enormous amount of pirated copies has been distributed by small book vendors. ” Mr. Guo, a professor at the University of   said the abridged translation of Mr. Yang’s latest book would include about   of its original content. “We expect to publish in 2019,” Eric Chinski, the editor in chief of Farrar, Straus and Giroux, said in an email. The company also published an abridged translation of “Tombstone” in 2012. Mr. Yang’s book is by no means the first history of the Cultural Revolution several were published under official auspices in mainland China in earlier decades as the Chinese government tried to confront the ordeal of the era. But in recent years, the party has become much more wary about allowing such research. Many younger people have only a sketchy idea of what happened when Mao started the Cultural Revolution to purge China of what he saw as threats to the purity and survival of his revolution. Mr. Yang “wanted his readers to remember the tragedy of the past, whether it was the Great Famine or the Cultural Revolution, to reflect on it, to make sense of it, so that the tragedy would not repeat itself,” said Mr. Guo, the translator. “He considered this task of a conscientious rememberer to be all the more urgent now in the face of the officially enforced historical amnesia in China,” Mr. Guo added. Mr. Yang did not have extensive access to archives for his new book, as he did when he wrote “Tombstone. ” Instead, he drew on hundreds of memoirs, histories and studies, many published in Hong Kong or available online, and there are fewer revelations than in his previous book. As in other recent scholarship, Mr. Yang emphasizes that much of the worst bloodshed came later in the Cultural Revolution, when Mao brought back the military and party apparatus to brutally enforce order. “It’s fair to say this is a work by an eminent journalist, rather than a product by an academic historian,” said Warren Sun, a historian of the Chinese Communist Party at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. He said he had read some draft chapters of Mr. Yang’s book, and found a few debatable claims. But Mr. Yang “was working under very difficult conditions, and thus deserved great respect for his moral courage,” Mr. Sun said.",0
10879,"Venezuela, Accused of Selling Passports to Hezbollah, Is Running Out of Passports for Venezuelans - Breitbart","The socialist government of Venezuela is reportedly struggling to meet the demands of its citizenry in obtaining passports, both to flee the country and to replace their expired passports abroad. [The demand has led some officials to demand bribes in order to expedite the process, despite the debut of a new online system the government promised would issue passports with a   turnaround time.  Venezuelans are objecting that denying them their passports is a violation of their right to travel and suspect that dictator Nicolás Maduro may be attempting to limit the growth of the exile community abroad, especially those whose legal status in a host country may be negatively affected if their passports expire and the government does not issue them a replacement. Venezuela has been accused of acquiring an advanced passport printing mechanism intended to prevent the creation of counterfeit documents with help from the communist government of Cuba, then using the system to create genuine Venezuelan government documents for   citizens affiliated with Shiite terrorist organizations, including Hezbollah. A Fox News report noted Thursday that the government has told the hundreds a day who line up outside the Identification Administration, Migration, and Foreign Affairs Service (Saime) offices seeking passports that the agency no longer has the physical materials necessary to print the number of passports citizens are demanding. Fox News estimates the number of passports requested in 2016 to be between 1. 8 million and three million and the   Venezuelan diaspora to consist of nearly two million people. Venezuela issued 300, 000 passports last year. A former Venezuelan government security official told Miami’s El Nuevo Herald last month that part of the problem was the government’s inability to import the materials necessary to make the passports or fix their incapacitated printers. “Of the eleven machines the government bought to print passports, only two are functioning,” Anthony Daquín told the publication. “The rest have been cannibalized because there is no money for maintenance. ” Daquín told the Herald that the scarcity has led some officials to sell passports illegally for bribes of up to $500. The monthly minimum wage in Venezuela, for comparison, is about $13. 50. Others have accused the Venezuelan government of demanding even more money. Ángelo De Dominicis, a Venezuelan engineer in Chile, told the NGO Transparencia Venezuela that an official asked for $1, 650 to procure a passport, far more than the standard embassy price of $80. NGO president Mercedes De Freitas told news outlets she had also heard of Venezuelan officials asking nationals in Puerto Rico for $1400 to renew a passport. De Freitas is preparing to accuse Venezuela of corruption in issuing passports before the Interamerican Human Rights Commission. “The increase in corruption and extortion due to these shortages is incredible,” she lamented. Saime has responded to these shortages by announcing a new procedure for renewing the documents online. The process would reportedly take 72 hours and cost 67, 800 bolivars ($21). Venezuelans have protested, however, that the website for the program has been down for extended periods of time, making the system impossible to use. The Venezuelan newspaper El Nacional estimates that the inability to renew passports could be affecting as many as 60, 000 families in Florida alone. During the tenure of late dictator Hugo Chávez, the socialist Venezuelan government invested heavily in restoring its passport printing system. According to documents revealed as part of the dump known as the “Panama Papers”  —   documents from the international law firm Mossack Fonseca  —   the Cuban government paid for the new passport system, with the law firm working within corporate structures to allow for the purchase of passport printing technology from a German company. Long before the Panama Papers revelations, reports had begun to surface that the Venezuelan government was creating genuine government documents in the names of individuals who were not Venezuelan citizens but willing to pay thousands of dollars for Latin American passports. These passports allow for easier access to much of the Western hemisphere than Middle Eastern passports. According to Misael López Soto, a former official at the Venezuelan embassy in Baghdad, Venezuela sold birth certificates, passports, and other identifying documents to Syrian, Lebanese, Iraqi, and other nationals, many of whom were individuals López believed had ties to Hezbollah. López told CNN last month that the average price a Middle Eastern national paid Venezuela for these documents was between $10, 000 and $15, 000.",0
10880,"Atop the Gymnastics World, Simone Biles Can’t Suppress Her Grin - The New York Times","ST. LOUIS  —   At the end of the United States women’s gymnastics championships here on Sunday night, so many gold medals hung around Simone Biles’s neck that when she walked, they clinked so loudly it made her giggle. A few times, she grabbed her medals to silence them and laughed yet again. “I always have so much fun,” Biles said later, after she had won her fourth straight national title in the   event and gold medals in three of the four individual events. The last time a woman had won a fourth consecutive national title in the   was 42 years ago. “People think you have to be serious to do a good job,” she said. “But I think if you’re having fun, you can do better. You can look back someday and say, wow, I had a good time instead of being so stressed out. ” That’s easier said than done in elite gymnastics, a sport that can be a dangerous endeavor. One slip could break bones or tear ligaments, or possibly something worse. But this    attitude in a grueling, often solemn sport works for Biles, the   defending world champion in the  . And it makes perfect sense that it works. After all, it’s fun to compete when you win and win and when the word around the sport is that you’re the best gymnast ever. Mary Lou Retton, the Olympic gold medalist in the   in 1984, has called Biles the top gymnast in history. Nastia Liukin, the Olympic gold medalist in 2008, has said that Biles is a lock for the gold medal at the Rio Games in August and that the real competition is for second place. During the   national championships here, which were a   for next month’s Olympic trials in San Jose, Calif. Martha Karolyi, the women’s national team coordinator, watched Biles’s routines closely  —   often with eyes opened extra wide. After several of Biles’s big performances  —   and nearly all of them were big performances  —   Karolyi said, “Wow!” It was a substantial reaction from a woman who is the opposite of effusive: She gave two slow claps to Gabrielle Douglas’s floor exercise on Sunday, and Douglas is the reigning Olympic champion in the  . Could it be that Karolyi was saving her applause for Biles, who can perform feats more difficult than those of any other woman Karolyi has seen in her   years in the sport? “She’s definitely on top of my list,” Karolyi said when asked where she would rank Biles on the list of history’s top gymnasts. “She’s a great combination of physical abilities and strong mind. Oh, that’s what we want. That’s a package!” Her husband, Bela Karolyi, a legendary gymnastics coach, got to the heart of why Biles is often smiling and joking when other gymnasts look stoic or pained. He, too, said that Biles was phenomenal and that he had “never seen anyone like her. ” “She can afford to enjoy it: She’s   she’s doing so easily what other people are struggling to do,” Bela Karolyi said. “Of course she could be happy. Son of a gun, I’d love to be that way, too!” He added that it was “almost a certainty” that Biles would win the gold medal in the   in Rio. Based on her performance at nationals and most of her performances of the last, let’s estimate, 1, 068 days, at least, that appears to be true. At nationals, Biles, 19, beat   Aly Raisman, who won two gold medals at the 2012 Olympics, by nearly 4 points. That means by a mile. It also means Biles could have fallen during several of her routines  —   even   on the uneven bars  —   and still have won such is the high degree of difficulty of her routines, something that sets her apart from her competitors. But there was no   stumbling from Biles this time around. While she did have some bobbles on her final two events  —   the uneven bars and the balance beam  —   she still scored 125 points in all. That’s an improvement from last year, when she won the title by nearly 5 points. It’s hard to believe that someone so good is getting even better. Maybe that’s what has put her in such a sunny mood. Biles smiled nearly the whole way through her floor exercise on both days of nationals, as if she were dancing barefoot on the lawn of her backyard, with no one watching. While waiting for her turn on the vault, she started laughing just seconds before sprinting down the runway. That’s just before she landed one of the world’s hardest vaults  —   an Amanar, which has one flip and two and a half twists. Judges awarded her effort with a nearly flawless 9. 9 for execution. Biles’s control and execution are just so crisp that her competition can’t keep up. Raisman, who was in her rotation group, watched and marveled at the ease with which Biles floated from event to event while Raisman and the other gymnasts fought to stay focused. Both train about 30 to 34 hours a week, but with much different attitudes. “I could never be as relaxed as she is, never,” Raisman said before explaining that her coach, Mihai Brestyan, had warned her not to let Biles’s   attitude rub off on her. “Mihai said when you can vault like Simone, then you can relax. Until then, you just focus. ” For Biles, the sport may just be simpler for her than for anyone else. She was made for gymnastics, with a tiny yet powerful body that makes it easier for her to launch herself into the air and twist and flip. She also has an uncanny ability to understand where her body is in the air in relation to the ground, an awareness that was noticed by her coach, Aimee Boorman, soon after she started taking lessons as a young child. Biles is 4 feet 9 inches and so springy that she might have springs for joints, although that suspicion remains unproven. The Karolyis said that the last time they had seen someone as naturally gifted as Biles was 40 years ago, when they coached Nadia Comaneci, the Romanian gymnast who won an Olympic gold medal in 1976 and scored the first perfect 10 at a Games. Comaneci was not bubbly the way Biles is, though. Far from it. When she performed her routines, she looked like a somber scientist following the steps of an equation, so careful not to misstep. She was great at what she did, but it looked like work. “Nadia kept everything inside,” Bela Karolyi said. “You had to guess what she was feeling. ” You don’t have to guess what Biles is feeling. Her grins and giggles say it all. You don’t have to guess what a massive impact she has made on the sport, either. For that, her collection of clinking medals says it all. Her 14 medals make her history’s most decorated American woman at the world championships. Reminded of that, Biles, of course, grins. “Gymnastics is a very good sport because you get to smile a lot if you want to, rather than running around on a basketball court or something, where it’s kind of hard to run around and smile,” she said. “So I like the personality of this sport. ” It’s loud and clinking, and it’s clear that the sport likes her back.",0
10881,Clinton cronies steered millions to foundation — and Bill’s wallet,"Email 

Two Bill Clinton cronies used their private consulting firm to steer millions in business to the former president while raising funds for the Clinton Foundation — and even called the arrangement “Bill Clinton Inc.” 
Doug Band, a top Clinton aide, detailed the complex financial arrangement between his company, Teneo, and the foundation in a memo contained in hacked e-mails released Wednesday by WikiLeaks. 
“Teneo partners have raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation, more than $5.25 million of which is in the bank,” the memo reads. 
“Teneo partners also have generated over $3 million in paid speeches for President Clinton, $1.25 million of which has been paid to him thus far.” 
The consulting company was formed by Band and former State Department envoy Declan Kelly. The memo about its activities shows the incestuous relationship between the foundation and the private business interests of the former president. 
In one arrangement, Kelly introduced Bob McCann, the head of UBS Wealth Management, to Clinton at an event in 2009. 
After the meeting, McCann donated hundreds of thousands to the foundation while inviting Clinton to give several paid speeches. 
Another arrangement involved the Laureate Foundation, which donated more than $1 million to the Clinton Global Initiative. 
Laureate was a “personal advisory services business,” the memo said, paying Clinton “$3.5 million annually to provide advice and serve as their honorary chairman.” 
The cozy relationship with the Clintons put the Baltimore-based Laureate at high-profile events with international players who could help it expand its reach around the globe. 
The Band memo also includes a section about “For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e., Bill Clinton Inc.).” 
Some of the speeches “secured” by Teneo include two $450,000 addresses delivered to UBS in 2011 and 2012, as well as a commitment for three additional paid speeches, if he chose to give them. 
Another secured event was a $1 million fee for Clinton to speak at two one-hour sessions during an event in Hong Kong. The fee included $400,000 for a private plane. 
“Since 2001, President Clinton’s business arrangements have yielded more than $30 million for him personally, with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years should he choose to continue with the current engagements,” the memo reads. 
The relationship between Band and the donors was criticized harshly by daughter Chelsea Clinton in another e-mail. 
Chelsea specifically called out Band and Teneo for “hustling’” business opportunities out of the foundation. 
“I continue to want — and to try — to disintermediate myself from this muddle, edify the corporate audit and existential process we are in — while also being a responsible board member, daughter and person,” Chelsea wrote in the 2011 e-mail. 
The relationship between foundation donors and Hillary Clinton’s State Department was raised through e-mails obtained by Citizens United in which top Hillary aide Huma Abedin appeared to vet donors’ access to the Clintons based on their links to the CGI. 
In a December 2012 e-mail in which a CGI official asks for Band and a few others to meet with Hillary during a trip to Ireland, Abedin writes to Band, “Are these legit cgi people?”",0
10882,Venezuelan Police Officer Fatally Shot in Anti-Government Protests,"Get short URL 0 8 0 0 A police officer of the Venezuelan state of Miranda was fatally shot and another was wounded during an anti-government protest, local police said. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – On Tuesday, the opposition-led National Assembly voted to initiate impeachment proceedings against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, claiming he had violated democracy, to which the president accused lawmakers of trying to stage a parliamentary coup. 
""The deceased official got a gunshot wound in the abdomen. He died when he was being tended to in the Los Salias clinic. Another one is wounded in the arm,"" Miguel Mederico, the spokesman for the Miranda police, said on Twitter on Wednesday. Funcionario fallecido recibió impacto de bala en abdomen. Falleció cuando lo atendían en clínica de Los Salias. El otro está herido en brazo — Miguel Mederico (@MiguelMederico) October 27, 2016 
​Earlier on Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation’s right to a referendum on Maduro's recall. According to media reports, police in some Venezuelan cities started to use tear gas against the opposition protesters. Este video muestra momentos cuando dispararon durante protestas en Los Salias. https://t.co/inB2fkITSO — Miguel Mederico (@MiguelMederico) October 27, 2016 ...",0
10884,Homeless thought criminal,"Channel list 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
10885,Samsung Heir’s Arrest in South Korea Intensifies Calls for Cleanup - The New York Times,"HONG KONG  —   A major corporate executive sits in jail, accused of participating in a corruption scandal that could topple a country’s top leader. In most places, that image would probably fuel a campaign to clean up incestuous links between business and government. That situation is now unfolding in South Korea  —   but the prospects for a major housecleaning look uncertain. The unprecedented arrest on Friday of the de facto leader of Samsung, the largest company in the country, highlighted once again the outsize political influence of the largest   companies there. Critics of their power cheered the arrest of Lee   Samsung’s vice chairman, as a major step toward curbing that authority. Still, others warned that the arrest would not necessarily lead to the sweeping changes they say South Korea needs to fight corruption and overhaul its economy. The arrest was “just the beginning,” said Sim   an opposition lawmaker who has campaigned for transparency at the largest companies. She warned against a tendency among the law enforcement agencies to treat major corporate chiefs with kid gloves. “We needed to see whether prosecutors ask for a sentence befitting his crimes and whether he is convicted with such a penalty,” Ms. Sim said. “Only when he finishes serving such a lengthy sentence will people believe that the law is alive in their country. ” It also raises questions about the fate of Samsung, a huge company whose electronics arm alone accounts for   of South Korea’s exports. Wearing a   suit, Mr. Lee emerged through the metal detectors of a court in Seoul, the capital, on Thursday and past a news media gantlet to his car, which drove him to a detention center to await a decision. Early Friday morning, he learned that he would be staying at the detention center through his trial. South Korea faces a tenuous balancing act. For decades, its growth has been fueled by companies like Samsung, one of a group of   conglomerates called chaebol. Chaebol are now firmly embedded in the country’s economy, with the 10 largest generating annual revenue exceeding 80 percent of South Korea’s gross domestic product. Business groups warn that disrupting the chaebol could hurt the broader economy. “We are shocked and deeply worried,” the Korea Employers Federation, a   lobby, said in a statement about the arrest. “Samsung is the global company that represents South Korea, and we fear that the vacuum in its management will weigh heavily on the economy by increasing uncertainty and hurt international credibility. ” But the power of the chaebol is coming up against rising public anger over the perception of corruption and favoritism. Among those 10 biggest chaebol, six of their leaders have been convicted of   crimes. Many have been pardoned or had their sentences suspended or reduced. Chaebol leaders face broader questions as well about whether their economic dominance squelches small business and innovation, accusations that their lobbyist denies. Reflecting the public mood, the governing  —   and usually    —   Liberty Korea Party said it respected the court’s decision to arrest Mr. Lee and expressed “regrets that the people have been again disappointed by the   collusion between politics and business. ” Mr. Lee is accused of bribery, embezzlement and perjury as part of an investigation into a confidante of the country’s president, Park  . Ms. Park now faces impeachment. Samsung has said Mr. Lee will work to clear his name in court. The police arrested Mr. Lee and took him into custody, an unprecedented move for a major Samsung official. But in terms of accusations of wrongdoing against a top executive, Samsung has been there before. Mr. Lee’s father, Lee   Samsung’s chairman, has twice been convicted of bribery and tax evasion. Still, the elder Mr. Lee never spent time in prison. The fate of the young Mr. Lee, critics of the chaebol say, will be a test of the country’s young democracy and judicial system. It will also be a test for Samsung. For the first time in its   history, the company has been left leaderless. With Mr. Lee gone, there is no top executive to make   plans and strategic decisions. Samsung has an army of professional executives that manage    operations of its 58 subsidiaries. But analysts say that without a   leader, decision making will slow. In chaebol culture, often likened to an imperial monarchy within South Korea, the chairman must endorse or make corporate decisions. So the removal of Mr. Lee, who has been the de facto leader since his father was incapacitated by a heart attack  in 2014, is far more serious than the loss of a senior executive at a conventional company. Choi   the No. 2 lieutenant in the Samsung hierarchy and longtime   man for Mr. Lee, will be the closest substitute to a top manager at the company while Mr. Lee is gone. But Mr. Choi is not a member of the Lee family and is expected to serve largely as a “vassal” caretaker who lacks the kind of sweeping authority and responsibility that Mr. Lee and his father have wielded in placing   bets on investments or new technology. In one sign of disruption, Samsung delayed its annual reshuffle of senior managers, which it usually announces in December. Compounding concerns, Mr. Choi and his deputies are also being investigated by prosecutors in connection with the bribery scandal. The arrest comes at a difficult time for Samsung’s electronics arm. The company has faced stiff competition from Apple and cheaper Chinese smartphone makers alike. It is also still recovering from the discontinuation of its Galaxy Note 7, after flaws led some of the phones to overheat and burst into flames. Still, few believe Mr. Lee’s arrest will challenge the family’s ultimate control of the company. In 2008, facing corruption charges, Mr. Lee’s father resigned from management, leaving the company to be run by loyal deputies, who served the family for decades and whose responsibilities were to ensure the    transfer of power. For Samsung, one test will be whether the argument that its fate is important to the South Korean economy carries the same weight. When huge crowds took to the streets on recent weekends to call for the impeachment of Ms. Park, they also called for the arrest of chaebol chairmen accused of playing a crucial role in the presidential scandal. On Friday, Moon   the opposition leader who tops surveys of potential candidates to replace Ms. Park, called the arrest “proof that justice is still alive in South Korea. ”",0
10886,FEMA Opens Loan Window As Red Cross Tries To Shut Down Shelters,"By Brandon Turbeville As the floodwaters receded from Nichols, South Carolina and the surrounding areas, many residents made the emotional journey home to assess what... ",0
10887,Protesters at UC Berkeley block white students from getting to class,"Print 
UC Berkeley students wanted to make a point about the importance of safe spaces on campus. And what could make the campus of any university safer than converting it into a hostile environment for white students by blocking their access? 
Actually, if you read the full report at the Washington Times , you discover that the protest was never meant to include white students. Which is not to say the event wasn’t inclusive, to borrow one the popular battle cries of social justice warriors. Except in this case, the only groups included were transgender and nonwhite students. 
From the Times: 
The demonstrators were caught on video [forming a human chain] blocking Berkeley’s Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read “Fight 4 Spaces of Color.” 
Protesters can be heard shouting “Go around!” to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of “Let him through!” 
The aforementioned video appears below and is well worth watching if for no other reason that to count the number of white faces among the protesters. To me it appears that most of them are white, and presumably self-hating. 
Who else but Berkeley progressives could find a way to demonstrate in favor of segregation on campus. Martin Luther King Jr. has to be rolling in his grave.",0
10888,Trump Admin Unloads Block of 271 Sanctions on Assad Regime for Chemical Weapons Attack - Breitbart,"The U. S. Treasury announced on Monday that it is putting into place 271 new sanctions in Syria following a chemical weapons attack on April 4 that killed dozens of people, including many children. [Treasury said in a press release that the sanctions are “in response to the attack on innocent civilians in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria, by the regime of Syrian dictator Bashar ” calling the move one of the largest blocks of sanctions in the history of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).  The sanctions are against 271 employees of Syria’s Scientific Studies and Research Center (SSRC) all of whom have expertise in chemistry and related “disciplines” and have been supporting Assad’s chemical weapons program since at least 2012, according to Treasury. “These sweeping sanctions target the scientific support center for Syrian dictator Bashar  ’s horrific chemical weapons attack on innocent civilian men, women, and children,” Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said in announcing the sanctions. “The United States is sending a strong message with this action that we will hold the entire Assad regime accountable for these blatant human rights violations in order to deter the spread of these types of barbaric chemical weapons. ” “We take Syria’s disregard for innocent human life very seriously, and will relentlessly pursue and shut down the financial networks of all individuals involved with the production of chemical weapons used to commit these atrocities,” Mnuchin said. “Today’s action follows OFAC and the Department of State’s sanctions announced on January 12, 2017 against 18 senior regime officials and five branches of the Syrian military, along with entities associated with its chemical weapons program, in response to findings by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  —   United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism, that the Syrian regime was responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015,” the press release said. The press release noted that these sanctions come less than three weeks after the chemical weapons attack and “more than doubles in a single action the number of individuals and entities sanctioned by the United States pursuant to   Executive Orders, and that Assad’s actions are “blatant violations of the Chemical Weapons Convention and UN Security Council Resolution 2118. ” On February 28, just weeks ahead of the attack, Russia and China vetoed a United Nations resolution backed by the West that would have imposed sanctions on Syria over its chemical weapons program, AFP reported. “The measure drafted by Britain, France and the United States won nine votes in favor at the Security Council while three countries opposed it  —   China, Russia and Bolivia,” AFP reported. “Kazakhstan, Ethiopia and Egypt abstained. ” “It was the seventh time that Russia, Syria’s top military ally, has used its veto power to shield the Damascus regime,” AFP reported. Russian President Vladimir Putin had earlier warned that imposing sanctions on Syria during negotiations in Geneva over the more than    civil war was “completely inappropriate” and would undermine the progress of the peace talks. “This resolution is very appropriate,” US Ambassador Nikki Haley after the measure was defeated. “It is a sad day on the Security Council when members start making excuses for other member states killing their own people,” Haley said. The resolution would have put 11 Syrians, mostly military personnel, and 10 other entities linked to chemical attacks in 2014 and 2015, on a UN sanctions blacklist.",0
10889,CABLE RATES HAVE RISEN AT DOUBLE INFLATION RATE FOR 20 YEARS,"Home › ECONOMIC › CABLE RATES HAVE RISEN AT DOUBLE INFLATION RATE FOR 20 YEARS CABLE RATES HAVE RISEN AT DOUBLE INFLATION RATE FOR 20 YEARS 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] Cable TV price increases have jumped at more than twice the rate of inflation for more than twenty straight years. Average US inflation since 1995 has been steady at around 2.2%. But during that same period, cable TV prices have increased by 5.8% per year on average. The data comes from an FCC report on cable TV Pricing (pdf, hat tip cordcutting.com ) released last month, and notes that back in 1995, cable cost an average of just $22.35 a month. That has since ballooned to an average of $69.03, or a 208.9% jump. 
Obviously these constant hikes — which often come twice or more a year for some cable customers — have played a starring role in driving consumers to alternative streaming options. 
And this annoyance has only grown as fights between cable broadcasters and cable companies have only accelerated. In fact, the FCC also recently found that return fees charged by broadcasters jumped as much as 63% in one year. Post navigation",0
10890,Jews Upset After Alex Jones Says 'Jewish Mafia' Runs America,"Jews Upset After Alex Jones Says 'Jewish Mafia' Runs America Jews Upset After Alex Jones Says 'Jewish Mafia' Runs America By 0 42 
Editor’s Note: Alex Jones has spent most of his career warning us about the dangers of the Jesuit-Nazi-Eugenicists. Now, it appears that he has finally mustered the courage to discuss Jewish influence. 
Radio host and Donald Trump supporter Alex Jones ranted Tuesday about “the Jewish mafia” that controls the U.S., and accused the prominent Jewish Emanuel family of being at the center of it. 
Jones, who has interviewed Trump on his show, went on a long harangue on the show, in which he denied being anti-Semitic, but seemed to blame Jews for all the problems in American society, Media Matters reported. 
“‘Cause let me tell you, the Emanuels are mafia,” Jones said of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, a former chief of staff for President Barack Obama, and his also prominent Jewish brothers, Ari and Ezekiel. “And you know, I was thinking, they’re always trying to claim that if I talk about world government and corruption I’m anti-Semitic, there’s mafias of all different stripes and groups, but since you want to talk about it, the Emanuels are Jewish mafia.” 
Jones went on to accuse Jews of controlling American society. 
“But I mean it’s not that Jews are bad, it’s just they are the head of the Jewish mafia in the United States. They run Uber, they run the health care, they’re going to scam you, they’re going to hurt you,” he said. 
In December, Trump appeared on “The Alex Jones Show,” where the then-candidate for the Republican presidential nomination told the…",0
10891,"World Champion Boxer Manny Pacquiao Builds 1,000 Homes For Poor Filipinos","After earning millions for fighting Floyd Mayweather, the boxer and politician used a portion of his earnings to construct homes for 1,000 poor families in his hometown. Manny Pacquiao is more than a world-class athlete or a Filipino politician. He’s a compassionate activist who paid for 1,000 homes to be built to help out underprivileged families in his hometown. 
Via Anonews 

Earlier this year, Pacquiao proclaimed his good deed on Facebook: “I’m so happy giving this houses free to my constituents in Sarangani Province from my own pocket more than thousand families are the beneficiaries.”
The Star reports that the ‘born-again Christian’ was inspired to help poor families after duking it out with Floyd Mayweather. Though he lost the boxing match, he still earned millions of dollars in the ‘fight of the century’ and felt it was his duty to give back.
He wrote: 
“As faithful stewards of God’s grace in its various forms, each of you should use whatever gift you have received to serve others. I’m still building more because I always believe what the bible says offer hospitality to one another without grumbling.”
The act of compassion could be nothing more than a calculated political move, but nonetheless, 1,000 families have secure living spaces thanks to the Senator’s generosity. That, we believe, is worth celebrating.
",0
10892,29 of Hillary's scandals: The early years,"For those who are too young or too unwilling to remember, a trip down memory lane. 
1969 – Debut: Hillary speaks at Wellesley graduation, insults Edward Brooke, Senate’s lone black member. 
1973 – Watergate committee: Says Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman of Hillary’s performance, “She was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality.” 
1978-79 – Cattlegate: as wife of Arkansas governor, she invests $1,000 in cattle futures, makes $100,000. 
1978 – Whitewater: Clintons borrow money to launch Whitewater Development Corporations. Several people go to prison over it. Clintons don’t. 
1992 – Bimbo eruptions: Bill and Hillary swear to Steve Kroft on “60 minutes” Bill had nothing to do with Gennifer Flowers. 
1992 – Private investigators: “We reached out to them,” Hillary tells CBS’ Steve Kroft of Bill’s women. “I met with two of them to reassure them they were friends of ours.” They also hire PIs to bribe and/or threaten as many as two-dozen of them. 
1993 – Health care reform: Hillary heads secret health-care task force, sued successfully for violating open meeting laws. Subsequent plan killed by Democratic-controlled House. 
1993 – Waco: Hillary’s DOJ authorizes armed assault against religious community in Waco, 80 dead, many of them children, more than half racial minorities. 
1993 – Travelgate: Hillary orchestrates firing of travel office employees, replaces them with her own people. Independent Counsel Robert Ray calls her sworn testimony “factually false” but can’t prove beyond a reasonable doubt it was ”knowingly false.” 
1993 – Vince Foster: White House counsel and reputed Hillary lover is found dead in Fort Marcy Park. The DOJ opens a separate investigation of possible obstruction of justice by Hillary and her cohorts for blocking search of Foster office. 
1994 – Chinagate: Hillary meets with disgraced fixer Webb Hubbell. A week later Clinton Indonesian money man James Riady gives Hubbell $100,000 “job.” Hubbell never talks. Reads the NYT headline, “Payment to an Ex-Clinton Aide Is Linked to Big Chinese Project.” 
1994 – Filegate: Hillary henchman Craig Livingstone improperly requests and receives FBI background reports on several hundred individuals. Multiple investigations follow. 
1994 – November elections: Due in no small part to health-care fiasco, Dems lose Senate and House for first time in nearly 50 years. 
1995 – Chinagate: Hillary convenes secret meeting with Bill and Dick Morris. They launch what Thompson Committee calls “the most corrupt political campaign in modern history.” 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump’s call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
1995 – Pay to play: The $100,000 donation to travel with the Clintons on trade missions morphs from a discreet expectation into the price of admission. Independent counsel investigates. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: The Clintons “pulled down all the barriers that would normally be in place to keep out illegal contributions, pressured policy makers, and left themselves open to strong suspicion that they were selling not only access to high-ranking officials, but policy as well.” 
1996 – Blizzard of lies: Hillary dodges imaginary “sniper fire” in Bosnia’s Tuzla airport. 
1996 – Ron Brown death: Nine days later embattled Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, who hates being “Hillary Clinton’s being mother-f—ing tour guide,” leaves Tuzla on final, fatal flight to Croatia. 
1996 – Enron connection: Brown goes to Croatia to broker a sweetheart deal between the neo-fascists who run the country and the Enron Corporation. Despite his death, the deal goes through, ends very badly. 
1996 – Ron Brown cover-up: Pathologists find an apparent bullet hole in Brown’s head. He is buried without autopsy. Head X-rays are lost. Three pathologists and photographer have careers wrecked for going public. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: “Millions of dollars were raised in illegal contributions, much of it from foreign sources.” 
1996 – TWA Flight 800: Hillary is in family quarters with Bill and Sandy Berger when plans are launched to cover up real cause of the destruction of the aircraft. 
1996 – Blizzard of Lies: In a New York Times op-ed titled “Blizzard of Lies,” the usually restrained William Safire famously calls Hillary “a congenital liar.” 
1997 – Pay to play: Johnny Chung tells Thompson Committee he funneled $100,000 from the Chinese military to the DNC. “The White House is like a subway. You have to put in coins to open the gates.” 
1998 – Monica: “There isn’t any fire,” Hillary tells Matt Lauer about the “smoke” surrounding Monica Lewinsky accusations. ”The great story here is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband.” 
1999 – FALN: Clinton pardons 16 lethal Puerto Rican terrorists to boost Hillary’s chance to win N.Y. Senate seat. She supports move until outrage mounts. 
1999 – Christopher Hitchens: “Like him, [Hillary] is not just a liar but a lie; a phony construct of shreds and patches and hysterical, self-pitying demagogic improvisations.” 
2001 – Pardongate: Clinton pardons 140 people on final day of office, including cocaine dealer, drug-dealing brother, Whitewater pal and billionaire fugitive Marc Rich. Hillary’s brothers Hugh and Tony both implicated during subsequent investigation. James Comey investigates, finds no illegality. 
2001 – Furnituregate: The Clintons leave the White House with $134,000 worth of items that they, once the story breaks, have to return or pay for. 
Please share with your Republican friends who seem comfortable with this woman returning to the White House. Unless, they get a royalty every time the suffix “gate” is applied to a word, they are in for a rough four years. 
Media wishing to interview Jack Cashill, please contact . Receive Jack Cashill's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jack Cashill's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
10893,November 17: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 17: Daily Contrarian Reads By David Stockman. Posted On Thursday, November 17th, 2016 My daily contrarian reads for Thursday, November 17th, 2016. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
10894,Leftists Melt Down on Twitter over MILO Appearance on Bill Maher - Breitbart,"Breitbart Senior Editor MILO appeared on Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday night, and leftists on Twitter were not happy about it. [“Bill Maher” trended on Twitter Saturday morning, with over 35 thousand tweets about the show, including many who were angry with Maher for inviting MILO on.  @billmaher @Joan_Rivers Love you Bill, but you gotta stop normalizing folks like Ann Coulter, Steve Bannon, Milo, et al  …      —   Sara (@Hill4America) February 18, 2017,  @billmaher @Joan_Rivers You’re no longer on my watch list. That was the last straw.  —   #TheResistance (@ResistTilDeath) February 18, 2017,  @billmaher @Joan_Rivers Liberals need to stop acting like this vile human being is worth the energy  …    feeds on getting a rise out of people.  —   Graeme Rodgers (@graemenrodgers) February 18, 2017,  @Alexand52841248 @speakforme @billmaher milo is a   #whinylittlebitch in need of constant approval, just like trump,  —   Scott C Nevin (@scottcnevin) February 18, 2017,  @billmaher nah, you need to stop giving a platform to someone who would have you thrown in a camp.  —   Noah Zucker (@noahlz) February 18, 2017,  Bill Maher is just as much of a bigot as Milo can people please stop acting like he’s some kind of hero,  —   i miss my son (@JoseLothario) February 18, 2017,  @billmaher Well Bill, you fucked up on this one. Milo does not deserve a national platform for his lies and hate. He should be deported!  —   Jo Blackwood (@joblackwood3) February 18, 2017,  Maher said it was ”not unreasonable” for Milo to doxx a trans woman to protect ”women and children” in bathrooms. Fucking bigot.  —   Dan Arel (@danarel) February 18, 2017,  This @billmaher laugh fest with a racist, misogynistic, transphobic, Islamaphobic troll was disgusting ( an unnecessary platform for Milo) https:  .   —   Waymon Hudson (@WaymonHudson) February 18, 2017,  No longer liberal @billmaher SHOOK • SHOOK • SHOOK Milo Yiannopolous’ HAND LIVE  ! !! 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 #FuckMilo #FuckMilo #FuckMilo https:  .   —   Erik Landwehr 🏳️‍🌈 (@EJLandwehr) February 18, 2017,  I knew Bill Maher was a coward and an idiot, but that Milo interview.. Yikes.  —   Morgan M Page (@morganmpage) February 18, 2017,  Would the gay community blame me if I bash this so called dangerous faggot,  Milo?  —   UnknownKnown (@XKnownXUnknownX) February 18, 2017,  In which the @nytimes continues to normalize #fascism by writing #meetcute piece on @billmaher hosting #milo #nope #resist #antifa https:  .   —   Irish In Slope (@IrishInSlope) February 18, 2017,  I’m watching Bill Maher  thinking ”He’s giving time to a nobody” He’s making Milo more important than he is. This was how Trump got elected,  —   Kelli Russell Agodon (@KelliAgodon) February 18, 2017,  You can watch MILO’s full interview with Maher here. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_, on Gab @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos. net.",0
10895,Officials: Fukushima Has Now Contaminated 1/3 of the Worlds Oceans,"Humans Are Free The Pacific Ocean — in fact almost one-third of the Globe — is thought to have been contaminated from the leak out from the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), seeking to promote the peaceful use of Nuclear Power , in 2011 established with the Regional Cooperative Agreement (RCA) Member States, a joint IAEA Technical Cooperation (TC) project in the region of the Pacific Ocean. 
It was established after the Fukushima disaster when a tsunami caused by a major earthquake on 11 March 2011, disabled the power supply and cooling of three Fukushima Daiichi reactors, causing a nuclear accident. 
As a result, a large quantity of radioactive material was admitted into the Pacific Ocean. A field study found that two filter cartridges were coated, which showed elements of cesium, a radioactive substance. 
Of no surprise, this caused great concern to countries based around the Pacific Ocean due to the potential economic and environmental implications. The TC project’s aim was therefore, to monitor the presence of radioactive substances in the marine environment. 
The first annual review meeting held in August 2012 demonstrated predictive hydrodynamic models and they predicted that the strong current, known as the Kuroshio Current and its extension, had the ability to transport the radioactive substances across the Pacific Ocean in an easterly direction. 
However, the concentration of radioactivity was not as high as originally thought. 
The massive expansion of ocean had diluted it substantially so radioactivity remained at low levels but there was still concern over contamination of seafood even at these low levels. 
The marine monitoring project was therefore, established to ensure that the seafood of the region was safe for consumption and to maintain a comprehensive overview and full facts of the situation, considering its grave implications. Documents Say Navy Knew #Fukushima Dangerously Contaminated the USS Reagan: http://t.co/hUomqT92e2 
— trutherbotred (@trutherbotred) July 9, 2015 
The TC is due to conclude this year. A few results have caused concern. 
A field study they conducted on 2 July 2014, revealed from two sets of seawater samples, found that two filter cartridges were coated, which showed elements of cesium, a radioactive substance. 
Then recently, trace amounts of cesium-134 and cesium-137 turned up in samples collected near Vancouver Island in British Columbia . 
The samples collected were separate from the monitoring project set up by IAEA but it is thought the only possible source of these radioactive elements is Fukushima, according to the Integrated Fukushima Ocean Radionuclide Monitoring (InFORM) Network. 
This is the first time that traces of cesium-134 had been detected near North America. 
While these are trace amounts, the danger of radioactive material in any amount cannot be underestimated. However, the experts say that these levels detected cannot really harm us, they are still lower than those we could be exposed to from a dental x-ray for instance. 
Having said that, every possible exposure, in any small amount, adds up. The problem with nuclear energy and fallout, the radiation and radioactive materials can travel far and wide with the wind and with the sea. 
Therefore, we should aim on a global level to keep these levels at zero. In any event the continuous monitoring of oceans will need to be conducted, according to Ken Buesseler, a marine chemist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute . 
What Buesseler says should be taken on board beyond 2015, particularly since the advice from the IAEA is to dump even more contaminated water into the sea. This is apparently more desirable than holding it in tanks. 
Any discharge will have to be controlled and continuous monitoring would be needed, in particular near the plant to improve data reliability. 
This is causing concern and not just to state authorities. Consider the fishermen. Every time they catch fish in the ocean, the fish need to be tested for radioactivity. 
Before any further dumping is done, the IAEA and Tokyo Electric Power Co., who control the plant, need to consider not only the environmental impact but socio-economic impact as well. 
Livelihoods could be affected as well as long-term health of the region and global community eventually.",0
10896,We Rounded Up Politics Stories You Shouldn’t Miss - The New York Times,"The political news cycle is fast, and keeping up can be overwhelming. That’s why we’re collecting great political feature writing from The New York Times and around the web that offers context, analysis and insight. From The New York Times: “By any empirical measure, it is a level of activity that has never been seen. ” In a flurry of deregulation, the Trump administration has already suspended or reversed more than 90 rules. And industry is clamoring for more. _____ From The New Yorker: “It takes a lot to shock a lawyer, but I’ve had very few clients do so little due diligence. ”  The New Yorker’s Adam Davidson spent months investigating what he calls President Trump’s “worst deal,” the construction of Trump Tower in Azerbaijan’s capital city, Baku. Working with a family of oligarchs infamous for corruption and ties to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard, the Trump Organization may have committed a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, according to the article. _____ From Politico Magazine: “The best way to understand how Trump might struggle to renegotiate [Nafta] is to understand how Obama already did. ” If you want to brush up on Nafta and the   Partnership trade deals, and learn about the pitfalls and complexities that lie ahead for the Trump administration, this feature is worth reading. _____ From American Affairs: “A revolt in the name of national sovereignty, not populism. ” In a new conservative quarterly, American Affairs, a Georgetown professor, Joshua Mitchell, charts the historical and cultural conditions that led to Mr. Trump’s victory, and suggests a path forward for the Republican Party. The piece helps explain how   intellectuals on the right understand this political moment. (Here’s a profile of the founders of American Affairs.) _____ From National Review: “It is in the nature of trains that they tell you where to go it is in the nature of automobiles [  …    ] that you tell them where to go. ” Talking about health care (and its reform) often necessitates elaborate metaphors. In National Review, one author compares the Affordable Care Act to a network of trains, centrally planned and accessible, but likely to break down and cause a headache. Our health care system, he argues, should be more like the car market: propelled by individual consumers that drive competition and innovation. _____ From The New York Times: “It’s a goat on a bridge eating a flaming rug pulled from a collapsing sand castle!” Here’s some figurative language Republicans have used in the past to describe the Affordable Care Act. _____ From New York Magazine: “My code is Amazonism. I want weapons. ” Camille Paglia watches the Real Housewives franchise but doesn’t like the Kardashians. She loved the women’s march on Washington, but hated the hats. She also was not surprised by the Trump victory, and has some characteristically bold opinions about our new president. Here’s what one New York Magazine interviewer learned when she checked in with one of the most famous public intellectuals of the 1990s. _____ From Elle: “Before women can strike effectively, we need to redefine what female labor consists of. ” Yesterday, of course, was not the first time women in this country have gone on strike. One writer argues that previous demonstrations, like the Women’s Strike for Equality in 1970, were successful because they shed light on specific kinds of labor defined as “women’s work. ” However, as feminism progresses, and women do more kinds of work, what does a general strike in the name of gender truly mean? _____ From The New York Times: “Is it a good or a bad thing if Mr. Trump becomes the first political unicorn?” Defying political norms, the president has embraced the philosophy of disruption and management styles that have powered successful  . _____ From The Baffler: “He was an authoritarian, and proud of it. ” If you loved “Hamilton” the musical, you still might not have loved Hamilton, the politician. That’s at least according to one Baffler writer who sees this newly lionized founding father enjoying a reputation he doesn’t deserve. _____ From Aeon: “The new authoritarian does not pretend to make you better, only to make you feel better about not wanting to change. ” A quick survey of how 20th century authoritarians compare to today’s strongmen lands on this distinction: Authoritarians of the last century were like strict dads, exercising tough love with exacting expectations of their citizens. _____ From ProPublica: “A former reality show contestant whose study of societal collapse inspired him to invent a       . ” While Mr. Trump’s cabinet appointees have received lots of scrutiny, the public has not heard much about the hundreds of temporary political appointments the president has made across the government. Now, ProPublica has published a list of 400 such “beachhead” officials, consisting of a mix of lobbyists, members of the conservative media and loyal Trump supporters (including one just out of high school). _____ From The New York Times Magazine: “Impending catastrophe grants the president broad powers, and those powers are used broadly. ” Stephen K. Bannon and Jeff Sessions, the president’s chief strategist and the attorney general, have long shared a vision for remaking America. Now the nation’s top   agency can serve as a tool for enacting it. _____ From The Stranger: “His oeuvre is less Leni Riefenstahl and more Oliver Stone (without the technical deftness poetic aspiration) or Michael Moore (minus the wit). ” Mr. Bannon has produced 16 documentaries between 2004 and 2016. One journalist watched all of them so you don’t have to. _____",0
10897,Obama to Move Back to Africa as Mandela's Son,"  Bill Clinton also claimed to be Mandela's son 
Cape Town, South Africa - The Government of South Africa has unofficially announced that President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle are relocating to South Africa after Obama's term ends in January. The Obamas reportedly are leaving their daughters and dogs behind with Michelle Obama's mother. 
Local papers stated that the President has been concerned with Donald Trump as President, and that living in Africa would be more fun and provide new leadership opportunities. 
The Trudeaus invited the Obama family to Canada, but President Obama wanted to go back to his ""birth home."" 
The South African Government further stated that President Obama is actually the love child of Nelson Mandela, and plans to run for President there. 
The Obama Administration denies the reports of the South African government as being patently false. The President accuses the government of simply trying to promote tourism by taking over for Trump as the leader of the debunked Birther Movement. 
Mike _Peril@aol.com Make Mike Peril's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
10898,NRA: Elect Senators to Save U.S. From UN Arms Trade Treaty,"Email 
On November 4, the National Rifle Association (NRA) called on Americans concerned about the future of the right to keep and bear arms to focus their attention on electing pro-Second Amendment senators in the upcoming federal elections. 
These senators, the NRA explains, will be the last obstacle standing between the United Nation's Arms Trade Treaty's (ATT) forced civilian disarmament and the continuation of gun rights in America. But that’s just the beginning. As you know, the U.S. Senate also ratifies international treaties. Right now, at the United Nations, the Arms Trade Treaty — which could subject American gun owners to international gun registration, monitoring and global gun-control “norms” that would be defined on the fly — is just waiting, like unexploded ordnance, for an anti-gun U.S. Senate to call it in. Under President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry signed onto the Arms Trade Treaty. All the treaty needs to become the law of the land is for the U.S. Senate to ratify it. 
While it is certainly wise to fill the Senate (and the House, for that matter) with representatives committed to upholding the Constitution, there are other, surer and more constitutionally sound ways of blocking the unconstitutional confiscation of weapons and ammunition that would be carried out should the UN's Arms Trade Treaty by enforced in the United States. 
The most powerful check citizens of the states have on the seizure of weapons by the UN or its American allies is the nullification of any and all unconstitutional acts of the federal government. 
Nullification is the exercise by states of their retained authority to hold as null, void, and of no legal effect any act of the federal government that exceeds its constitutionally enumerated powers. This availability of this tactic is proclaimed and protected by the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
The NRA is correct, though, that the ATT is so offensive to the preservation of the right to keep and bear arms that it is an understatement to call it unconstitutional. As The New American has reported, several provisions of this treaty significantly diminish the scope of this basic right. 
First, the Arms Trade Treaty grants a monopoly over all weaponry in the hands of the very entity (government) responsible for over 300 million murders in the 20th century. 
Furthermore, the treaty leaves private citizens powerless to oppose future slaughters. 
An irrefutable fact of armed violence unaddressed by the UN in its gun grab is that all the murders committed by all the serial killers in history don't amount to a fraction of the brutal killings committed by ""authorized state parties"" using the very weapons over which they will exercise absolute control under the terms of the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Article 2 of the treaty defines the scope of the treaty’s prohibitions. The right to own, buy, sell, trade, or transfer all means of armed resistance, including handguns, is denied to civilians by this section of the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Article 3 places the “ammunition/munitions fired, launched or delivered by the conventional arms covered under Article 2” within the scope of the treaty’s prohibitions, as well. 
Article 4 rounds out the regulations, also placing all “parts and components” of weapons within the scheme. 
Perhaps the most immediate threat to the rights of gun owners in the Arms Trade Treaty is found in Article 5. Under the title of “General Implementation,” Article 5 mandates that all countries participating in the treaty “shall establish and maintain a national control system, including a national control list.” 
This list should “apply the provisions of this Treaty to the broadest range of conventional arms.” 
Article 12 adds to the record-keeping requirement, mandating that the list include “the quantity, value, model/type, authorized international transfers of conventional arms,” as well as the identity of the “end users” of these items. 
In very clear terms, ratification of the Arms Trade Treaty by the United States would require that the U.S. government force gun owners to add their names to the national registry. Citizens would be required to report the amount and type of all firearms and ammunition they possess. 
Section 4 of Article 12 of the treaty requires that the list be kept for at least 10 years. 
Finally, the agreement demands that national governments take “appropriate measures” to enforce the terms of the treaty, including civilian disarmament. If these countries can’t get this done on their own, however, Article 16 provides for UN assistance, specifically including help with the enforcement of “stockpile management, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes.” 
In fact, a “voluntary trust fund” will be established to assist those countries that need help from UN peacekeepers or other regional forces to disarm their citizens. 
There is no way that the men and women of the United States can hope to maintain their hard-won liberty — liberty that cost the lives, fortunes, and sacred honor of some of the greatest men of the 18th century — without the ability to put up an armed resistance to tyrants and to their armed enforcers. 
The truth is, though, the Senate — in collusion with the president and the Supreme Court — has shrunk the scope of the Second Amendment despite the fact that the plain language of the Second Amendment explicitly forbids any infringement on this right that protects all others. 
In fact, the reason for inclusion of the Second Amendment in the Bill of Rights had little to do with the British and more to do with future attempts by an out-of-control, all-powerful central authority disarming the American people as a step toward tyranny. 
Take, for example, statements by our forefathers regarding the purpose of the passage of this amendment. In commenting on the Constitution in 1833, Joseph Story wrote: The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic; since it offers a strong moral check against the usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them."" 
In his own commentary on the works of the influential jurist Blackstone, Founding-era legal scholar St. George Tucker wrote: This may be considered as the true palladium of liberty.... The right of self defense is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction. 
Writing in The Federalist , Alexander Hamilton explained: If the representatives of the people betray their constituents, there is then no resource left but in the exertion of that original right of self-defense which is paramount to all positive forms of government, and which against the usurpations of the national rulers, may be exerted with infinitely better prospect of success than against those of the rulers of an individual state. 
To accomplish this urgent task of protecting this ""true palladium of liberty,"" it would be better if Americans adopted a two-pronged attack on the Arms Trade Treaty, rather than relying alone on senators in Washington, D.C. to stand steadfastly against those who would confiscate the firearms from Americans. 
First, as the NRA suggests, we must elect federal senators who will refuse to ratify the globalists' gun grabbing scheme. 
Second, and perhaps most important and effective, Americans should elect state representatives and governors who will refuse to cooperate with the federal government in any unconstitutional program, particularly one that would leave citizens at the mercy of the government's monopoly on arms that would be created by the enforcement of the Arms Trade Treaty.  ",0
10899,Attorney General Accepts Recommendation Not to Charge Hillary Clinton - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server is over, Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said on Wednesday. In a brief written statement, she said she accepted the F. B. I. ’s recommendation that no one be charged in the case, which has engulfed Mrs. Clinton’s presidential ambitions for more than a year. “I received and accepted their unanimous recommendation that the thorough,   investigation be closed and that no charges be brought against any individuals within the scope of the investigation,” Mrs. Lynch said. The attorney general said she met with James B. Comey, the director of the F. B. I. and other prosecutors and agents on Wednesday afternoon before closing the case. Ms. Lynch had promised to accept the F. B. I. recommendations after creating a political furor by meeting on her airplane last week for 30 minutes with former President Bill Clinton. The announcement by Mrs. Lynch came on the eve of a congressional hearing Thursday morning at which Mr. Comey is scheduled to testify about the email investigation and the decision not to pursue charges. Mr. Comey announced his recommendation on Tuesday despite finding that Mrs. Clinton and her top aides were “extremely careless” in their distribution of classified information across unsecured email networks. The apparent contradiction in Mr. Comey’s recommendation is expected to be the focus of sharp, bipartisan questioning at the hearing. But it is unclear whether Mr. Comey will be willing to provide any additional details about the investigation or the process investigators used to reach their conclusions. For Mrs. Clinton, the public announcement by the attorney general formally ends a legal cloud that has been shadowing her campaign and comes just weeks before she will accept her party’s nomination to be president. But as the Republicans’ quick decision to hold congressional hearings proves, the political damage from her use of a private email server is most likely not over. That damage was compounded on Tuesday when Mr. Comey said Mrs. Clinton should have known better than to allow such sensitive material to be sent over an unsecured network. Brian Fallon, a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, said on Twitter, “With the AG accepting Director Comey’s recommendation, this case is resolved, no matter Republicans’ attempts to continue playing politics. ”",0
10900,Woman Claims Nail Salon Posted Sign Saying Fat Clients Must Pay More - Breitbart,"A nail salon in Tennessee is facing an uproar after a woman claimed it posted a sign saying   customers must pay more for the business’s services. [“Sorry, but if you are overweight, pedicures will be $45 due to service fees for pedicurists. Thank you!” reads a sign on a nondescript wall, seen in a photo the woman posted to Facebook.  “So rude,” said Deshania Ferguson, who published the image. Ferguson claims that she saw the sign in a local salon called Rose Nails, which charges up to $30 for a pedicure. The image has been shared more than 500 times, with others balking at the alleged price increase. The Daily Mail tried calling the salon, but a person on the other line claimed that they had the wrong number. WREG got in touch with the nail salon’s owner, Son Nguyen, and spoke with him in person. Nguyen denied that the sign existed despite the viral photo. Nguyen did, however, tell the station that he and his wife who run the salon have turned away overweight people because it is “difficult for technicians to give them pedicures. ” He says that two chairs have been broken as a result of his larger clientele, which cost him $2, 500 to repair or replace them. “They took the sign down and denied ever having it up  …     pictures are worth a thousand words,” Ferguson posted to Facebook Friday.",0
10901,"Axelrod: Trump Speech Was ’Full-Throated Populist Manifesto,’ That ’Lit This Town On Fire’ - Breitbart","Friday on CNN’s coverage of the inauguration of the 45th president of the United States President Donald J. Trump, former chief strategist for Barack Obama’s presidential campaigns David Axelrod said Trump’s speech was a “populist manifesto” and “he lit this town on fire. ”  Axelrod said, “This was a   —  as has been said —  populist manifesto, and he lit this town on fire. He made very clear that he believes it’s America first. We’re going to protect our borders. We’re going to protect our jobs. We’re going to essentially draw a line around this country and fight that fight, and he laid down the gauntlet. He continued, “He also said one thing that I think will be remembered by others, which is we’ll no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action, constantly complaining but never doing anything about it, and said we’re going to change everything for the better. And he took it on his shoulders to say he’s going to do this. He’ll be held accountable for that in years to come. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10902,Haiti and Africa Projects Shed Light on Clinton’s Public-Private Web - The New York Times,"As chief of staff and counselor to Hillary Clinton at the State Department, Cheryl D. Mills worked ceaselessly to help a South Korean garment maker open a factory in Haiti, the centerpiece of United States government efforts to   the island nation’s economy after the 2010 earthquake. Ms. Mills took the lead on smoothing the way for the company,   Trading, which secured millions of dollars in incentives to make its Haiti investment more attractive, despite criticism of its labor record elsewhere. When she presided over the project’s unveiling in September 2010, she introduced  ’s chairman,   Kim, as the most important person at the ceremony, which included Mrs. Clinton and the Haitian prime minister. Mr. Kim would later become important to Ms. Mills in a far more personal way  —   as a financial backer of a company she started after leaving the State Department in 2013. The company, BlackIvy Group, is pursuing infrastructure projects in Tanzania and Ghana, the only African nations in the “Partnership for Growth,” an Obama administration initiative that Mrs. Clinton helped introduce that promotes investment in developing countries. The partnership with Mr. Kim sheds light on the business activities of Ms. Mills  —   a longtime Clinton loyalist who is likely to play a significant role in any future Clinton White House  —   as well as the interlocking public and private relationships that have long characterized the Clintons’ inner circle. A lawyer, Ms. Mills has been a target of Republican critics for her central role in determining which emails from Mrs. Clinton’s private server would be publicly disclosed, and for sharing information about Africa  —   later designated as classified  —   with the Clinton Foundation while working at the State Department. During Ms. Mills’s tenure at the department, Mr. Kim’s company,   became a donor to the Clinton Foundation, through its Clinton Global Initiative, and Ms. Mills remained involved in foundation matters. According to emails hacked from the accounts of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, and released by WikiLeaks, Ms. Mills helped draft memos and consulted on internal organizational issues at the foundation, though she used her personal Gmail account and not her government email. Another close Clinton aide at the State Department, Huma Abedin, was for a time permitted to work for the foundation and an outside consulting firm while serving as a “special government employee. ” Ms. Mills was also granted the same special designation after leaving the department, during the period when she was getting BlackIvy off the ground. The unpaid,   government role was “solely focused on Haiti” and did not involve her activities at BlackIvy, according to her spokesman, Eric London. Since teaming up through BlackIvy, Ms. Mills and Mr. Kim have maintained close business ties, appearing together last year for the opening of a new   factory in Costa Rica where they cut the ribbon alongside Costa Rica’s president, Luis Guillermo Solís. In Africa, representatives of the United States Agency for International Development have consulted with BlackIvy and   about efforts to expand the textile trade in Ghana, where BlackIvy says the country’s     minimum wage “compares favorably” to higher wages in China, Bangladesh and Vietnam. Federal officials are barred from using their positions to negotiate future employment or exchange services for something of value, and no evidence has emerged to suggest that occurred with BlackIvy. Both Ms. Mills and Mr. Kim deny that his investment was influenced by the substantial assistance she provided his company while serving as Mrs. Clinton’s right hand at the State Department. Ms. Mills, 51, declined to be interviewed for this article, but Mr. London, a BlackIvy spokesman, said she had consulted with the State Department ethics office before accepting Mr. Kim’s investment “to ensure it was consistent with any rules that applied to her because of her service. ” “Ms. Mills and Mr. Kim met during her work for the State Department in Haiti during earthquake reconstruction,” Mr. London said. “She had no personal business ventures and no discussions about any prospective business with Mr. Kim while she was at State. ” Karen Seo, a spokeswoman for   said the State Department’s assistance in Haiti played no role in Mr. Kim’s decision to invest in BlackIvy. His discussions about making the investment began in “late 2014,” she said, more than a year after Ms. Mills had left the government. Ms. Seo said that   “currently has no plans to invest in garment and textile manufacturing facilities in Africa,” and that Ms. Mills had no business relationship with   outside of BlackIvy, adding that her appearance with Mr. Kim at the   factory opening in Costa Rica was of a social nature. “Ms. Mills was invited and came to the Costa Rica event as a friend, as did many others,” she said. Ms. Mills first gained public notice in the 1990s as a member of the legal team that defended President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial. A graduate of Stanford Law School, she worked for Mrs. Clinton’s unsuccessful 2008 presidential campaign. While she has said she has no formal role with Mrs. Clinton’s current campaign for president, she remains a close confidante  —   she was one of the few people aware of Mrs. Clinton’s pneumonia diagnosis days before it was made public. While at the State Department, Ms. Mills took the lead on a number of projects important to Mrs. Clinton, perhaps none more so than Haiti. Even before the January 2010 earthquake, the impoverished Caribbean nation was the focus of attention from the Clintons. Mr. Clinton, whose foundation is active there, had been named a United Nations special envoy to Haiti, and as early as April 2009, just a few months after becoming secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton was being forwarded emails from Ms. Mills containing economic development ideas. Some of those ideas were from   Warnholz, an economist whose consulting business provided “intelligence on African markets. ” In emails and meetings with the Clintons and Ms. Mills, he advocated investment in textiles and agriculture as a way to create jobs, a theory that was   in Haiti after the earthquake with a proposal for an industrial park anchored by a major garment factory. Ms. Mills soon hired Mr. Warnholz as her own adviser at the State Department  —   he would later join her at BlackIvy  —   and the two worked closely to push the industrial park concept. After overtures to another South Korean garment company fell through, Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Mills met with   Trading executives during a trip to Seoul to pitch the idea.   supplies clothing to some of the largest American retailers, including Walmart and Kohl’s, and has been accused of illegal tactics against union organizers at a plant in Guatemala, charges the company disputes. Ultimately, the United States provided about $124 million to develop a power plant, housing and other improvements for the Haiti industrial park, while an international development bank contributed $100 million and the Haitians provided the land.   agreed to invest $78 million.   was blunt about the need to make the deal worth the money. “This is business,” a company spokesman said at the time. “At the end of the day, it’s about making a profit. ” In addition to being good for   the Haiti project recast the   Mr. Kim as the sort of enlightened global capitalist the Clintons favor, earning him appearances at the Clinton Global Initiative and other international forums. When the industrial park opened for business in October 2012, the Clintons were on hand for the celebration. Mrs. Clinton thanked Mr. Kim “for everything that you and the leadership of   is doing,” and she praised Ms. Mills for being the “real driver of our government’s support for everything that we see here today. ” Six months after she resigned from the State Department in February 2013, Ms. Mills incorporated BlackIvy Group. She has described it as a “private operating company that builds commercial enterprises in   Africa. ” Mr. Kim was among a handful of prominent investors in BlackIvy, according to a description that was once on BlackIvy’s website but has since been removed. The deleted page carried the heading “Our Team” and listed, in addition to Mr. Kim: Continental Grain, a multinational agribusiness with operations in Haiti Steve Case, the founder of AOL the Wall Street financier John Mack the hedge fund founder Raymond Dalio and Beck, Mack  Oliver, an investment firm. The executive chairman of BlackIvy is Anthony Welters, a retired health insurance executive and longtime friend and mentor to Ms. Mills who has raised money for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. His son, Bryant, works for BlackIvy, and his wife, Beatrice Wilkinson Welters, was the American ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago from 2010 to 2012. In July, two BlackIvy representatives, including Bryant Welters, met with government leaders in Trinidad, part of what the prime minister’s office there said was a visit to explore “avenues for doing business with Trinidad and Tobago. ” Asked why BlackIvy was in the Caribbean, far outside its stated market areas in Africa, the company’s spokesman, Mr. London, said it had nothing to do with Ms. Welters’s connections as a former ambassador. BlackIvy, he said, was not actually seeking business in Trinidad, but met with companies there “to learn about their successes in the region and to explore opportunities for them to establish operations in Ghana and replicate those successes. ” What BlackIvy has accomplished so far is not clear. It signed an agreement with officials in Tanzania to develop a transportation hub, but media reports there suggest it is progressing slowly. A Tanzanian government audit in March questioned how BlackIvy was chosen, saying “there was no evidence” it was through a competitive bidding process. Mr. London said competitive bidding was not needed because BlackIvy’s project is privately funded and there is no financial risk to the government. In Ghana, where BlackIvy has been pursuing an industrial park project, a PowerPoint presentation prepared by BlackIvy cited the country’s low minimum wage as one of several competitive advantages that made Ghana “an ideal entry point to the West African market. ” Defending the model of attracting investment with promises of cheap labor, Mr. London offered an argument very similar to the one American officials made when explaining why  ’s factory would be good for Haiti. “The industrial park will increase manufacturing in Ghana  —   creating jobs and catalyzing growth  —   which benefits the country and investors,” he said. “Wages usually rise when manufacturing sectors expand and produce   goods, which is what we want to see in Ghana. ” BlackIvy’s rationale did not sway labor advocates like Scott Nova, the executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, who had criticized the Haiti project as a misguided American relief effort that glossed over  ’s   history. “When you urge garment manufacturers producing in countries like Bangladesh, where wages are far too low for workers to adequately support their families, to move production to countries with even lower wages, it undercuts the efforts of apparel workers across the Global South to persuade governments, employers and major apparel brands to lift wages to a decent level,” Mr. Nova said.",0
10903,"’Resident Evil 7’ Review: A Thrilling, Terrifying New Direction for the Classic Horror Series - Breitbart","Resident Evil 7 is a triumphant return for a troubled franchise, with only a few nagging missteps keeping it from greatness.[  The quietly bland protagonist of Resident Evil VII fades from existence within the first minutes of the game due to the franchise adopting a   perspective. The moment you step up to the gates of the Dulvey estate, you’re the one watching for predators. There is an unnerving rattle of the chain locking you out it’s a hollow sound, too loud for the   silence that permeates your heavily wooded surroundings. The house stares down at you with quiet malice. From that moment, it’s clear that Resident Evil 7 is going to be different. This isn’t the high concept horror of an action hero braving hordes of shambling corpses, but the seedy dread of hidden atrocities. Every step of your exploration will be laced with that same feeling of constant wrongness, of mortal danger from which you are never more than temporarily hidden. Resident Evil 7 stalks you.  The shift to   surpasses the level of dread that the fixed perspective camera of previous Resident Evil entries used to. Rather than the   feeling of paranoia due to clumsy controls and an artificially restricted view of your surroundings, the   camera ensures you can only ever see threats encroaching from one direction. A floorboard creaks to your right. Something scrapes in the darkness ahead. The door behind you slams shut. There is no “safe” direction to look, no manner in which to easily retreat from the creeping horror. Resident Evil 7 feels dangerous in a way that very few games achieve. All of this is captured with haunting visual and auditory splendor, in one of the most technically accomplished releases I’ve ever seen. With all of the game’s various visual settings maximized, the game regularly verges on the photorealistic. The audio rivals the best work ever done in video games  —   even the most nondescript room is plagued by the distant splatter of rain, creaks and scratches and moans that come from everywhere and nowhere. Playing in surround sound, or with a good headset, is a terrifying experience in all of the best ways.  It’s a shame that so much of that   splendor disappears once enemies are on the screen. Clumsy   hair physics and terrible mouth animation are a jarring departure from the detailed design of each antagonist, momentarily reminding you that these threats aren’t real. The expressions on the faces of the characters just don’t match the   flapping of their jaws. And while the voice work is competently performed, it still suffers from the awkward translation from Japanese to English that has become a recurring theme throughout Resident Evil‘s history. Once the action really began, I was startled by just how tight the game’s shooting felt. Weaponry has heft and impact, and its flashing roars walk the line between making you afraid to attract attention and feeling temporarily   in your righteous fury. But in many cases, no weapon will suffice. The Baker family is virtually unkillable  —   something that the game takes great pains to show you throughout the first hours. In many cases, your only choice will be frantic retreat. Here, too, Resident Evil 7 sometimes loses its way. While the “boss” encounters are frightening, they’re also frustrating. Each one is a bullet sponge, and it’s almost always difficult to tell whether you’re having any effect at all or if you’re missing some mechanic necessary to advance the fight. At times I was forced to retry a fight over and over again, because I simply could not discern how to “win” the encounter.  To make things murkier still, many of these encounters don’t even have a victory condition, per se. Sometimes the game just wants you to do something that clearly doesn’t work, for long enough to progress the event. It’s   and can definitely prove frustrating. You’ve repeatedly demonstrated that bullets have no effect on “Daddy” Baker. Why then do I need to spend several clips on him before I am mechanically allowed to do him real harm? Aside from these   encounters, combat is about halfway to sheer brilliance. While the guns themselves are exceptionally well designed, the enemies you are allowed to kill are all very similar in both appearance and behavior. Because of that, parts of the game begin to lose their sense of dread before their time. Once you see the mess of oily black crawling over the walls, you know what to expect. The initial fear of the unknown dissipates, and you’re left counting how many bullets to your enemies’ heads you’ve fired to make sure you have enough for whatever’s next.  Finally, the frustrations of Resident Evil‘s inventory system returns. It’s been simplified and severely limited, as has crafting. And while both are staples of the franchise, too often it becomes a hassle of juggling half a dozen key items, while still trying to scavenge what you need to make medicine or ammunition. It’s another unwelcome intrusion on the game’s carefully crafted atmosphere, but it will feel comfortably familiar to series veterans. The game is a healthy 10 or so hours long, slowly transforming from creeping dread to desperate action. It ends with just enough left unsaid to continue the tale, and I truly hope that’s the case. This is a phenomenal first effort at something new for a franchise that had gotten decidedly stale in its last few iterations and a fresh take on Resident Evil’s trademark brand of survival horror. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
10904,Conway Defends Bannon - He’s Saying ’Why Don’t You Talk Less and Go Listen to America More’ - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” President Trump’s top aide Kellyanne Conway defended chief strategist to President Trump Stephen K. Bannon.  While discussing Bannon’s statement that regarding the media and that it “should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,” Conway said, “What my colleague Steve Bannon is saying is why don’t you talk less and go listen to America more. ” She added, “The media failed to learn America. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10905,Angry Mourners Bury Civilian Victims of US Airstrike in North Afghanistan,"Afghan Officials Say Taliban Used Locals as 'Human Shields'   
Hundreds of angry mourners gathered today in the north Afghan village of Bouz Kandahari to bury an estimated 30 civilian victims of a US airstrike the previous day. The locals noted that many of the civilians being buried were infants and small children. 
Two US soldiers and four Afghan soldiers were killed in fighting with the Taliban near the village Thursday morning, and the airstrikes were called in, supposedly in an attempt to break the Taliban siege against the village. Instead, the airstrikes hit the village, destroying several homes and killing those within. 
NATO promised an investigation into the details of the matter, but Afghan officials appeared to be shrugging the matter off, insisting the Taliban were using the locals as “human shields” by virtue of their operating somewhat near their homes. 
US statements on the fighting and airstrikes have more or less ignored the civilian toll entirely, insisting only that they take such reports “seriously,” and then going into details about the condolences they offer for the US soldiers killed in the fighting. 
Bouz Kandahari is near the city of Kunduz, which was taken over briefly last year by the Taliban. The Taliban has been advancing in the area in recent weeks, along with offensives against the capitals of two other provinces, Helmand and Uruzgan.  ",0
10906,Comment on WikiLeaks List Exposes At Least 65 Media ‘Presstitutes’ Who Colluded to Hide Clinton’s Crimes by Butch,"Dennis Paul Habern 
Of all the turds that made the list, I am highly disappointed to read Brianna Keilar’s name, but of course, I shall give her the benefit of the doubt, as I maintain that she is only protecting her source of income, if even that is a worthy excuse. Therefore, we have to hold those responsible, accountable, commencing at the top, and that means indicting this worthless Black turd of a POS of a Tar-Baby of a Muslim POTUS and his girlfriend, George Soros, the former and still, NAZI collaborator during WW2 in his native country of Hungary, where this Communist mutt joined a group of NAZI thugs to evict JEWS from their homes and to confiscate their property for Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich. I am surprised by now, that any group of patriotic citizens have not stormed the White House gates to get rid of this worthless Black POS of a Communist, Anarchist, Marxist, Socialist, Criminal and Muslim, in mirroring the 1789 French peasants whom grabbed their muskets and pitchforks and stormed the Paris Bastille (prison) and arrested their worthless King and Queen. The current king and Queen of the United States are currently residing in the White House. Hint, hint, hint, hint!!! The sooner these turds are removed from the White House, Donals Trump can have the entire structure, fumigated to get rid of the political stench that has been accumu- lating since 2009, if you follow. The Bible has maintained that this worthless Black POS of a Muslim POTUS, will not finish his second term. Keep your fingers crossed. 
The Clinton’s and the worthless Black turd from Kenya of a POS of a token Tar-Baby of a Muslim POTUS, are in a classification all by themselves: “CEE YOU NEXT TUESDAY.” islesmetsgiantsfan 
Just look at today. CNN and ABC (Stephanopoulos) asked the same exact question at different times. “Your backers are questioning why would you take time out of your schedule to go to a ribbon cutting ceremony when you should be on the campaign trail.” I thought Trump answered the question smartly. I have been to multiple events yesterday, I am going to 3 more today after this. I built this hotel below budget and ahead of schedule. Why shouldn’t I take an hour to go to this ceremony. Hillary goes to a Adelle concert and everyone says isn’t that wonderful. I go to events in front of thousands and get criticized for taking an hour by the media. Now you are going to tell me this wasn’t coordinated by Hillary’s campaign and the DNC? 2 reporters from 2 different organizations that normally fight for ratings ask the same question. rueangel 
Ummm,… Would it be considered to be ,..’Anti Semitic’,..of me to point out that the entire , so called, “mainstream” media is owned & operated by members of the International Zio.Jew Criminal Cabal,.? 
And might I suggest, that, ALL news coverage is slanted in such a way as to benefit this International Zio/Jew Criminal Cabal in furthering their, ongoing, conspiracy to achieve a ,..’One World’,.. government, which will be dominated by World Jewry,..? runsinquicksand 
It is well known that a lot of people in the press of various levels are married to Washington insiders, politicians, celebrities, and each other. They buy each other off. It’s disgusting. lloyd Lisco 
Add all these names to your list. susan.marsala 
Get paid 90 bucks /day for working on the web from comfort of your own home for couple of h /day… Get regular payment every week… All what is required is a laptop or computer, internet connection, and also some free time… http://ow.ly/n1nP303oO1A GabbyinFlorida 
WE need to boycott these losers and watch advertising dollars stop. America better wake up soon or we will look like Cuba Venezuela and all those other Communist countries. HILLARY Clinton is dangerous and a liar and SATAN. Subscribe TODAY and Never Miss Another D.C. Clothesline Article Email Address",0
10907,Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence,"in: Protestors & Activists , Special Interests , US News Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … “Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Submit your review",0
10908,Halloween Pumpkin Carving Scenes at the Hospital | GomerBlog,"Tweet 
What do you get when you have medical professionals with a warped sense of humor, who are stuck at work at the hospital on or around Halloween? Crazy pumpkin carving medical scenes! We found some great ones on the internet and KNOW that you guys have more out there to share. 
Share your best medical pumpkin carving scenes on our facebook post and we will select a winner of our contest on Halloween night. The winner will get a free GomerBlog flask! Enjoy and good luck! 
",0
10909,Family of Nine Asylum Seekers Accused of Gang-Rape Attack,"Nine Iraqi asylum seekers have appeared in court in Vienna charged with the gang rape of a 28 year old teacher on New Years’ Eve 2015. One of the men has admitted to his part in the attack. [The defendants, all members of the same family, have been charged with “abuse of a defenceless person and rape in a very humiliating and agonising way for the victim. ” All were recent arrivals to Austria, having traveled to the country via the Balkan route between May and December 2015.  At the time of the attack five had already received leave to stay in Austria, while the remaining four were still waiting for their applications to be processed. As proceedings opened on Tuesday the court heard that the victim, identified as Sabine K, arrived in Vienna on 28 December to spend the new year with a friend. As midnight on the 31st approached the pair headed into town to join in with celebrations, and at 2am were seen drinking the Cactus bar and restaurant, the Daily Mail has reported. Shortly before 3am Sabine’s friend noticed that she was no longer there and was told by another patron that she had been taken away, blind drunk, by a group of men she had been talking to. Four of the men, Nazar  . Mohammed  . Alaa   and Mohamed  . escorted her to an apartment in Vienna’s Rustenschacher Allee, where their five relatives, Hader  . Mustafa  . Nael  . Marwan  . and Sabah  . were waiting. Sabine later said she found herself naked on a double bed being assaulted by the men, aged between 22 and 45, in turn. She said she yelled at them in German: “No, I don’t want this” then in English: “Listen to me just a little bit. ” Medical experts testified that she was raped multiple times and sodomised her injuries were such that she required in patient treatment at a trauma clinic. Her lawyer, Karina Fehringer, told the court that she was assaulted in the dark so that she could not identify the men. However, following the attack, which lasted approximately two hours, Mohammed  . took her to a toilet within the apartment where he took a selfie with her on his mobile phone. Later he and Alaa  . escorted her to a local tram stop, where they tried to stop her sobbing by telling her in English “don’t cry”. After Sabine went to the police, officers were able to use a tracking app on her mobile phone to identify the rape scene. The app showed that her ordeal lasted two hours, between 4. 20 and 6. 20 on the morning of 1 January 2016. DNA evidence found in or on Sabine’s body tied six of the men to the attack, while Mohamed   has admitted to his role in the horrific attack, breaking down in court as he admitted he was “really drunk” on vodka at the time despite his Muslim faith banning the consumption of alcohol. “This act is a crime in Iraq” he admitted. His relatives have all denied their involvement one claimed that she had been “offered” to them by relatives, while another insisted that she had been a willing participant in what had occurred. Following the attack Sabine has been receiving psychiatric treatment for post traumatic stress disorder and at the weekend, ahead of the trial, had a second breakdown leaving her to fragile to appear in court. The trial concludes on Thursday, with sentencing expected to take place in March. If found guilty the men have been warned they face up to 15 years each in jail.",0
