id,title,text,label
9018, Philadelphia New Year’s Parade Ruined By Racist White People In Brownface (IMAGES),"It s hard to believe that racism is still a key issue in a city with one of the highest African American populations in America, but that wasn t the case in Philadelphia on New Year s Day, when white people dressed up in brownface for the city s annual Mummers Parade and insulted #BlackLivesMatter protesters with racial slurs   while trying to argue that the parade wasn t racist!The Mummers Parade has been a New Year s Day tradition in Philadelphia where Mummers (amateur actors/Philadelphia citizens) dress up in extravagant costumes and perform throughout the city. As part of the costumes, it used to be common practice for the actors to wear blackface but this was curbed in 1964 after the NAACP and supporting protesters pressured the city to have it removed from the parade. Blackface was never officially sanctioned, so it still occurs despite the fact that blackface is now commonly regarded as racist. In response, the Philly Coalition for REAL Justice decided to schedule a rally during this year s Mummers Parade in protest.Coverage of the rally ended up exposing not only rampant racism, but misogyny. Along with the brownface, there were many men dressed up as  wenches  and some people even mocked the #BlackLivesMatter movement by carrying signs that said Wench Lives Matter,   Pirate Lives Matter  and  Shark Lives Matter  (which bared some resemblance to KKK attire).When parade participants heard of the Philly Coalition for REAL Justice rally, they began flooding the group s Mummers Parade Justice Rally s Facebook event page to convince America that the Mummers Day parade wasn t racist   and ironically showed an impressive amount of white privilege and N-bombs.It should be mentioned that #BlackLivesMatter wasn t even the sole purpose of the rally   it was just one of many issues that protesters had with the Mummers Parade. And the rally s intention was not to shut the Mummers Parade down. The Justice Rally s page wrote: Bring your signs, banners and noise makers to the Mummers parade and let s represent for the issues that matter to our communities! Our goal is to pack the stands and the parade route around city hall with people representing for #BlackLivesMatter in a city 48% black, funding public schools, fighting for a $15 minimum wage, dumping Trump, immigration rights and explosive oil trains. Not one mention of shutting the parade down, just the innocent intention of improving the lives of Philadelphians. Here are some of the horrendously racist, vile things people posted on the Justice Rally s event page in response: So improving Philadelphia is something to condemn, and yet behavior like what happened in the below Facebook post is perfectly acceptable at the Mummers Parade:If that had been a group of drunk black people p*ssing on homeless people, this would have never been accepted. Fortunately, there were also many people who recognized that the Mummers Parade does have a racist past and that racism and misogyny don t belong in such a widely celebrated parade.    Hopefully 2016 will be the year that the more offensive traits of the parade get squashed.Featured image via Joshua Scott Albert Twitter",0
9019, Check Out The New Dating Website That Caters Specifically To White Pride (IMAGES),"Let s just say that if you consider being white the best thing about yourself, you must live one sad, lonely, and pathetic life. One of these pathetic people apparently felt the need to create a  whites only  website to meet like-minded folk. And not just any website, a dating website.What is this dating website called?  Where White People Meet,  of course. Duh.Of course, they re not gonna just come out and say they re racist. They re just going to make the website, in the predominantly white state of Utah, and claim that it s just like any other dating website. Here s what it says in their  About Us!  section: We developed this dating website as an alternative to the other dating websites that cater to certain groups. We simply want to help people connect in a safe and fun online environment without costing them a ton of money. Enjoy! Except, who is it an alternative for? It looks as though, for just $4, it s an exclusive alternative for anti-gay white supremacists. It seems as though one can t search for a same-sex pairing, and the website doesn t state where it stands on polygamy.via WhereWhitePeopleMeet.com What s even more bizarre is the fact that they would advertise this  whites only  on billboards in Utah, a state that is 91.4 percent white. Is it really that hard to find other white singles in Utah? Chances are, if you run into a single person, they re going to be white. So, why bother, unless you just want to be a racist douchebag?West Valley billboard promotes Utah-based dating site geared toward white people: https://t.co/aiEKVRuMD8 pic.twitter.com/5PY1rs58pc  Salt Lake Tribune (@sltrib) December 31, 2015Of course, the website states that it has nothing to do with racism: I am sure some of you are wondering about the concept and need for a dating website titled  Where White People Meet.Com.  Our answer to that would be why not? There are various dating websites that promote and cater to just about every origin, race, religion and lifestyle out there. So again, why not  Where White People Meet.Com ? Basically, it s a  don t forget white people exist, too  website. Which is often code among white supremacists who feel they are being overrun by people born with more melanin in their skin. They have to make sure they are seen and heard. So, while they try to say things like: As you navigate the website and begin to interact with other members, please remember the golden rule of  treat others as you want to be treated.  The staff here at Where White People Meet will not tolerate rude, aggressive or racist behavior. The last thing we want it to have to remove a member of this community but please know that we will. They should be aware that creating a website in a nearly entirely white state to cater to only white people is pretty damn racist in and of itself. And while the NAACP has determined that it doesn t seem to be the work of a hate group, the whole thing just seems really weird and unnecessary. In fact, if this whole thing turned out to some satirical joke, it wouldn t at all be surprising. It s that weird.Featured image: WhereWhitePeopleMeet.com",0
9020, The Funniest And Most Obscene Local News FAILS Of 2015 (VIDEO),"You can always count on local newscasters to make complete asses of themselves, with invariably hilarious results. And in the age of YouTube, the best fuck-ups can be permanently preserved for all time.The following compilation was assembled by the folks at NewsBeFunny and includes all of the greatest (and not so great) news fails of 2015. Of course, they couldn t help but to include some cable news bloopers in the mix.Along those lines is the unbelievably stupid clip of a Fox News Channel reporter hurling an ax at a target, then wildly missing the target and instead hitting a military marching band member performing on the other side of the target. Worse, the reporter reacted by pulling one of these:  \_( )_/ The Fox News ax incident should really be blamed on the producers who decided it d be a great idea to place human beings on the other side of a giant target, then to have a doofus reporter attempt to toss at ax at the target. Doy.Other bloopers are, naturally, not safe for work, while others involve the usual video trolls disrupting on-the-street reporters during live news coverage. By the way, not all of the reporters are American. Included in the mix is a reporter from Scandinavia exclaiming  fuck!  while on the air.Predictably, there are more than a few reporters being attacked by animals and bugs   the latter of which makes for the some of the funniest clips. Oh, and there s at least one clip of a reporter setting a table on fire during a cooking demonstration.And there s at least one clip of a bystander giving a flamboyant and over-the-top recap of a violent accident. No autotune remixes are included in the montage.So, sit back an enjoy the fun. And the stupid. Lots of stupid.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRqieDyEnOg]Featured image via video screen grab.",0
9021, Totally Blow The Minds Of Tea Partiers With The REAL HISTORY Of The Tea Party Movement,"It s been just about seven years since the official founding of the tea party movement. Weird, it seems like much, much longer, but there it is. Seven years since tri-corner hats festooned with tea bags became the national symbol of incoherent, far-right outrage over the ascendancy of an African-American president tasked with lifting the nation out of a devastating Great Recession not of his own making.The tea party emerged as an unofficial sequel to the angry mobs that formed outside various McCain/Palin rallies during the 2008 campaign, complete with viral video messages warning of emerging communism,  Hussein  sleeper-cells and Rev. Jeremiah Wright goddamn-America-hating. A general profile of each group showed considerable overlap: white, Christian, conservative, older Americans who were both shell-shocked by the financial impact of the recession and that the obvious cultural shift taking place in politics, potentially leaving them behind. The president was no longer a twangy, southern good ol  boy or a congenial, plain-spoken old man. This new president would be a northern intellectual   an African-American man with an  exotic  name and an allegedly suspicious background. A flaming cocktail for inciting white conservative fear.Fast forward to the months following the January, 2009 inauguration.Coinciding with congressional debate over the new president s stimulus package, the movement proudly adopted as its namesake the Boston Tea Party, with  tea  carrying the bonus  taxed enough already  acronym. Both meanings contained within the name of the movement were hilariously ironical given how the stimulus would eventually contain, as a total dollar amount, the largest middle class tax cut in American history as well as the fact that the Boston Tea Party was a protest against a corporate tax cut.Feel free to spring this one on your conservative friends. You ll render them speechless.Rewind to 1773 and the passage of the Tea Act, the British law which ultimately sparked the infamous Boston Tea Party.The East India Company, an 18th Century corporation   the McDonald s or Amazon of its era   was in serious financial trouble, and being so closely tied to the economy of Great Britain, it was too big to fail.But rather than bailing out the corporation, King George and Lord North decided that if they just cut the export duty of the company to zero, allowing it to sell directly to the colonies, the East India Company would easily be able to unload its tea to colonial consumers at a discount   boosting sales and rescuing the near-bankrupt mega-corporation. Plus, they reasoned, the colonists would embrace the British monarchy for the cheaper tea, and tensions between the empire and the colonies would be ameliorated, at least temporarily.So in May, 1773, Parliament passed the Tea Act. The long-form subtitle of the act read as follows: An act to allow a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to any of his Majesty s colonies or plantations in America; to increase the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the East India Company s sales; and to empower the commissioners of the treasury to grant licenses to the East India Company to export tea duty-free. Several months later, the East India Company attained the proper clearances and set off to various colonial sea ports with its duty-free tea.To repeat, the rationale for the Tea Act was that lower taxes meant lower prices, which meant the East India Company could sell a hell of a lot more tea. Suffice to say, the smaller colonial tea distributors weren t happy   not to mention smugglers like Samuel Adams  close confidant John Hancock. Colonial retail prices would be severely undercut by the tax-free tea, potentially shoving the smaller importers, and smugglers like Hancock, out of the tea business.It was your basic free market precursor to supply-side Reaganomics in action. In other words, the British government s solution to the East India Company s financial crisis was, in effect, a massive tax cut   a tax cut to zero.Consequently, political activists and, most famously, the Sons of Liberty, proceeded to intimidate and raid   with orders to tar and feather the pilots   any East India tea ship landing at various ports from Philadelphia to Sandy Hook to, naturally, Boston. And later that year, on December 16, 1773, when East India vessels, the Dartmouth, Beaver and Eleanor, were docked in Boston Harbor, the Sons carried out their famous protest, dumping hundreds of crates of tea into the water.All because of a tax cut. Not only that, but the tea party Republicans, while comporting themselves as cheap knock-offs of the Sons of Liberty, have instead embraced the tax-cutting, supply-side policies of the British monarchy.Whoops.Boiled down, it appears as though the tea party movement is in favor of tax cuts, while embracing a historical event that was violently opposed to a massive tax cut. In the interim, the tea party has vocally objected to the notion that something like 47 percent of Americans don t pay federal income taxes. Who is the 47 percent? Forbes broke it down: 17 percent includes students, people with disabilities or illnesses, the long-term unemployed, and other people with very low taxable incomes. Also included would be people like our soldiers in foreign wars who are exempted from paying income taxes while they are on active duty in a war zone. 22 percent of people who did not pay federal income taxes in 2009 are people aged 65 or older who have modest incomes (and do not have earnings). 61 percent are working people who pay payroll taxes but are not paying income taxes.It s important to highlight that these 47 percenters do, in fact, pay state, local, sales and other taxes. So the tea party appears to be in favor of higher taxes for families, seniors and disabled Americans, while also being in favor of lower taxes for the wealthy and corporations, the latter being the exact opposite of the Sons of Liberty. You d think the tea party, which has apparently been  taxed enough already,  would support the idea that nearly half of us don t pay federal income taxes. But they don t. Weirdly.Obviously the tea party s organizers failed to read about history before inappropriately horking the  tea party  moniker, and, indeed, they re more than a little confused about taxes, both modern and historical   the issue upon which the entire movement is based.Whoops again.Anyway, happy seventh anniversary, you magnificent bastards. Hopefully in honor of this occasion, someone will give you the gift that keeps on giving: some high school level history and economics books.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
9022, Texas ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Shoots 6-Year-Old In Spine After Family Makes Wrong Turn (VIDEO),"When Texas governor Greg Abbott said that Texans should  be tolerant  of anyone they see with a handgun in light of the state s recent decision to allow concealed carry permit holders to openly display their sidearms, one thing he didn t think about is that every single person carrying a gun isn t necessarily licensed to do so   but he effectively told residents to accept that every single handgun they see is legal because reasons.Unfortunately, this simply empowers the criminal element   after all, according to the NRA, everyone with a gun is a  good guy  who will save the world. That is, until the  good guy  rips off his mask and reveals that he was a  bad guy  all along.On Tuesday, a  bad guy with a gun  (who looks exactly like a  good guy  until he actually begins shooting) fired numerous rounds at a vehicle containing a family that had done nothing worse than make a wrong turn, severely injuring a child. The family was in the area looking for a tire shop when they became lost and pulled into the parking lot of some townhouses to reroute their GPS.According to investigators, the car s lights were shining on another car. The occupant became annoyed, walked toward the family s vehicle and fired nine shots, one of them piercing through the vehicle s taillight and striking a 6-year-old girl, the bullet lodging itself into her spine. Panicked, the driver attempted to escape as the shooter fired four more rounds at the vehicle as it exited the property. The family drove down the street to a motel and flagged down an officer. The little girl was rushed to the hospital for treatment.A SWAT team detained a person of interest who was arrested on unrelated charges, but he has still not been charged in the child s shooting according to police.Watch a report on the shooting below:Featured image via Examiner",0
9023, Laughing Cops Took Turns Shooting Puppy (VIDEO),"On December 10, Chester Pennsylvania police officers shot and killed one-year-old Bear, a mixed breed family dog, who had been rescued by his owners just months before.According to Christie Fry, the owner of the dog, she first encountered Bear when he was just four months old. Three months later, she brought the injured pup home to join her family. Bear came into my life in May as a rescue. He was seven months old and had a broken leg. He was brought into my family and his leg healed better than expected without requiring surgery. He could run and jump like a normal dog. I loved this dog. I fell in love when I first met him as a four month old pup. But two weeks before Christmas, Chester police pumped eight bullets into Bear, as the horrified mother watched from her window.Fry says that she heard Bear barking in the backyard at about 10:00 am that morning. There was construction going on at the house next door. She explains that Bear was securely hooked up on a tie out in the yard, so she didn t see his barking as a cause for concern.About ten minutes later she heard the first gun shots.I hear two gunshots. As I m getting up I hear the third. As soon as I m standing, I can see out my side window. Police. Fourth shot. I look at what they re doing and see my dog on the ground. My dog starts screaming. I scream. More shots. Five, six, seven, eight. There s two cops taking turns shooting him with smiles on their faces.Fry says she ran out the door, yelling  What the hell? One of the officers asked  Is this your dog? She says that after she told them  yes  and tried to asked what happened.The response she was given is even more disturbing.The officer said (and I quote)  Well you don t have a dog anymore. He s done now!  and laughed in my face.She goes on to say,My one-year-old puppy that I did everything in my power to save was laying there dead. They shot my dog like he was a human coming at them with a gun.Bear was killed less than two feet from his own dog house, located near the fence that separates Christie Fry s property from the house next door.image credit: puppycidedb.comA photo of his body shows that the fence between the Fry s yard and the neighbor s was open. Bear s body is lying just on the other side of the fence.In a subsequent report filed by the police, officers claimed that they had received  complaints  about Bear.Christie Fry says she was never informed of any complaints from anyone.She was at home at the time that police, accompanied by an animal control officer, came to her home. No one ever knocked on her door or made an effort to contact her.Instead it appears that the cops and the animal control officer went directly to the Fry s backyard, where Bear was barking and restrained.According to animal control, Bear conveniently  broke loose from his tie-out  at that time. He claims that Bear knocked him over. He denies that the dog ever bit him or even tried to bite him.Even if the puppy did knock him down, which is doubtful, why was it necessary for cops to shoot him eight times?Christie Fry has started a Go Fund Me page to raise the money to hire a lawyer. As she points out here, the area around Bear s dog house is bare dirt, as is the neighboring yard. Yet she says that there was not a speck of dust or dirt on the animal control officer s suit, even though he claimed that he was knocked into the dirt by an overly zealous puppy.It seems more likely that the cops went to the Fry s home that day with every intention of killing the dog. They likely thought there was no-one at home to witness the shooting. That would explain why neither animal control nor the police made any attempt to talk to his owner, but headed straight for the backyard instead.Fry acknowledges on her Go Fund Me page that  Bear was a barker.  Was he just getting on the nerves of the construction crew next door?If there were complaints about Bear, police have yet to provide his owner with any details of those complaints.This is not the first time that Chester police have come under fire for killing a dog.In 2013, shocked bystanders captured video of officers opening fire on a pickup truck that was occupied by dogs. The truck was parked directly in front of the high school. Police opened fire, shooting toward both the truck and the school during the student lunch period.Here s more on that story from NBC News: According to Chester mayor John Linder, police followed  all protocol  when they opened fire on the pickup truck, ultimately killing three dogs.Since the dogs involved in that incident were pit bulls, the mayor justified the actions of police by citing a supposed  violent history of the animals in question.  (Here s what happened when our guest writer let a pit bull near his baby.)In a statement published by the Daily Times, Mayor Linder said: (P)olice personnel immediately arrived on scene and assessed the severity of the situation. They took immediate action to ensure that no one in the vicinity could be harmed. Meaning they did exactly what witnesses said they did. They pulled up in their vehicles, grabbed their guns and started shooting  immediately,  into the bed of a pickup truck, in front of a school, while school was in session.According to the mayor, two dogs were killed inside the truck. A third was killed  after it exited the truck.  That means they were shooting at a moving target in front of the school, with people standing all around.The shooting was justified because, according to the mayor, the three dogs were a greater threat to the public than a hailstorm of bullets.The mayor stated that the officers involved in the shooting outside the school were in communication with the city s only animal control officer.It s likely this is the same animal control officer that was on the scene when Bear was killed.In a Twitter post, Fry points out that it s not only police that she wants to see held accountable.Image credit: Chris Christie on Twitter, via PuppycideBDIn his 2013 statement, Mayor Linder also said, We don t want to be known as a place that abuses animals or kills dogs. How about not allowing laughing cops to get away with killing innocent family pets, like Bear, who had never even been accused of biting anyone?Fry is in search of an attorney who will help bring the officers that killed Bear to justice.You can donate to Fry s legal fund here.*Featured image credit: Bear, via Chris Christie on Facebook",0
9024, E-mails Show Coordination Between Mayor’s Office And Chicago PD Over Laquan McDonald Shooting,"New e-mails obtained by media outlets show that there was coordination between the Chicago Police Department, the Independent Police Review Board, and the Mayor Rahm Emanuel s office over video footage that shows Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke shoot Laquan McDonald 16 times.Chicago activists and others have hammered the Rahm administration over the delayed release of the video. McDonald was shot to death in October, 2014. Yet, the video of the shooting was not released until November 24, 2015. McDonald was killed by the Chicago Police Department during Chicago s mayoral election. Releasing the video would have been put the Emanuel under national scrutiny. This has led many to believe that the Mayor s office and the CPD were working in a collaborative effort to delay the release of the video to avoid being hurt politically.In one e-mail, attorney Jeffrey J. Neslund explained to city lawyers that the video is going to be very bad for the city. I submit the graphic dash cam video will have a powerful impact on any jury and the Chicago community as a whole. This case will undoubtedly bring a microscope of national attention to the shooting itself as well as the city s pattern, practice and procedures in rubber-stamping fatal police shootings of African Americans as  justified.' Critics of Emanuel and major media publications have called for Rahm Emanuel to resign.The Associated Press reports that the e-mails that were released shows that Emanuel s aids were well aware that releasing the video would be politically explosive. One e-mail in late July even showed that Emanuel s aids were concerned that people that people were beginning to view the case as a cover up. As you might imagine, the timing and details discussed in the Sun-Times article and growing interest in the McDonald incident has not worked in our favor, and is helping to  stir the pot,'  Emanuel aide Vance Henry wrote.In another e-mail, Henry wrote in October, saying that officials would be  smart to act timely and strategically  in reference to McDonald s death and another case where a Chicago police officer killed a 22-year-old woman named Rekia Boyd.These e-mails will not help the Mayor s office convince people that the delay of the video was not politically motivated.This alleged cover up is not the only  sin  that is  catching up to  Emanuel, as Rick Perlstein describes  The Sudden But Well-Deserved Fall of Rahm Emanuel  in The New Yorker. Emanuel s political career has been defined by his war against teachers, privatization schemes, and his efforts to make the Democratic Party unrecognizable from the Republican Party by fighting against  liberal theology,  as he describes it.Featured Image Credit: Daniel X. O Neil via Flickr (CC BY 2.0)",0
9025, Suckers! Sarah Palin Bought This Mansion With The Money Conservatives Gave Her (PHOTOS),"It pays well to be a failed right-wing candidate. Sarah Palin, who served a half term as Alaska s governor and made a halfhearted attempt to become vice president next to John McCain, has profited quite nicely from her place in the conservative universe.After losing the 2008 election, Palin quickly quit being governor of Alaska and became a pundit on Fox News Channel. She signed a book deal and pumped out several tomes (her most recent book is Sweet Freedom: A Devotional), likely ghostwritten by writers who will be forever anonymous, and set up a political action committee, SarahPAC, that went to work buying thousands of her own books   helping to send them up the bestseller charts.While her deal with Fox was ended by the network (after they built her a custom studio at her Alaska home, she rarely appeared on the network outside of goofy appearances on Sean Hannity s program), she ran an online subscription TV service for a while before that abruptly ended, and now appears on the fringe One America News Network. That network has promoted itself as the conservative alternative to Fox News, but does not have mainstream satelitte or cable tv coverage.In 2011 Palin purchased a mansion in Arizona for $1.695 million, and is now selling the property for $2.499 million. She ll make a profit on the home, thanks in part to the Obama agenda she opposed improving the economy and the real estate market.While Palin styles herself as just a hockey mom who loves her country, the 8,000 square foot home is not exactly a humble home on the range.The nearly 8,000-square-foot home was built in 2001. Some of its features include high ceilings, chandeliers and wrought-iron railings.The home also boasts a media room/theater, a wine cellar, six bedrooms and six and a half bathrooms. One of the two master suites includes a rooftop deck.The outdoor area features a built-in grill station, a fire pit, a pool, a spa, a water-saving synthetic lawn and a lighted sports court complete the more than four-acre equestrian-zoned grounds. There s also a six-car garage.The home is inside a gated community, so not just anyone can come inside to pal around with the Palins.Here s how the realtor sells the property to prospective buyers:This pristine gated estate is sure to impress as you enter from a wraparound drive to access the private gated entrance. Masterfully designed & built this 7971 sqft home showcases 6 bedrooms, 6.5 baths, a 6 car garage & breathtaking mountain views from virtually every room! Quality & care echoes throughout, with beautiful finishes, fixtures, fireplaces, chandeliers, soaring ceilings, media theater, wine cellar & more. Craftsmanship extends to the resort themed backyard with fireplaces off the covered patio, veranda & rooftop deck off of the master suite. Luxury abounds with a built-in grill station, fire-pit, sparkling blue pool, spa, synthetic grass & a lighted sports court. This 4.9 acre equestrian estate offers opulence at it s finest.Here are some photos of Palin s mansion, are you in the market?         Featured image via Wikimedia CommonsPhotos via Keller Williams Realty",0
9026," Donald Trump Gets Schlonged By His Own Ghost Writer, Who Refuses To Vote For Him (AUDIO)","When Donald Trump  wrote  a book in 2000, he didn t think it would come back to bite him on the ass.But that book, and the man who actually wrote it, have surfaced to draw a picture of a Donald Trump who is doing the total opposite of what he said sixteen years ago.Dave Shiflett did the heavy lifting on Trump s book  The America We Deserve,  and during an appearance on Fox News Radio with Alan Colmes, the ghost writer slammed the Republican presidential wannabe for being a total asshole who has completely contradicted himself in an attempt to become the GOP nominee. I used to think it was my first work of fiction,  Shiflett said of the book before remarking that it s hard to know where Trump stands on anything because he s a thematic person.Shiflett went on to describe how Trump used to hold very progressive views such as supporting single-payer healthcare and tax increases on the wealthy. He also mentioned how Trump ironically used to criticize Pat Buchanan for saying  too many outrageous and controversial things  to be considered a serious candidate for the presidency. In short, Trump once believed that being outrageous and controversial automatically disqualifies someone from being commander-in-chief, which means he would be disqualified himself since he has clearly adopted Pat Buchanan s style.And despite being Trump s ghost writer, there is no way in hell that Shiflett is voting for him.In the beginning of his campaign, Trump attacked Senator John McCain for being a POW during the Vietnam War, a war that Trump avoided by dodging the draft. McCain was captured after being shot down by enemy forces and he was then brutally tortured to the point where he can no longer lift his arms over his head. Shiflett has been angry about Trump s treatment of McCain ever since, and for good reason. I ll tell you what really bugs me about him, where it really ripped it with me and Trump was the stuff he said about McCain. McCain suffered severely, and I had a son who did two tours in Middle East during the last war and we had kids from here who went over there and some of them got hurt. They ain t gonna be the same. Here s the audio via Buzzfeed:Sounds like Trump s criticism of McCain was the last straw for Shiflett, as it probably was for many Americans. The fact is that John McCain is a war hero who sacrificed for his country, something that Donald Trump refused to do when he had the same opportunity to fight during the war. Instead, Trump chose to dodge the draft through multiple deferments, including a questionable medical deferment.Also, the fact that Donald Trump is using the Pat Buchanan playbook in his run for president is scary, especially since it appears to actually be working this time around 24 years after Americans rejected it when Buchanan sought the Republican nomination in 1992. This just shows how racist and sexist the Republican Party has become over the last two and a half decades.Featured Image: YouTube",0
9027," Four Shot Dead, One Left To Face Charges As Family Of Drunken Gun Collector Fight Over Laundry","Alcohol and guns could be the worst idea ever conceived by humanity. Drinking too much induces poor judgement and anger. Guns produce death and destruction when subject to poor judgement and anger. That was certainly the case in Los Angeles, where a man described as a  heavy drinker  had himself a gun collection and an argument that led to a whole lot of death.The 54-year-old man was apparently arguing over the washing machine, according to the Daily Mail. That escalated into the man shooting and killing his bedridden wife, his son s girlfriend and a 27-year-old man who was visiting. His son then wrestled the gun from his father and shot him, bringing the senseless death toll over a washing machine to four.Neighbors said the son is a 28-year-old with an 8-month-old daughter. The police say they ve been called to the residence on many occasions.And therein lies the problem. Police sent to disturbances at a house like that are bound to know there are weapons on the premises. The man isn t obligated to show them to officers, produce registration or insurance, or prove that he is qualified to fire a weapon safely. If he s a habitual drinker, the end result was always going to be a lot of death. What can the police do? Nothing.Now the son is facing murder charges, which means after he got to witness his father murder his mother, his girlfriend and his friend in cold blood, he wrestled the gun away and executed his own father in what many would call a justifiable fit of rage and others would call another consequence of Americans having unlimited access to guns.The entire incident is nothing but a waste of human life and a tragic start to the mass shootings counter for 2016.Featured Image via downingcentrecourt.com.au",0
9028, Responsible Gun Owner Tries To Use Gun As Alarm Clock – Ends Up Shooting Friend Dead,"If someone were to ask regular people on the street how they would wake up a sleeping person, they would probably shake them or possibly yell,  Wake up!  Normal stuff, right? However, there is nothing normal about your average Second Amendment enthusiast.A man in Chandler, Arizona has been arrested after he allegedly lied to police about fatally shooting an  intruder  on New Year s Eve.It seems like it was your average night. Young people were having a get-together of some kind on New Year s Eve. We have all been to one of these and there is always that one person that falls asleep early. This seems to be exactly what happened in this case.Gage Bodenheimer was at his friend Nathaniel Thomas  apartment. While there, Gage fell asleep on the floor. Not a huge surprise so far, because it gets late and not everyone is a night owl. It was supposed to be a nice night with friends   but someone invited the Second Amendment and he ruined the party.While Gage was sleeping on the floor, his friend Nathaniel decided he should be awake. Instead of nudging him or speaking loudly, Nathaniel decided to point a gun at his friend and pull the trigger   in an effort to make repeated trigger clicks to awaken Gage.Moments later, Gage was dead as Nathaniel   thinking the gun was unloaded   ended up blowing his friend away with the obviously loaded gun.Nathaniel must have heard from the NRA that he was not responsible for his own firearm irresponsibility because he called 911 and reported that he shot an intruder in his home. There were a couple problems with that. One is that the cops could tell immediately that something was amiss due to the nature of the scene. Second, there were witnesses there in the apartment the whole time. All the police had to do, even if they were so inept at investigating the scene, was to ask any person present what happened.The whole affair was infinitely dumb on Nathaniel s part. Then again, your average person who uses a gun as an alarm clock is not the brightest bulb in the chandelier.Nathaniel was promptly arrested after witnesses informed the police of what happened.Featured image via Photobucket",0
9029, You Won’t Believe Who Paid For the Anti-Trump Sky Ads at the Rose Bowl,"It turns out that the individual who bought the anti-Trump sky ads at the Rose Bowl is a supporter of Trump s rival for the Republican nomination. That person happens to be Luther Stan Pate IV, a real estate developer worth millions, who is a backer of Marco Rubio.Pate had already donated $5,000 to the Rubio campaign in early 2015, before Rubio officially announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination. FEC filings show that Pete is listed as the Treasurer and Custodian of Records for a new group called the  WeThePeople Foundation,  an anti-Trump PAC set up on December 29th.The banners read  Anybody but Trump,   Iowans Dump Trump , and  America is Great Trump is Disgusting  in the sky at the Rose Bowl with a number of skywriting planes. The skywriting also directed individuals to the PAC s new website where people can view even more attacks on the controversial billionaire candidate. The website  allows visitors to buy anti-Trump items, and to post anti-Trump videos and material.So what is Pate s motivation behind spending lots of time and money attacking Trump, another Republican candidate? Apparently, Pate is an establishment GOP figure and Trump has been smashing all of the establishment GOP candidates   including Bush, Kasich, and Christie. Meanwhile, Carson s campaign appears to be coming to a halt, with many in his campaign jumping ship. A Republican strategist said: People are finally taking the threat that Trump will destroy the Republican Party and lose the general election to Hillary Clinton seriously. Establishment Republicans believe that the controversial billionaire has alienated a large sector of the Republican voting block. His sexist statements on women, his racist statements on Mexicans, and his Islamophobic rants have led many to believe that he wouldn t stand a chance against the Democratic nominee. That apparently means that besides the creepy Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio is the only establishment-backed Republican who has any shot at beating Trump and winning the nomination.Hopefully all the Republican candidates and their supporters will continue to discredit each other. Featured image via screen capture",0
9030, Carly Fiorina’s Poor Attempt To Pander To Iowa Football Fans Goes Horribly Wrong (TWEETS),"It s the beginning of the new year, and the Iowa caucus is about a month away. With it comes some big time pandering from the presidential candidates scurrying to gather up as many votes as possible. A big win in Iowa could mean the difference between gaining momentum for the remainder of the race, proving the legitimacy of your candidacy to voters everywhere, or just plain calling it quits. For some, it s Iowa or bust. Carly Fiorina is one of those people.So, with that, it s probably no surprise that Carly Fiorina is doing everything she can to improve her dismal 2% poll numbers. Get a load of this, though: She tweeted on Friday that she wanted the Iowa Hawkeyes to beat her alma mater Stanford during the Rose Bowl.Pic via Twitter.How stupid does she think Iowa voters are? In any case, not only did it NOT work, but it ended up backfiring on her   Twitter absolutely roasted her for it.  Even though most of the world already knew she had no backbone and is fake as you know what, this just further proves it.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Those tweets aren t even the half of it. All it took was eleven simple words, and all pandemonium broke out. A natural explanation would be that people just like picking on politicians, but the truth is Carly brought this on herself. You should NEVER root against your own alma mater to pander to votes, NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER. People would actually have more respect for you if you stuck to your guns. People aren t going to change their votes simply because you like the same football team as them. At least, we certainly would hope not.We have more faith in the American people than that, even though, quite honestly, it s pretty low now given how people like Donald Trump can lead in the polls (we ll give you that much). All this proves is that Carly thinks Republicans in Iowa are dumb enough to fall for something like this. And, as much as we d like to disprove it, we simply don t have any evidence that they re any smarter.Featured image via Flickr.",0
9031," Jeb! Makes Awkward ‘Hurricane Katrina’ Joke, Reminds Voters Of Brother’s Awful Record (VIDEO/TWEETS)","Republican presidential candidate and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush has once again reminded everyone of how awful his older brother was for America.Jeb, who has been struggling in the polls andis nowhere near being a potential 2016 nominee for the Republican party, tried to make a (completely awkward) joke about Hurricane Katrina during a campaign stop in South Carolina. Jeb had been trying to compliment South Carolina State Sen. Katrina Shealy and thought it would be appropriate to do so by nicknaming her after the hurricane, which was responsible for the deaths of almost 2,000 people. Bush said, in front of the audience in Lexington: In fact, when I was governor, in 16 months we had eight hurricanes and four tropical storms. One of them was called Katrina. I don t know why your great state senator reminds me of a hurricane. But she does. She s strong and she s fierce, and she s solving problems for you at the state capitol. You should be honored to have her as your elected official. I hope you agree with that. That should be your nickname. In the Bush family, we always give out nicknames. Yours is now Hurricane Katrina. Here s a video of Jeb telling his joke:Shealy, who is a Republican, called the nickname endearing  and  sweet,  and said in an interview with CNN: Everybody in my family, when they had Hurricane Katrina, it was kind of like a big joke in my family because I m the feisty one in the family. I m the one that kinda bosses everybody around. When Jeb made that statement, he didn t consider that his nickname might actually be reminding people about how disastrous the government s response to the 2005 hurricane was under the control of former President George W. Bush, and that it s been regarded as one of the lowest points of his presidency. Because of Bush s pathetic handling of the hurricane, Hurricane Katrina became the most costly national disaster in America s history. The former president s response was widely criticized, as people blasted him for sitting on his hands as the natural disaster devastated southern states.Of course, Jeb received loads of backlash for his comment, as people jumped to give him a dose of reality:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterFollowing Jeb s comments, The Daily Beast asked Jeb s communications team for comment on the weird joke, and was instead given a transcript of what Jeb said. Later, The Daily Beast got a message from Jeb himself, stating that  It was a joke.  When the news source asked Jeb if he felt his  joke  was insensitive, he said  No. TwitterTwitterJeb has made quite the habit of positively framing his older brother s most disgraceful presidential performances. In the past, Jeb was under fire for defending Bush s terrorism record, seemingly having forgotten all about 9/11.Featured image is a screenshot",0
9032, R.I.P. GOP White House Dreams? U.S. Jobs Haven’t Grown This Much Since The ‘90s,"It has been sixteen years since the American economy has added as many jobs as it added in 2015. Economic observers believe, pending the upcoming jobs report that will indicate how many jobs were added in December of 2015, that last year 2.5 million jobs were added to the U.S. economy. That is a feat that hasn t been accomplished since 1998-99, during the Clinton boom.Under President Obama, the economy has completely flipped from its death spiral under the Bush recession.Even with weakness seen during the summer, job gains in 2015 will top 2.5 million, making it the second-best calendar year for U.S. job growth in this millennium, after last year s 3.1 million. The last time more jobs were created in a two-year period was at the height of the dot-com boom, in 1998-1999.The December totals should get a shot in the arm from the warm weather, said Ted Wieseman, an economist at Morgan Stanley. He forecasts an overall gain of 215,000.Barclays told Marketwatch they believe the current unemployment rate of 5.0% will fall to 4.3% by the end of 2016 and 3.7% by the end of 2017.Unemployment reached a high of 10% in the months after President Obama took over from George W. Bush.The growing economy is one of the strongest factors in favor of Democrats retaining the White House, even though it is generally difficult for one party to hold the office for three consecutive terms, a feat last accomplished in 1988 with the transition from Ronald Reagan to George H. W. Bush.It may explain why many of the Republican presidential candidates, including Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio, are increasing how often they speak about the threat of international terrorism. Those candidates have decided to down play the work of the American military in combating terrorism, even as top ISIS leaders die via American bombing raids.Yet even that may be a failing strategy. After the tragic terror attacks on Paris, polls showed that the candidate most trusted to deal with terrorism is Secretary Hillary Clinton, who is also the candidate most closely affiliated with President Obama.On two of the most pressing issues, Republicans have the most recent national failures on their ledger. The economic collapse under Bush, and the growth of international terrorism, particularly the worst terrorist attack in American history, under Bush.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
9033, Guess Who Donald Trump Blames For His Ridiculous Orange Clown Hair (VIDEO),"During another one of his seemingly made-up-as-he-goes stump speeches, Donald Trump attacked President Obama s environmental agenda while zeroing in on his own hair. Trump blamed Obama for banning Trump s brand of hairspray.You can t use hairspray, because hairspray is going to affect the ozone. I m trying to figure out, let s see, I m in my room in New York City, and I wanna put a little spray so that I can [gestures like his combing his hair]. Right? But I hear they don t want me to use hairspray. They want me to use the pump, because the other one which I really like better than going like bing bing bing. Then it comes out in big globs, like oh my God, I gotta take a shower again, my hair s all screwed up. Right? I wanna use hairspray. They say don t use hairspray, it s bad for the ozone. So I m sitting in this concealed apartment   this concealed unit, you know, I really do live in a very nice apartment, right? But it s sealed! It s beautiful. I don t think anything gets out. And I m not supposed to be using hairspray.Trump went on to criticize Obama for traveling around the world in Air Force One, leaving a huge  carbon footprint    not realizing, of course, that Obama as well as Al Gore, by the way, buys carbon offsets to compensate for the pollution created by their various modes of transportation. And even if he didn t, the president requires Air Force One to do his job. Likewise, the Defense Department has noted on numerous occasions the national security threat posed by the climate crisis. Would Trump blame the military for using fossil fuels in their vehicles? I certainly hope not.But back to Trump s hair. Aerosol hairspray using chlorofluorocarbons were discontinued in the 1970s, long before Obama was inaugurated. All new non-CFC aerosol hairspray is readily available in stores, but it doesn t contain any ozone-depleting chemicals any more. Meanwhile, the hole in the ozone is closing, and is expected to disappear by the end of the 21st Century. Trump doesn t know this   or if he does, he s lying to his people, assuming they re too dumb to know about something that ended in the 1970s. Featured image via video screen grab.",0
9034, Christian Fundamentalist A**hole Leaves Waiter A Dirty Trick For A Tip (IMAGES),"Garret Wayman, a 17-year-old waiter in Wichita, Kansas, tweeted photos of a $20 dollar tip he received while working where it quickly went viral. The reason? The $20-dollar bill that was left underneath a ketchup bottle turned out to be note left by a fundamentalist Christian, that was only disguised as a $20-dollar bill.someone seriously left this as my tip today. pissed is an understatement. i was so excited when i saw $20 pic.twitter.com/czntdlgoqS  garret (@BEANBURRlTO) December 29, 2015The note, once opened, reads,  Don t be fooled! There is something you can have more valuable than money.  This is followed by a very long argument as to why a person should read the Bible, and become a Christian.Photo Courtesy: Garret Wyman via TwitterBesides being an incredibly cruel trick of the note being made to look like a $20-dollar bill, the note is essentially just like any other piece of propaganda a proselyting Christian might hand out on the street. The person who left the note apparently wants it to be made very clear that Wyman cannot be truly happy until he finds Jesus. Things and people will disappoint you. Nothing in this world will really satisfy. That is because there is a void in your life that can only be filled by God, who created you,  the note reads.Photo Courtesy: Garret Wyman via Twitter I m 17-years-old, $7,000 in debt because I had to buy myself a car, juggling full-time school, and working seven days a week,  Wayman told Tech Insider, adding that he was excited to see the cash at first because  getting a $20 tip at the restaurant I work at is very, very rare. Restaurant servers make almost nothing without tips. So it is understandable why Wayman is angry about the trick that was played on him. He just left that,  Wayman said.  I wanted to tell him that I only make $3 an hour and bust my a  at my job to make way less than I deserve, but he was gone by the time I had the chance to. The internet has no love for people who are rude to servers in general. People in the service industry work hard for almost no pay, and are almost entirely dependent on the tips they receive. I m sure that to the deranged individual who left this  tip  probably thinks that they were doing a good deed. But all they did is just show the world once again how horrible religious proselytizers actually are.Featured Image Credit: Screenshot via Twitter",0
9035, Ted Cruz Tells His Fanatics To Put On Their ‘Armor Of God’ To Prepare To Fight For Him,"In an effort to prepare his supporters for the upcoming Republican primary, Ted Cruz urged them to put on their  armor of God  and not believe any bad things people say about him. I want to tell everyone to get ready, strap on the full armor of God, get ready for the attacks that are coming,  Cruz said according to the Washington Post.Cruz leads in some Iowa polls over Donald Trump and has seen a rise in national polls despite the fact that his religious zealotry is a huge threat to our democracy and Constitution.And that s why he is telling his fanatics to cover their ears and refuse to believe or even consider any attacks made against him, even if they might be true. Unfortunately, there are a lot of folks in politics who are not constrained by what they view as quaint notions of the truth,  Cruz continued. They believe particularly as you get close to an election day, that they can just toss out any lie, any attack and the attack will do its damage before anyone discovers that it s not true. So I want everyone here to get ready, because that is coming, and it s coming with a ferocity none of us has ever seen. Cruz claims that establishment Republicans are trying to sabotage his campaign by telling lies about him. In reality, the only lies being told are the ones coming from Cruz s own mouth.Like when he was caught in a lie last month on live television during an appearance on Fox News while claiming that he didn t want an immigration bill to pass in the Senate, which didn t match up with previous statements he has made.Or how about when Cruz was outed as a complete hypocrite on CNN when Dana Bash pointed out that he wouldn t be running for president today had the United States not granted asylum to his father. In fact, he may not have ever existed since Cruz s father would have likely been killed in Cuba if the United States government had succumbed to fears over Communism being spread by immigrants.And then there s the time Cruz claimed that Christians do not commit acts of terrorism, conveniently ignoring the KKK, anti-abortion lunatics, Timothy McVeigh and multiple mass shootings that have occurred in recent years.Ted Cruz is basically treating his supporters like a cult leaders treat their followers. He is telling them to ignore what is said outside the campaign and is using religious rhetoric to gin them up into a frenzy. He wants them to believe that he is a divine leader sent by God to rule the country like a king, which is literally what an Iowa Republican actually does believe.Facts and truth do not matter to Ted Cruz. He only wants people to believe what he tells them to believe. And if he does win, theocracy will replace our democracy as the Bible replaces our Constitution.Featured Image: YouTube/ Wikimedia",0
9036," Road Raging Texas ‘Good Guy With A Gun’ Shoots Woman In The Head, Leaves Her For Dead","A University of North Texas student is in critical condition after one of the NRA s  responsible gun owners  shot her in the head during a roadway dispute. According to police, the shooting occurred shortly after 2 a.m on New Year s Day. Police arrived at what they assumed was a run-of-the-mill New Year s drunk driving incident, but quickly learned that the driver of a car that slammed into an electrical pole near Texas Woman s University had been shot in the head.According to witnesses, the driver   a 20-year-old woman who remains unidentified   and her three passengers met with a bit of New Year s terror when an SUV carrying five or six men pulled up alongside them. The occupants of the vehicles apparently argued, leading the men to do what gun-toting road ragers do best  one of them pulled out a gun and opened fire on the woman s sedan.After taking a bullet to the head, the driver lost control and crashed into another vehicle before slamming into the pole. Her passengers suffered minor injuries. One of them   another female   was treated at the hospital and released. The driver remains in critical condition. The shooter, of course, fled the scene along with his friends.According to witnesses, at least two of them men were seen at a New Year s Eve party earlier that night, though there are no other leads that would help locate them.Unfortunately, people who need to validate their manhood by toting guns around are more likely to engage in road rage-y behaviors when they have the option of filling the object of their anger with holes, according to a Harvard School of Public Health study. In addition, a University of Wisconsin study confirms that the presence of guns stimulates violent thoughts and actions in everyone around the weapons  they don t even have to be holding the Second Amendment Stick.Hopefully, the shooter is brought to justice   whomever he is. The NRA constantly tells us that  responsible gun owners  will save us   but the problem is that everyone who owns a gun is  responsible    until they aren t. Everyone who carries a weapon is a  good guy with a gun    until they aren t.Since the open carry of handguns just became legal in Texas with the start of the New Year, we can surely expect to see more of this from the Lone Star State.The victim,  Sara Mutschlechner was taken off life support and passed away shortly before 7 p.m. She had been serving as the designated driver for a group of friends that night.Featured image via Odisha Sun Times",0
9037, Heartbreaking: This Democratic Senator Just Tweeted The Entire Mass Shooting History Of 2015,"A Democratic Senator decided to close out 2015 by raising a strong awareness of just how bad America s gun violence problem is. Senator Chris Murphy (D-CT) made a list of every mass shooting, including the number injured or killed, and posted it to his Twitter account. The list can be paged through, with each entry showing the number of injured and dead.Take a few moments and page through the list below. The tragedy that was 2015 becomes quickly apparent.#ICYMI   for my year in review I listed out every single mass shooting in 2015. They're all here: https://t.co/bUSKcjHs2x  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) December 31, 2015While paging through the list, the reality of our problem with guns becomes undeniable to even the most backwards, gun-toting, Tea Party patriot. Contrasted with a nation like Japan, which averages less than 1 gun death per 100,000 people most years (sometimes averaging so low the statistic is virtually zero), you can see that we simply do not have to live with this as a reality of our society.Many of the incidents that were included never made it to the mainstream media, because they were just not sensational enough. Let s think about that for a minute. In Japan, there was a year when 22 shootings occurred. It became a national scandal. In America, if we had a year with 22 gun deaths, the only  newsworthy  portion of it would be how America  solved  its problem with gun violence.Senator Murphy added the following comment to his post:In 2015 there were 372 mass shootings   incidents where four or more people where shot, including the shooter. I went through each and every one of them on shootingtracker.com, and tweeted out the stories. In the face of this carnage, there is no excuse for our inaction.Senator Murphy s context is very important. Only incidents where four or more people were shot made his list. There are far more that did not. The total number of shootings for 2015 so far stands at an astounding 52,339, with 13,296 deaths. To add a bit of context to the total, only 1,935 were able to be deemed  accidental,  which includes most acts of irresponsible use or storage of firearms.Very slowly, things are beginning to change. President Obama has plans, by way of executive order, to increase the requirements for background checks as well as strengthen the requirements for reporting lost or stolen guns. Coupled with California s new initiative allowing state government to seize guns from those deemed a menace to society, 2016 could mark a slight turning point in NRA dominance over gun safety in America.Featured image via senate.gov",0
9038, Cenk Uygur Rages At White Apathy After CPD Murders Black Teen (VIDEO),"On December 26, the father of 19-year-old Quintonio LeGrier called the police in hopes that they would help him deal with a situation he felt unqualified to handle.During an interview with CNN, the teen s father said that after hearing his son bang on the door, he grabbed the phone and called the police,  because I wasn t equipped with being able to understand how to deal with my angry son at that time.  The grieving father went on to say,  I figured the police would know better how to handle an angry situation my teenage son was going through. During the call, LeGrier described his son s behavior as  a little bit agitated. Far from assisting LeGrier s family, Chicago police shot and killed both the teen and a neighbor, a 55-year-old grandmother whose name was Bettie Jones.Contrary to police statements, we know from witness statements that the officer who killed Quintonio LeGrier opened fire from outside the house, shooting him seven times, from a distance of at least 20 feet away. We also know police made no attempt to talk to the teen. Instead, witnesses say they opened fire  right away. LeGrier s father was still upstairs when his son was killed. His parents report that there are bullet holes in the front door of the family s home.The officer who pulled trigger, described as a former marine in his early twenties, whose name has not been released to the media, reportedly said, F , no, no, no. I thought he was lunging at me with the [baseball] bat. A neighbor who spoke to Mother Jones, identified as DeSean, also witnessed the murder of LeGrier s neighbor, Bettie Jones.One of the officers walked up the stairs and knocked. Then he ran back to the sidewalk and drew his gun  like he was in position to shoot. The officer didn t say anything when he knocked on the door, DeSean said. Jones opened the door a few minutes later, he recalled. When [Jones] opened that door she was like,  Whoa, whoa, whoa! Like,  Slow down wait, wait, wait!  That s what she meant.  He said there had been 15 or 20 seconds between when Jones opened the door and when the officer opened fire.Police have referred to this shooting as  an accident.  It s clear from witness statements that there was nothing accidental about it.The police knocked on her door. Waited for her to open, then immediately shot her dead.According to the Chicago Sun-Times,Larry Rogers Jr., an attorney for the Jones family, said police need to be held accountable for how they treated Jones  daughter. The insensitivity that was shown by the police after the shooting occurred is of extreme concern for the family. One of the daughters asked one of the police officers,  Why did you shoot my mother?  His response was  Your mother s dead. Get over it,  Rogers said Sunday. You know what s insensitive?  said attorney Sam Adam Jr., who also represents the Jones family, gesturing to the presence of Jones  two daughters, LaToya and LaTarsha Jones.  They could at least send someone to clean up their mother s blood the day after Christmas. When the doorbell rang, she answered the doorbell and shortly after that she was shot to death,  Adam said.No attempt was ever made by police or rescue workers to provide medical attention to the two victims.During an episode of The Young Turks, published on December 31, host Cenk Uygur expressed outrage over the killing and the apathy of white Americans, when it comes to brutal, officer-involved killings such as this one.Watch the video here, courtesy of The Young Turks on Facebook. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Heartbroken Father Speaks Out After Cops Murder SonHeartbroken Father Speaks Out After Cops Murder SonPosted by The Young Turks on Thursday, December 31, 2015Following the death of her son, Janet Cooksey, Quintonio LeGrier s mother, asked a very important question during a December 27th press conference.  Who are we supposed to call? As Cenk Uygur points out in the video above, calling police for help is the last thing we should do if a family member is dealing with an emotional or mental health issue. Communities must come up with their own solutions to provide safe intervention services for families, that do not involve police.It seems one solution might be to organize community task forces, which would be made up of people who are trained to provide crisis intervention and mental health services to families. Community task forces could provide families with an alternative to police involvement, saving lives and preventing mentally ill family members from becoming victims of an unjust  justice  system, in which the only options are generally incarceration or execution.As TYT points out, people who are experiencing a mental health crisis are more likely to be killed by police than any other segment of the population.It s simply not safe to call police for help in the United States. It time for communities to come together to create alternatives that protect children and families in crisis, rather than causing them irreparable harm.As Uygur asks in the video,  What if this were your kid and not a Black kid? Our society can not continue to look the other way while our police brutally murder other human beings. We cannot keep blaming the victims of these Gestapo-style executions, while excusing and defending the officers that kill in cold blood.Featured image via Facebook",0
9039, Hillary Was Right: Trump Rant On Muslims Shows Up On New Terror Recruitment Video,"After Hillary Clinton made the argument that Donald Trump s hateful rants against Muslims were fueling Islamic terrorism recruitment during a recent debate, Republicans and the Fox News crowd last their minds accusing her of lying.  Where were these videos?  They demanded. A reporter just found one.While ISIS s campaign of terror in the Middle East gets most of the headlines, an equally horrific group is operating out of Africa. Al-Shabab, linked to al-Qaeda, has been responsible for a number of massacres, terror attacks, and other human rights atrocities, primarily in Somalia and Kenya. Recently, the group s numbers and influence has dwindled after sustained opposition from a coalition of African governments. They are clearly desperate   so they are reportedly turning to the powerful recruitment tool known as Donald Trump.Harun Maruf, a journalist working with Voice of America, has been closely following Al-Shabab and its recruitment strategies. On January 1, he came across a new video that features   you guessed it   Trump s recent call for a  total Muslim ban. BREAKING: Al-Shabab issued a new video propaganda video targeting African Americans and US Muslims. #Somalia  Harun Maruf (@HarunMaruf) January 1, 2016BREAKING: Donald Trump's recent speech calling for ""total Muslim ban"" is on Al-Shabab recruitment video. #Somalia  Harun Maruf (@HarunMaruf) January 1, 2016The video itself features an English speaking narrator telling young Muslims that America is a racist nation. A clip of what appears to be an ISIS spokesman explains that Jim Crow laws targeting African Americans have morphed into religious discrimination, then cuts to Donald Trump calling for a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. 3) New #Shabaab vid shows #Trump proposing Muslim travel ban & Awlaki predicting bigotry & ""concentration camps"" pic.twitter.com/2KMpzYf3ui  Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) January 1, 2016It s easy to see why Trump s hateful remarks would be attractive to terrorist recruiters. For years, terrorism experts have warned that radical extremists rely on propaganda and fear-mongering about the West to get desperate people to join up with violent causes. The idea is to paint America as hostile to Muslims and therefore a natural  enemy  to Muslims around the world. If America hates Muslims, then lashing out against it is a natural conclusion, or so the thinking goes.Trump, with all of his small minded bigotry, is a boon for this propaganda. After all, just playing a clip of him spouting off hatred is enough to prove to many that Americans do hate Muslims. Nobody knows that better than the terrorists themselves.While Republicans took potshots at Hillary over her calling this spade a spade, her comments hold up remarkably well under scrutiny. Even before she set off a firestorm of conservative outrage during her debate appearance, she was unflinchingly calling out Republican Islamophobia. On December 8, she went so far as to release a statement warning all Republican candidates, not just Trump, to stop the hate.This kind of rhetoric sets us back in the fight against radical jihadists a fight we absolutely have to win, against a brutal, nihilistic enemy who twists Islam to justify mass murder. These jihadists cannot be contained; they have to be defeated. And the vast majority of Muslims here and abroad are on our side in this fight. Many are helping prevent radicalization, including here at home. So why would anyone suggest that they re the enemy? How does that help us? Radical jihadists are telling people that the United States hates Muslims and there s Donald Trump on TV screaming about how he s going to keep all Muslims out. He s strengthening the terrorists  argument.A desperate, losing terror group like Al-Shabab is staking their future on Trump. That should say it all.Feature image via YouTube",0
9040, Skywriter Leaves HILARIOUSLY Honest Messages About Trump Above Rose Parade (IMAGES),"There are a lot of ways to express your disfavor of a presidential candidate. However, some are just far more entertaining and hilarious than others.Some people choose to show up to campaign events and protest. Others may bombard a candidate on Twitter. And then there s the group that goes all out, hires a skywriter, and has a message of disdain written across the sky over the nationally televised Rose Parade.It looks as thought the people over at AnybodybutTrump.us have done just that.Who was this contempt aimed at? None other than Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump who has the now infamous campaign slogan of  Make America Great Again! What did the skywriter write across the sky for all to see? One of messages read: AMERICA IS GREAT! TRUMP IS DISGUSTING Haha Skywriter at @RoseParade: America is great Trump is Disgusting. #truth #RoseParadeOrBust @SMShow @Thom_Hartmann pic.twitter.com/5o6w6sZZb4  Summer Sharp (@SummerSharp) January 1, 2016""TRUMP IS DISGUSTING"" is now above the Rose Bowl pic.twitter.com/DSVE7bJASl  Dr Cork Gaines (@CorkGaines) January 1, 2016Simple, yet honest, and definitely went directly to the point.Another message read: TRUMP LOVES TO HATE ANYBODY via SBnationAnd another: TRUMP IS A FASCIST DICTATOR via SBnationSigned, cordially:via SBnationHow badly do you have to not like a candidate to hire a skywriter to spread your message? It seems when Trump says that Americans  love  him, it may not be as many as he d like to think.Truth is, America is pretty damn great already, and has gotten better under President Obama. These Republican candidates who claim they want to turn things around or make things great again apparently liked an America on the brink of another depression. They apparently liked an America where LGBT citizens weren t granted equal protection under the law as guaranteed in the 14th Amendment. They apparently liked an America where people didn t have affordable access to healthcare. They apparently liked no consumer protections from credit card companies.Kudos to AnybodybutTrump.us who hired the skywriter to display this messages of derision against Donald Trump, good on you. Donald Trump is disgusting, and America is already great, and hopefully will get even better with the election of another Democrat in November.Featured image: Gage Skidmore (flickr)",0
9041," Tired Of Things Going Well, Marco Rubio Makes Promise To Destroy America Again (VIDEO)","Listening to several of the Republican candidates for president, one could wonder if they ve been in a cryogenic sleep for the past seven years, and they re still talking about how badly George W. Bush screwed things up. However, no, they keep repeating the lie that the nation is so much worse now than it was at the brink of a recession before President Obama took over. Republican voters should honestly be insulted by this, being treated like idiots absent from reality. Although, maybe they are idiots absent to reality, and these Republican candidates are just being opportunistic.Repeating this lie of  seven disastrous years  of Obama, Marco Rubio took to the media branch of the GOP, Fox News, to give a quick campaign message and offer his well wishes for the new year. Hi, this is Marco Rubio, a senator from Florida, and a candidate for President of the United States. As we leave 2015 behind and look forward to 2016, with the elections that are coming up in November, this is the year where we re going to have a chance to turn America around. After seven disastrous years of the current president, we have a chance to reclaim the American dream, and that s why I m running for president. And my resolution for 2016 is to do everything I can to not just restore the American dream, but to expand it to reach more people and change more lives than ever before. So that this, the greatest country in the world, can be greater than it s ever been. So, what America does Rubio want to go back to, exactly? One where people are losing their homes? One where jobs are lost at a rate of 750,000 per month? One where people could be denied healthcare for a preexisting condition? One where the 14th amendment is ignored and marriage equality doesn t exist? One where Osama bin Laden is still alive? One where credit card companies can still screw customers over left and right?Honestly, what does Rubio want to do to  turn America around,  because it sure as hell looks as though we are headed in the right direction, and if anything could stand a candidate to continue Obama s progress and advance it further.Rubio apparently wants an America where Wall Street runs the show, people die or go bankrupt from lack of health coverage, and Americans aren t treated equally under the law. So, if that s the America Rubio wants   thanks, but no thanks. .@marcorubio:  This is the year where we re going to have a chance to turn America around.  #FoxNews2016 https://t.co/yvze0WpCKg  Fox News (@FoxNews) January 1, 2016 Video/Featured image: Twitter",0
9042, Here’s What The Fracking Industry Gave To Oklahoma In 2015 (IMAGES),"The fracking industry has given the state of Oklahoma a new claim to fame that no one in Oklahoma wanted. In 2015, Oklahoma had more earthquakes than the entire continental United States combined. There were 857 earthquakes in Oklahoma with a magnitude of 3.0 or higher. The total number of earthquakes for the continental United States with a 3.0 magnitude or higher was 1,556.Nearly two dozen peer reviewed, scientific papers have been published that show that there is a likely link between waste water injection wells used by the fracking industry and the increased number of quakes that have rocked the state.Oklahoma has seen a dramatic increase in the number of earthquakes over the past few years, that coincide with the state s fracking boom. In 2014, there were 585 quakes, a record for the state. In 2013, there were a comparatively stable 106.Here is a chart that shows the rising number of earthquakes. It is important to note that there were 84 less quakes in 2015 than was projected. As devastating as the quakes can be for the local population, they are also a matter of national security.  The small town of Cushing, Oklahoma is considered a top target for terrorist attacks. That s because Cushing is the largest oil hub in North America. Cushing holds a considerable amount of crude oil. Bloomberg reports that some of the tanks can fit a Boeing 747 jet inside of them. Though they are generally used to store around 10 million barrels of crude oil. On Oct. 10, 2015 a 4.5 earthquake occurred just three mules from Cushing.The irony that a process used to extract oil is putting the United States  largest oil hub in grave danger, should not be lost on anyone.In 2015, the ban on oil exports was lifted, setting the stage for increased use of fracking in the United States, far more so than what was already expected to occur.Featured Image Credit: Oklahoma Office Of The Secretary Of Energy & Environment via Ecowatch",0
9043, Pastafarian Fights Georgia For Right To Wear Colander In License Photo — Will Probably Win,"Pastafarianism is a fairly new religion. Its adherents are atheistic in belief, and they worship the Flying Spaghetti Monster. The religion took off in 2005, founded by Bobby Henderson in response to the Kansas Board of Education s decision to allow so-called  Intelligent Design    which is nothing more than biblical creationism in a very transparent disguise   to be taught as a valid point of view in public schools. Ever since the religion became popular with non believers everywhere, Pastafarians have been fighting for the same rights that every other religion has   including the right to wear religious headgear in driver s license photos. For Pastafarians that means wearing colanders in their photos.The latest fight in this arena comes from Chris Avino of Georgia. Avino was allowed to wear the colander in a temporary driver s license photo, but the decision was reversed for the picture that would be used on his permanent document. Officials insist that the state of Georgia  does not deem it appropriate to allow customers to be issued identification cards of licenses that portray satirical or offensive points of view.  This ruling comes courtesy of Angelique McClendon, an attorney for Georgia s Georgia Department of Driver Services. McClendon s decision comes because she says that while headdresses, scarves, and veils can be worn in photos for religious purposes, that a colander is not a veil, scarf or headdress. A colander is a kitchen utensil commonly used for  washing or draining food. McClendon also went on to condemn Pastafarianism altogether, saying that it is  not a religion,  but instead philosophy that mocks religion. Avino, however, took his cause to Twitter, and seems to be considering taking the state through the legal system regarding his religious right to wear his colander. He answered McClendon s ruling by saying: Just because a colander is not traditionally used as a headdress does not mean that it cannot serve that purpose. In fact, it does serve that purpose for the tens of thousands, perhaps even hundreds of thousands, of believers who claim Pastafarianism as their religion.You may find our beliefs to be strange, but as strange as you may feel they are, they are still our beliefs. Some may find it strange that Christians believe that Jonah spent  3 days in a whale s belly  according to some texts. Some may find it strange that Muslims believe that Muhammad was carried to the seven heavens on the back of a winged horse. Some may find it strange that Scientologists believe that Xenu, the dictator of the Galactic Confederacy brought billions of people to earth in a DC-8-like spacecraft, stacked them around volcanoes, and killed them with hydrogen bombs. Maybe you, the reader of this letter, do not personally believe that Muhammad flew to heaven on a winged horse, but do you question the validity of Islam as a religion? He went on to make the very valid point that it is not up to the state to decide which religions deserved recognition, and that if they recognize one, they must recognize all. Our religion exists. It is legitimate. It s claims are no less valid than the claims of other recognized religions. I am in no way breaking the law or breaking any rules by wearing my religion s headdress, a colander, during my driver s license photo. But DDS is. DDS is infringing on my 1st amendment right to express my religious beliefs freely within the laws of the United States of America, within the laws of the state of Georgia, and within the rules of the DDS. The thing is, when you strip away the commonality and acceptance of mainstream religions like Christianity and such without question, they are no more valid than Pastafarianism. There is not a shred of evidence that any of them are true. Therefore, if Christians, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, and others get recognition, Pastafarianism should as well. Chris Avino is right. It is not up to the state to decide that his religion deserves no recognition. All religions are equally ridiculous, and I champion his right to wear his colander.Sue the pants off them, Mr. Avino, and wear your religious colander with pride.Featured image via Twitter/Raw Story",0
9044, FL ‘Responsible Gun Owners’ Shoot 9-Year-Old Girl During ‘Celebratory’ New Year’s Gunfire (VIDEO),"A bunch of the NRA s  responsible gun owners  in Florida rang in the new year with gunfire   something that had a very negative impact on at least one little girl s ability to enjoy herself. As she was leaving an Orlando church just after midnight, a massive amount of gunfire rang out. Was ISIS attacking? Nope. Was there yet another mass shooting happening? Negative. Was the American Taliban celebrating New Year s Day by wildly firing their weapons? Bingo.As the girl was exiting the service at a church on the 800 block of South Kirkman Road, the was struck in the right arm by a bullet, according to police. Law enforcement says that the girl was not targeted   the bullet came from one of many individuals who were wildly firing their  self-defense  weapons into the air in celebration of the holiday. There are many ways to enjoy the New Year, but firing random shots in the air should not be among them,  Orange County Sheriff Demings in a statement. Unfortunately, police do not think a suspect can be found because the round that struck the little girl seemed to be from the voluminous amounts of gunfire  happening at the time of this senseless shooting.Firing a gun in public or on a residential property is a crime, and can range from a first-degree misdemeanor to a third-degree felony. Unfortunately, the nation s ammosexuals do not care much about laws regarding guns, with many demanding that gun sellers ignore Obama s planned executive action to keep these dangerous weapons out of the hands of people who should not have them   a group that probably includes every single person who felt the appropriate way to ring in the new year is by randomly firing their guns and almost killing a child.The little girl was treated on the scene by the Orlando Fire Department, and is expected to recover from her injuries   fortunately.Watch a report on this senseless shooting below:Featured image via Guns.com",0
9045, Judge Serves A Crushing Blow To The Florida GOP That Could Change The State’s Color,"A Leon Circuit Judge in Florida has adopted a map of Florida Senate districts that is a huge win for voter s rights groups and a crushing blow to one of the most heinously corrupt political systems in the country. Florida registered Democrats outnumber Republicans. The state has a history of pulling off wins for Democrats like Barack Obama and Al Gore. The latter is proof of what the state is also famous for.Florida has a sad history of voter suppression. College students and new residents turned away because they either kept their home state license or hadn t switched it yet. It was OK to register, sorry, you just can t vote. Long lines and refusals are commonplace, as are difficult to read ballots. then there were the chads. Hundreds of thousands of votes tossed aside because of hanging chads.So why is the redistricting of Florida s Senate so important? it gives the Democrats a shot at a one-seat majority. Taking half of the legislative power in the state is the first step to maintaining Florida as a solidly purple state. Purple states tend to turn blue in presidential election years, and with a little bit of down-ballot voting, a Democrat could see the Governor s mansion.Florida s house districts were recently redrawn as well, but the more than 20 seat supermajority Republicans hold is from the rural districts where the south is still the south and everyone else be damned. Still, a purple Florida could lead to exciting advances in both the US House and Senate. Marco Rubio has shown what his service to his country means by abandoning his post. He doesn t want to play senator anymore, he wants to play president.That s the kind of quality  red  thinking we ve seen from Florida since the 1990s. We get to sit and listen to Jeb! brag about how great the Florida economy was when he was governor, never once mentioning that it was built on a bubble of real estate and construction. It was called a  boom.  Every tradesman known to man went into business for himself and made three phone calls, scheduled 6 months at a time of whatever it was they did and went to work.When the bubble exploded and the bottom fell out, thanks to further deregulation by brother George among other things, Florida was left in shambles; the housing market decimated. Banks went into mass foreclosure mode on such a scale that it will never truly be settled. Neighborhoods were abandoned as tradesmen lost their livelihoods almost overnight.This is the Republican plan in action because Florida is so strict with their building licenses and the costs with required insurances went so high that those enterprising tradesmen ended up working for big companies or leaving the state altogether when things started turning around. Many who lost everything found themselves working for half or less of what they were making before the crash.Florida deserves a break. Far too much idiocy comes from Florida conservatives. Or have we forgotten: George Zimmerman. Florida has a shot at redemption if those people who are registered Democrats get out and vote blue all the way down the ticket.Featured image via redstate.com ",0
9046," Bill Cosby Thanks ‘Friends And Fans’ In New Year’s Tweet, Twitter EVISCERATES Him (TWEETS)","Bill Cosby was America s favorite dad for a long time. However, there was a dark side to the comedian and television icon s legacy. For years, there have been whispers that Cosby was drugging and sexually assaulting young women, many of whom were young, starstruck, naive and believed that Cosby could help with their entertainment careers.In recent times, though, Cosby s alleged dirty deeds came back to haunt him, and nearly 60 women came forward to reveal to the world what he had done. Finally, with the statute of limitations on one of the cases just days from running out, Cosby was arrested for sexual assault.On New Year s Eve, Cosby sent out a tweet to his  friends and fans,  who support him despite the damning evidence against him and the huge number of women saying he violated them. While there are certainly many Cosby apologists out there, most people at this point believe the women. It turned out that sending this tweet was definitely the wrong thing to do. Twitter pounced on the disgraced star as he, in my opinion, so richly deserved:@BillCosby I get the friends and fans things, Bill, but what do you say to the victims?  Steve Elzer (@Steveelzer) January 1, 2016@BillCosby having any ladies over tonight for quaaludes and rape?  Augie March (@AugustMarch2) January 1, 2016@BillCosby Forgot u were on here & i was following you. Your past has finally caught up to you. There isn't a known level of shame for u yet  #GoBucks (@Tim_Static) January 1, 2016@BillCosby enjoy getting roofied in prison.  Joe 2016 Edition (@JoeAlv) January 1, 2016@BillCosby Seriously? You & your wife need to be locked up.  Mary Kastelic (@MaryKastelic) January 1, 2016@BillCosby No, thank you for sabotaging your own legacy and tarnishing people's childhoods. Tryin not to pass judgment, but, c'mon dude  Kenny Baker (@BoyRaisin2) January 1, 2016@BillCosby what would you do if you found out there was a slight chance someone drugged and raped your wife or daughter? Would you be cool..  stephen slade (@StephenSlade) January 1, 2016Plenty of people pointed out that Cosby is innocent until proven guilty, which, to be fair, is true. However, considering the fact that he admitted under oath that he used quaaludes on women he wanted to have sex with well, let s just say the cards are stacked against him.This really just goes to show that America has a major issue with victim blaming and refusal to believe women who are victimized, especially when a beloved celebrity is the one being accused. Being rich and famous with a lot of fans and influence should not mean that one is above the law, and that is what has been the case with Cosby for years. Yes, he should have his day in court   but so should the victims. Justice is what is important here, not a television legacy.Featured image via Bill Cosby Twitter/Raw Story",0
9047, Obama Announces ‘Unfinished Business’ For 2016 And The Right Will Hate It (VIDEO),"President Obama began the new year of 2016 with a video asking for the nation s help in fighting one of its biggest problems: gun violence.In his weekly presidential address Obama ran through the accomplishments of his administration from 2009 to present, including job creation, expansion of health insurance, lowered oil costs, and marriage equality. Then he spoke about the  unfinished business  of fighting the epidemic of gun violence.Last month, we remembered the third anniversary of Newtown. This Friday, I ll be thinking about my friend Gabby Giffords, five years into her recovery from the shooting in Tucson. And all across America, survivors of gun violence and those who lost a child, a parent, a spouse to gun violence are forced to mark such awful anniversaries every single day.Obama then noted that even though a majority of homes support policies to expand background checks   even homes with NRA members   the Republican congress refuses to move ahead at the behest of the well-financed National Rifle Association.As a result, Obama notes that  tens of thousands of our fellow Americans have been mowed down by gun violence. But even though its his last year in office, the President is not going to stand still on the issue, despite the threat of backlash from the NRA.A few months ago, I directed my team at the White House to look into any new actions I can take to help reduce gun violence. And on Monday, I ll meet with our Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, to discuss our options. Because I get too many letters from parents, and teachers, and kids, to sit around and do nothing. I get letters from responsible gun owners who grieve with us every time these tragedies happen; who share my belief that the Second Amendment guarantees a right to bear arms; and who share my belief we can protect that right while keeping an irresponsible, dangerous few from inflicting harm on a massive scale.Obama doesn t have to do this, he could sit in office for the next 12 months on his laurels and just accept the achievements that he s accomplished. But he clearly wants to do more, and he s going to get it done.Featured image via YouTube",0
9048, Damning New Evidence Shows How Israel Bribed Republican Traitors To Sabotage Obama On Iran Deal,"You probably can recall the huge diplomatic mess that Republicans made last year, by sending an  open letter  to Iran in an effort to sour President Obama s negotiations on the Iranian nuclear program. The letter was a clear shot at the deal the White House had been working on since the very early days of President Obama s time in office. Republicans attempted to frame any agreements Iran would make with Obama as  not guaranteed  to continue once he leaves office. This, in addition to the invitation of Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress without the approval of the White House, put negotiations at a real risk. Many thought that it would push circumstances to where Israel would unilaterally conduct military strikes against Iran, which is a situation nobody wanted to see happen.The reaction was fast and harsh by many in America, who saw it as an unprecedented move that bordered on outright treason by Republicans. It got so bad that even some Republicans who signed off on the letter were having second thoughts as to how bright of an idea it was.Benjamin Netanyahu openly admitted to lobbying Congress for help to scuttle the deal. However, he never discussed direct contact that the Israeli government had with congressional members or the offers that were made to them. Now, with these new revelations, it shows damning evidence that this is exactly what Israel and Republicans did.Scathing new reports, which were made possible from leaked NSA wiretapping, show how Israel communicated directly with members of Congress. It proves that Netanyahu and his cohorts were attempting to essentially bribe Republicans into sabotaging the diplomatic efforts of a sitting United States president. A U.S. intelligence official who was involved in managing the NSA intercepts said Israel s communications with Republicans included such questions as:  How can we get your vote? What s it going to take?  What further denial of treason can be made by either Republicans or Israel at this point?Judging from the Republican course of action on this matter, we can see that Israel met with success. While no  smoking gun  has been uncovered yet in these releases, you don t have to be any kind of political genius to understand that America s broken campaign finance system would allow for Israel to pay handsomely for Republican services. All Israel and Netanyahu had to do was send money through middlemen, or call in some favors stateside requesting donations be sent to certain interests.Even though Israel continues to deny that they were spied upon, the implications are obvious. A foreign government directly accessed elected members of the U.S. Congress and offered them bribes to sabotage diplomatic processes in place with another nation. There is no more clear a case for treason that can be made.Thankfully, Israel and the Republican party did not succeed this time. The deal is in place, and Iran just released tons of its stockpile of enriched uranium to Russia, ensuring that it would not be crafted into a bomb. Iran will not be enriching any new uranium for the next 15 years, it will be reducing its centrifuge capacity for future enrichment by two-thirds, and it will diminish its current stockpile of enriched uranium by an estimated ninety-seven percent.There is a poetic justice to be had by President Obama on this issue. When he received the Nobel Peace prize early in his first term, practically every Republican erupted in jealousy saying he didn t deserve it. Admittedly, anyone can see the prize was given to Obama as well as America for moving off the path of the Bush warmongering years. Now that President Obama has achieved nothing short of a historic victory in dealing with Iran, nobody can try to suggest he has not earned his prize.Featured image via Flickr",0
9049," Ben Carson Campaign In Shambles After Top Aides, 20 Staffers Quit","It s not looking like much of a Happy New for republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.Carson, who has been nosediving in the polls since November, woke up on New Year s Eve to a resignation phone call from his campaign s top adviser, Barry Bennett. But that was just the beginning of the candidate s troubles.Shortly after Bennett resigned, Carson s Communications Director, Doug Watts, also handed in his resignation.That was followed by the resignation of his Deputy Campaign Manager, Lisa Coen.Just when it looked as if things couldn t get much worse, 20 additional staffers followed Carson s former top advisers out the door.The walk-out follows accusations that Carson s campaign is little more than a  money-making scheme  spearheaded by an unethical conservative commentator named Armstrong Williams. Williams biggest claim to fame is that he was secretly paid more than $240,000 by the George Bush administration to unethically promote the President s signature No Child Left Behind policy. Interestingly, Williams is not only Carson s campaign manager, but also his business manager.As Raw Story reported back in November, Carson began facing allegations about the sincerity of his campaign after he bypassed opportunities to engage voters in early primary states, in favor of a tour to promote his most recent book.In an article published in New York Magazine, staff writer Jonathan Chait asked whether Ben Carson is really running for president, or simply running a money-making con scheme.Chait pointed out that, Conservative politics are so closely intermingled with a lucrative entertainment complex that it is frequently impossible to distinguish between a political project (that is, something designed to result in policy change) and a money-making venture. He then went on to discuss the potential benefits of announcing that you re running for president, even if you don t actually want to be president. Declaring yourself a presidential candidate gives you access to millions of dollars  worth of free media attention that can build a valuable brand. So the mere fact that Carson calls himself a presidential candidate does not prove he is actually running for president rather than taking advantage of the opportunity to build his brand. Indeed, it is possible to be actually leading the polls without seriously trying to win the presidency. What Chait discovered about Carson s campaign was that it has all the tell-tale signs of a scam. Carson is doing a lot of things that seem puzzling for a presidential campaign, but quite logical for a brand-building exercise. He is taking weeks off the campaign trail to go on a book tour. His campaign itself is structured much more like a scamming venture than a political one. An astronomical 69 percent of his fund-raising totals are spent on more fund-raising. (Bernie Sanders, by contrast, spends just 4 percent of his intake on fund-raising.) In addition to direct mail, Carson seems to have undertaken a massive phone-spamming operation. Spending most of your money to raise more money is not a good way to get elected president, but it is a good way to build a massive list of supporters that can later be monetized. Perhaps it is a giveaway that the official title for Armstrong Williams, the figure running the Carson  campaign,  is  business manager,  as opposed to  campaign manager.  It does suggests that Carson is engaged in a for-profit venture. Today as Carson s staffers began abandoning ship in droves, they left no doubt about their reasons.Bennett placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of Armstrong. He noted that the Carson campaign has raised more money this quarter than any other Republican candidate.And yet according to the most recent polling data, Carson lags some 27 points behind Republican front runner Donald Trump.It doesn t add up, and it seems that a lot of his staffers know it.In a final stab, seemingly aimed at the lack of sincerity and professionalism within the Carson campaign, Bennett said during an interview with Reuters, I can play amateur politics at home with my 9-year-old. I don t need to do it at the professional level. Featured image credit: Gage Skidmore via Flckr",0
9050,Democrat Senator Warns Mueller Not To Release Findings On Russia Before 2018 Midterms,"According to The Hill, Democrat Senator Bob Casey is warning special counsel Robert Mueller against issuing his Russia report near the 2018 electionSen. Bob Casey Jr. (D-Pa.) on Sunday warned special counsel Robert Mueller against issuing a report on his findings in the ongoing investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election near the upcoming 2018 midterm elections.Speaking to radio host John Catsimatidis on New York radio station AM 970, Casey said he couldn t make any assumptions about where the Mueller investigation is going in light of indictments issued on Friday. But he added that he would recommend Mueller not release a report on his findings near the midterms when it would distract from elections or cause people to question the election s integrity. I don t think we ll know anywhere near the full story until [Mueller] issues his report,  Casey said.  But once you get into the summer, and you get close to the election, I think it s a mistake for him to release it late. I think you should wait until after [the election]  Casey said. ",0
9051,MSNBC ANCHOR Flabbergasted at What Texas Teachers Do to Protect Their Students [Video],"If we protect every other government building or public venue with armed guards, why shouldn t our schools be protected with armed teachers? A Texas Sheriff shocked an MSNBC host when he discussed how he prepares local teachers to be armed in the classroom. common sense solution? You betcha!Sheriff Paul Cairney of Argyle, Texas, described the process by which staff members can carry firearms in the school district. The Sheriff said that the staff at the school who choose to carry a firearm go through an intense round of interviews and training before they are allowed to carry on campus. The MSNBC host was flabbergasted at the practice and asked the Sheriff about concerns for the safety of the students in the school when there are firearms around.Sheriff Cairney:  The time to do nothing is over THE PROCESS TO BECOME A SCHOOL MARSHALL:To become a school marshal, those employees must undergo extensive active shooter and firearms training with the state. They must also undergo a mental health evaluation. They receive a school marshal designation by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement and must renew their license every two years by undergoing the same training and evaluation. Outside of campuses in Keene and Argyle, signs warn visitors that there are staff members who are armed and are prepared to protect children.",0
9052,WATCH: SNOWFLAKES ASKED Communist Party Platform or Democratic Party Platform? [Video],"Ami Horowitz is fantastic! Check out this man on the street effort to see how much snowflakes know about what they profess to support. Have the Democrats gone so far to the left that they can t tell the difference between their party platform and that of the communists? It s an eyeopener!If you haven t seen Ami Horowitz before, he has a fantastic video about sharia law in America:Ami Horowitz hits the streets of Minnesota to find out if the Somali Muslims there understand that American law is the only law. They don t get it and say that they prefer Sharia law. Do you think that if we keep bringing over thousands and thousands of Muslims that they will want to keep our law? Think about it Dana Loesch speaks with the filmmaker Ami Horowitz: ",0
9053,JUST IN: BADASS GENERAL JOHN KELLY Shoved Chinese Security Official’s Hand Off US Military Aide Carrying Nuclear Football During Trump Meeting In Beijing,"Just one more reminder of why President Trump chose the no-nonsense General John Kelly to be his chief of staff On Thursday, Nov. 9, when President Trump and his team visited Beijing s Great Hall of the People, Chief of Staff John Kelly and a U.S. Secret Service agent skirmished with Chinese security officials over the nuclear football.I ve spoken to five sources familiar with the events. Here s what happened, as they describe it:The whole scuffle was over in a flash, and the U.S. officials told about the incident were asked to keep quiet about it. Trump s team followed the normal security procedure to brief the Chinese before their visit to Beijing, according to a person familiar with the trip  but somebody at the Chinese end either didn t get the memo or decided to mess with the Americans anyway.I m told that at no point did the Chinese have the nuclear football in their possession or even touch the briefcase. I m also told the head of the Chinese security detail apologized to the Americans afterward for the misunderstanding.   Axios",0
9054,DOJ’s JEFF SESSIONS Opens Investigation Into What The FBI Told The FISA Court About The “Fake” Dossier To Get Warrants,"Thank goodnesss Jeff Sessions is moving on finding out what went on behind the scenes to acquire FISA warrants. In other words, what was NOT said in order to get the judge to approve the FISA warrant to spy:We can start with why law enforcement officials who submitted the application failed to note that the Clinton campaign and DNC funded the dossier. The application does note that the dossier was put together by a  U.S. person  with political motivations, but Republicans have argued that the application should have been more specific.Via Daily Caller: Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Sunday that the Department of Justice is investigating whether the FBI submitted accurate information about the infamous Steele dossier in order to obtain a surveillance warrant against former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Are you, sir, investigating the fact that the FBI used the dossier to get a wiretap against Trump associates and they did not tell the FISA court that the Democrats and Hillary Clinton paid for the dossier?  Maria Bartiromo, the host of Fox News   Sunday Morning Futures,  asked Sessions. Let me tell you, every FISA warrant based on facts submitted to that court have to be accurate,  he replied.Keep reading ",0
9055,WATCH: ’’Carpetbagger” Mitt Romney Takes Swipe At Trump In First Ad For Senate In Utah,"The GOP presidential candidate who couldn t seem to find his spine when he had the perfect opportunity to stop Barack Obama from serving a second term, has suddenly discovered how to fight. The only problem is, the  Never-Trumper  has taken his fight to our President, who happens to very popular with Republicans. Does Mitt Romney believe he can win a US Senate seat in the conservative state of Utah by criticizing President Trump? Will Romney s gamble pay off, or will he find himself in the loser s column again in a state where 46% of the residents voted for Trump, while only 28% voted for Clinton.But Romney, not a lifelong resident is taking heat for carpet bagging:Romney has lived in Utah for approximately 5 five years after losing his 2012 presidential bid to Barack Obama. The former Massachusetts governor has been accused of carpetbagging by Republican officials in the state. I think he s keeping out candidates that I think would be a better fit for Utah because let s face it, Mitt Romney doesn t live here, his kids weren t born here, he doesn t shop here,  Utah GOP chairman Rob Anderson told the Salt Lake City Tribune.Watch Romney ad here:I am running for United States Senate to serve the people of Utah and bring Utah's values to Washington. pic.twitter.com/TDkas6gD2p  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 16, 2018",0
9056,GOTCHA! A Stammering John Podesta Stunned by a REAL Question from CBS Reporter,"John Podesta is Hillary Clinton s former campaign chairman so you know he s a dirty bird. That s why this is such a fun video to watch. Podesta had a brutal exchange on CBS s  Face the Nation  on Sunday when asked about the campaign s failure to focus on so-called  purple states  in 2016.Host Nancy Cordes noted that an indictment handed down by special counsel Robert Mueller on Friday showed that Russian operatives who meddled in the election appeared to realize the importance of focusing on those battleground contests. Then she goes in for the kill with this question: But it does beg the question, how is it that these Russian operatives knew to focus on purple states like Michigan and Wisconsin and your campaign didn t?  LOL! That s such a great snark-filled question!TRANSCRIPT OF FULL INTERVIEW:NANCY CORDES: Welcome back to  Face the Nation.  I m Nancy Cordes. Our next guest, John Podesta, was the chairman of Hillary Clinton s 2016 campaign. His private emails were hacked and released publicly by Russian-backed entities during the campaign. Mr. Podesta, thank you so much for being with us.JOHN PODESTA: Nice to be back, Nancy.NANCY CORDES: For anyone who voted for Hillary Clinton, these new indictments mean what?JOHN PODESTA: Well, look, it s a tragedy for the American people, really. As Mr. Mueller said in his indictment, this was an act of information warfare against the United States, against our democracy. So I think it s, obviously, disappointing to those of us who were on the receiving end of these Russian active measures, but I think the real victims here are the American people because there, there was direct interference with our democratic institutions.NANCY CORDES: The deputy attorney general was very careful on Friday to say that we don t know whether or not this operation swayed the election. You ve had a lot time think about this, where do you come down on that issue?JOHN PODESTA: Well, look, this was one part of a, of a complex, active interference in the measures. This didn t even deal with the hacking, this was only about what was going on in the social media and the, and the information campaign that was being done there, but there were 80 people, millions of dollars spent. And as one of your previous guests, Senator Coons noted, we won the popular vote by three million votes. They were pushing votes, just to give one example, to Jill Stein. Her vote in Michigan, in Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin was greater than the gap between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in those states. So you can t prove that it did affect the outcome, but it certainly seems likely that it had some impact.NANCY CORDES: But it does beg the question, how is it that these Russian operatives knew to focus on purple states like Michigan and Wisconsin, and your campaign didn t?JOHN PODESTA: Well, of course, we spent a lot of time, energy, and effort in all those states.NANCY CORDES: Hillary Clinton, herself, did not spend much time in those states.JOHN PODESTA: We, you know, we had   Tim Kaine was there, Barack Obama was in   and she spent enormous time in Pennsylvania and Michigan.NANCY CORDES: Sure.JOHN PODESTA: And we spent a lot of effort. We had more staff in Wisconsin than even President Obama had in 2012. But, but I think that begs the question, I think we, we focused on the places we thought were that were you know in contest, and at the end of the day, we fell short in those states. And I think that this active measures effort by the Russians could have tilted the election in, in Donald Trump s favor. But I think what the real issue is, is how he s reacted to that. And in that context, if we re   if this is information warfare, then I think he s the first draft-dodger in the war. I mean, he has done nothing but tried to undermine the Mueller investigation, he hasn t implemented the sanctions that he   was passed by the congress and that he signed in reaction to the, to the activities in the 2016 election. We learned this week, he s ordered no effort to try to get the intelligence community to get together to try to prevent further activities in the 2018 election.NANCY CORDES: Why do you think that is? Do you think it s because to do so would be to admit that somehow the Russians might have influenced this election?JOHN PODESTA: Well, you know, I think that Mr. Trump s psyche is complicated and people have said a lot, a lot about it, but he certainly can t accept that this activity may have helped him, and I think he just constantly tries to move the ball away, including what was, I think, really a despicable tweet about the fact that he s blaming the FBI for investigating the Russia investigation and somehow relating that to the tragic killings in Florida. But you know who knows with Mr. Trump? But he clearly, I think, has failed in carrying out his duty as president of the United States, which is to protect our democracy.NANCY CORDES: Midterm elections are coming up, and it s been reported that Democrats are telling your former boss, Bill Clinton, that in light of the Me Too movement, they, they think he should sit it out, he should be benched, and they re not looking for him to actively campaign for them. Is that true? And do you think that that s the right call?JOHN PODESTA: Look, I think he remains, I think, a figure who is popular with a lot of Democrats across the country. And I think that people are calling him, candidates are calling him and asking for advice. But whether he s going to be an active participant, I think that s not you know really on the top of his mind right now. I think he s doing other things, and, and people make their own judgments about whether he can be helpful in the campaign.NANCY CORDES: Do you think it s a good idea, very quickly, for him to sit it out?JOHN PODESTA: Well, you know, look, I think that, that if I was advising a campaign and a candidate about what to do, I would, I would sort of judge whether he can be helpful. And I think some places he can be, and probably some places he s more of a lightning rod.NANCY CORDES: All right, John Podesta, thank you so much. Campaign chairman for Hillary Clinton. And we ll be right back with our panel of Republicans who are leaving the House and Senate.",0
9057,HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Makes “Shooting At Trump” Option For Answer On Multiple Choice Test,"EAG News  A Wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at Trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.An unidentified English teacher at Jackson Hole High School gave students a multiple choice quiz on Thursday about George Orwell s novel  Animal Farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias,  the Jackson Hole News and Guide reports. Napoleon has a gun fired for a new occasion. What is the new occasion?  the quiz read.Possible answers included  He was shooting at Trump,   His birthday,   For completion of the windmill,  or  To scare off the attackers of Animal Farm. Jim McCollum told the news site he did a double-take when his son showed him a screenshot he took of the test. I had to read it two times,  McCollum said.  I was like,  Are you kidding me? McCollum, a Jackson Hole High School graduate and Trump supporter, shared the quiz on Facebook, where it was shared widely and generated a lot of angry comments. It was so inappropriate to show a name of a sitting president in that question,  he said.  To me, that is so wrong in light of the situation in our country and the divisiveness and all. He told the news site the incident is one of other examples of  liberal bias  in other classes at the school that make conservative students like son out to be  the outcast. He told me,  Dad, they crapped on everything I believe in,  McCollum said of his son.  Rylee is very patriotic, very supportive of our military and of our country  and is considering enlisting in the U.S. Marines.School officials eventually issued a statement about the quiz on Monday. (District) administration learned late yesterday that a quiz was administered to a class of high school students that contained an inappropriate answer to a multiple choice question. Administration is investigating this incident and verifying the information we have received,  the statement read. (The District) takes seriously threats of any kind, regardless of the intent. We apologize to the students, families, and community for this incident and will be addressing the issue with personnel. It s unclear what, if any, discipline the teacher may face.The incident occurred in the Teton County School District #1.According to The Washington Post:Last year, deeply conservative Wyoming voted for Trump by the widest majority of any state, 70 percent. In Teton County, Hillary Clinton got 60 percent, the only Wyoming county the Democrat won.Teton County is a wealthy ski and summer recreation destination. Residents include former Vice President Dick Cheney and his daughter, Republican U.S. Rep. Liz Cheney.In 2015, school administrators canceled an  America Day  tradition for homecoming in which students donned red, white and blue and rode around on a diesel truck to show their patriotism and love of country. Activities director Mike Hansen put the kibosh on the event because he alleged some students might get offended.The school s juniors and seniors didn t buy it, however, and many showed up to school decked out in stars and stripes, then paraded the diesel truck around the school parking lot at the end of the day, waving American flags. It s homecoming week and our school administration thought it was too  offensive  to have an America Pride Day! So this is my kids answer to that!  local parent Ted Dawson posted to Facebook with pictures of his kids in patriotic get-ups.  Where have we gone wrong! I don t care what race or religion you are, you live here, benefit from the schools, enjoy tax benefits or whatever   you re an American or at least you better be! ",0
9058,IT BEGINS…RINO MEGA-DONOR Threatens Jeb Bush: No More Money To GOP Until Assault Weapons Are Banned,"A longtime Republican Party donor based in Florida vowed not to contribute any more money to candidates or electioneering groups until they pass legislation banning the sale of assault weapons to civilians.Al Hoffman Jr., a real estate developer and former ambassador to Portugal, has donated millions to Republicans over the years. On Saturday he sent an email to a half-dozen Republican donors, encouraging them to boycott candidates who oppose new gun legislation, the New York Times reported.  FOX The New York Times reports that Hoffman made this announcement via an email that he sent to Jeb Bush and Gov. Rick Scott (R), among others. Hoffman was a major contributor to the George W. Bush presidential campaign. He also donated more than $1 million to a PAC supporting Jeb Bush s failed presidential campaign bid.Hoffman wrote,  For how many years now have we been doing this   having these experiences of terrorism, mass killings   and how many years has it been that nothing s been done? It s the end of the road for me.  He added,  I will not write another check unless they all support a ban on assault weapons. Enough is enough! Predictably, the leftist media has now embraced the mega-Republican Party donor. CNN s Ana Navaro tweeted her praise for Hoffman s ultimatum. Navarro went as far as to call  Republica  Hoffman a  friend :  Very proud of my friend, Al Hoffman, for taking a stand. He s a West Point grad. He s a veteran. Has served in many capacities. He is a Republica. A father. A husband. A patriot: Prominent Republican Donor Issues Ultimatum on Assault Weapons   via @nytimesVery proud of my friend, Al Hoffman, for taking a stand. He s a West Point grad. He s a veteran. Has served in many capacities. He is a Republica. A father. A husband. A patriot: Prominent Republican Donor Issues Ultimatum on Assault Weapons, via @nytimes https://t.co/flyZQ1vR7p  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) February 18, 2018Hoffman did not define an  assault weapon,  did not say whether it is a set type of firearm or just any rifle that has the cosmetic features banned by Democrats from 1994-2004. It must be noted that the Democrat ban did not ban the rifles, only the cosmetic features. Is that what Hoffman has in mind?   Breitbart ",0
9059,BUSTED! Maxine Waters’ Ties to Black Nationalist Hate Group Further Exposed [Video],"We reported that Maxine Waters and members of the CBC met with Louis Farrakhan but we now know that she also was a guest at Farrakhan s Nation of Islam convention! Louis Farrakhan and his Nation of Islam are as un-American and hateful as you can get. They are anti-semites and believe that whites are inherently inferior. Farrakhan often preaches hate for the West and for whites and Jews.NOTICE HOW MAXINE WATERS IN THE RED IS GREETED BY FARRAKHAN AT THE 3:40 MARK:Daily Caller reports:Democratic California Rep. Maxine Waters attended a Nation of Islam convention where the hate group s leader, Louis Farrakhan, defended Palestinian suicide bombers.The convention, which took place in California in 2002, is just the latest tie to emerge between Democrats and the Nation of Islam, a black nationalist group known for being viciously anti-Semitic. We have Maxine Waters here,  Farrakhan told the convention audience, gesturing to the seats behind him,  our great congresswoman from this area.  The audience cheered Waters  name.Later in his speech, Farrakhan excused Palestinian suicide bombers and defended Iran for arming Palestinian terrorists.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE CBC MEMBERS WHO MET WITH FARRAKHAN:WATCH members of the Black Caucus, who were all caught on video embracing one of the most openly hateful racists of our time, Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam in a newly released video.The new images and videos show Congressional Democrats, some of whom are still serving, warmly embracing Farrakhan in 2006 at a church in New Orleans. The footage was brought to light by columnist Jeryl Bier. Bier has been tweeting the following images and video of the encounterAmericans were shocked when an Obama image recently emerged that was kept a secret by the photographer who took it because he believed it would hurt the future president s  political career. Here is that image that was hidden from the public:Wall Street Journal journalist Jeryl Bier was the first to break this story:2006, in a side room off a church foyer in New Orleans:@LouisFarrakhan:  Tell me how I can be of service. @RepMaxineWaters:  I think we need to get together and talk about how we re going to put New Orleans on the national agenda. https://t.co/Z3w9cpLTnf pic.twitter.com/YPXf0NMaPS  Jeryl Bier (@JerylBier) January 30, 2018The woman who screams  Impeach Trump  almost every time she opens her mouth, and had made several attempts at trying to label President Trump as a  racist  with absolutely no evidence, Democrat Black Caucus member, Maxine Waters is seen hugging one of the most notorious racists in America, Louis Farrakhan:Here are a few more Democrat Black Caucus members seen hugging race baiter and hate mongerer Louis Farrakhan.Democrat Rep. William JeffersonDemocrat Rep. Barbara LeeDemocrat Rep. Al Green",0
9060,LOCAL REPORTER IN DEEP BLUE STATE Stuns Liberals When He Goes Rogue…Tells Truth About Guns [VIDEO]," We took a very hard look at these numbers, and we did find that Minnesota has a very high rate of gun ownership   one of the highest in the country   but it has a relatively low rate of violent crime,  revealed Minneapolis station WCCO reporter Pat Kessler in a segment Thursday.He added that in 2017, Minnesota  set a new record for firearms background checks,  processing 473,975 checks on permits, 94,383 checks on handguns and 125,516 checks on long guns.Watch:In other words, more people attempted to purchase weapons in the state last year than ever before. Minnesota set another 2017 record, too,  his report continued.  The State Department of Public Safety reports 283,188 Minnesotans now have permits to legally carry firearms in public.    Conservative Tribune",0
9061,FACEBOOK RELEASES Ads Paid For By Russians…And They’re Not What Anyone Expected,"There s been a lot of talk about the ads Russians paid for on Facebook that affected the outcome of our 2016 presidential election. Here are the majority of the ads Facebook released to Congress, that were promoted on their social media site by Russians. We ve left out a few of the anti-Muslim ads and a few of the anti-gun ads, but the political ads are included below.From organizing hate rallies against President Trump to supporting Black Lives Matter  no one expected the Facebook ads paid for by Russians  to look like these:Here s a fake Facebook page called  Black Matters  that was being advertised by Russian operatives:And another ad on Facebook from the Black Panthers, that was paid for by Russians:This ad for a fake organization called  Don t shoot  utilized a common protest call and hashtag in the Black Lives Matter movement. Having a variety of popular pages like this makes for a guaranteed audience.This ad paid for by the Russians was clearly an attempt to stir division between Americans on the topic of Black Lives Matter versus our law enforcement officers:Over 130,000 people liked this ad highlighting the divisive issue of immigration in America:The Russians tried to stir up hate for Muslims with ads promoting the unity of Muslims in America:It s not clear if this ad was supposed to cause Muslims to vote for Hillary or anti-Muslim Americans to vote against her:Here s one more anti-Muslim posts like the one below where 14K people agreed that the Muslim veil should be banned in America.Last, but not least, here s the only blatantly pro-Trump ad we could find. This ad is promoting a few of his rallies:Here s the only blatantly anti-Hillary ad we could find:It appears that the Russians also had a soft spot for the communist clown Democrat candidate Bernie Sanders:Images via: Tech Crunch ",0
9062,FACEBOOK’S VP Of Ads BLASTS MEDIA: Majority Of Russian Ad Spend Happened AFTER Election…Media Knows Truth But Won’t Report It “Because It Doesn’t Align With Narrative of Trump And The Election”,"Facebook s VP of Advertising took to Twitter to set the record straight about ads that were run on Facebook and were paid for by Russians.  Rob Goldman tweeted about how the media has been trying to promote a false narrative about how the Russians interfered in the 2016 presidential election, when in fact, that s not at all what happened.Goldman tweeted about special counsel Robert Mueller s indictment of 13 Russian nationals and 3 Russian entities for alleged interference in our 2016 presidential election.The indictment says that a Russian organization called the Internet Research Agency sought to wage  information warfare  against the United States and to  sow discord  in the American political system by using fictitious American personas and social media platforms and other Internet-based media.Internet Research Agency, a so-called  troll farm  based in St. Petersburg, Russia,  was allegedly controlled by a defendant in the indictment named Yevgeny Progozhin, who is a wealthy associate of Russian President Vladimir Putin.  CNBCVery excited to see the Mueller indictment today. We shared Russian ads with Congress, Mueller and the American people to help the public understand how the Russians abused our system. Still, there are keys facts about the Russian actions that are still not well understood.  Rob Goldman (@robjective) February 17, 2018The majority of the Russian ad spend happened AFTER the election. We shared that fact, but very few outlets have covered it because it doesn t align with the main media narrative of Tump and the election. https://t.co/2dL8Kh0hof  Rob Goldman (@robjective) February 17, 2018Facebook s VP of ads then tweeted about how the majority of the ad spend took place AFTER the election. He then landed a verbal molotov cocktail at our dishonest press, as he pointed out that Facebook shared that fact, but the mainstream media didn t cover it because it doesn t align with their narrative of Trump and the election.Goldman went on to explain that the main goal of the Russian propaganda campaign is to divide Americans by using free speech against us on social media. Goldman claims they are stoking  fear and hatred amongst Americans. The main goal of the Russian propaganda and misinformation effort is to divide America by using our institutions, like free speech and social media, against us. It has stoked fear and hatred amongst Americans. It is working incredibly well. We are quite divided as a nation.  Rob Goldman (@robjective) February 17, 2018President Trump retweeted Goldman s tweet:The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman! https://t.co/XGC7ynZwYJ  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2018Here s a screenshot of Trump s tweet:Finally, Goldman tweeted a real and scary example of how the Russians are using fake propaganda on social media to intentionally divide United States citizens:The single best demonstration of Russia's true motives is the Houston anti-islamic protest. Americans were literally puppeted into the streets by trolls who organized both the sides of protest. https://t.co/9w1EAl28CH  Rob Goldman (@robjective) February 17, 2018The only thing Goldman got wrong, is the reason our nation is so deeply divided. It actually has little to do with Russian bots or social media operatives. Our nation is divided because we had a president that for 8 years worked behind the scenes, meeting with radical hate groups like BLM and underground Democratic Party groups like the one headed up by felon Rob Creamer whose purpose was to disrupt and create violence and chaos at Trump rallies across America.Goldman also tweeted a very recent example of how Russian operatives are attempting to divide Americans on a very heated issue, gun control.Russia-linked bots are promoting pro-gun messages on Twitter in an attempt to sow discord in the aftermath of the Florida school shooting, monitoring groups say https://t.co/67K6UIZzcJ pic.twitter.com/uDqCWQp4lo  CNN (@CNN) February 17, 2018According to CNBC, the indictment said the Internet Research Agency was registered with the Russian government as a corporate entity in 2013, and by May 2014 the group s strategy included interfering with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, with the stated goal of  spread[ing] distrust towards the candidates and the political system in general,  the indictment said.The indictment details an extremely sophisticated conspiracy in which defendants traveled to the United States to conduct research, employed specialists to fine-tune social media posts to  ensure they appeared authentic,  and stole real people s identities to purchase online ads.",0
9063,MEGHAN MCCAIN Cut-Off After Saying the Florida Shooter was “Flagged by the FBI” [Video],"It clear that common sense isn t what these hens want to hear. Common sense would tell anyone that the FBI dropped the ball with the Florida shooter. watch as Meghan McCain is shut down after making the best argument for how the Florida shooting could have been avoided:Meghan McCain got cut off on  The View  Friday after telling her co-hosts that the Florida school shooter was  flagged by the FBI  and nothing happened.The comment came during a discussion about gun control following the deadly shooting Wednesday in Parkland, Florida, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School after a 19-year-old man opened fire at school killing 17 people, including teachers and students before being taken into custody.Daily caller reports: The argument from NRA members and Second Amendment supporters is much like abortion. Not a lot of trust on both sides for compromise,  McCain explained.  I m like okay, we can talk about assault weapons. That being said, I know people who own them who obviously aren t mass murderers. They re hunters and use they them for target practice and hunting. And it s like if you give a mouse a cookie then we are going to go to..it s a slippery slope going forward. Much like abortion, It s so emotional on both sides, I think it s hard for people on both sides to have faith that we can meet in the middle. With all due respect you didn t grow up in gun country,  McCain explained.A short time later, McCain said no one is in support of people with mental illness having guns and that this shooter was flagged by the FBI and  still nothing happened. ",0
9064,BROTHER OF HERO COACH Breaks Down Over Tribute to His “Little Brother” [Video],"The hero football coach who threw himself between students and the Florida school shooter was little brother to Michael Connell Jr.Coach Aaron Feis and his brother Michael graduated years before from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Aaron came back and was employed as a football coach and security guard. Michael spoke to the Kansas City Star about how brave his brother was and how he was  a man of character :Source: Brother of coach who died in FL shooting speaks by KSHBConnell broke down when he was shown the cartoon below:The picture depicts Aaron being greeted by the children and other victims of past school shootings.This is a heartbreaking cartoon about gun violence and Aaron Feis, the football coach who died shielding students from the bullets at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School via Pia Guerra pic.twitter.com/jhJ9dnvfBG  Nicholas Nehamas (@NickNehamas) February 16, 2018Connell said he will miss his little brother, who is a husband and father, and is proud of him for the actions he took.PLEASE DONATE TO THE GOFUNDME PAGE:https://t.co/kAFtVcHgPn  Sean Chase (@sean_chase) February 17, 2018 He was a man of character,  Connell told the Kansas City Star Friday.  He was a good man. The shooting happened and he went toward it. He ran toward it, saving a bunch of kids. He went toward the guy that was shooting. I m not surprised at all. I wish he hadn t, but at the same time I think more people would be dead. ",0
9065,"“THE TRUMP CURSE IS REAL”…Social Media Responds To Lindsey Vonn’s Olympic Loss, After Saying She’d Boycott White House If She Won Medal","Two months before the Winter Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, Olympic gold medal skier Lindsey Vonn claimed she would be representing the United States, but not President Trump, when she returned to the Winter Games.Vonn, who won a gold medal in the women s downhill competition in 2010 in Vancouver, skipped the 2014 Sochi games because of knee injuries. I hope to represent the people of the United States, not the president,  Vonn said this week amid the buildup to the 2018 games in PyeongChang, South Korea.  FOX NewsVonn s ridiculous and unnecessary comments threw her into the middle of a nasty controversy on social media. Unfortunately, with one hateful statement, Vonn managed to alienate a large number of fans who were rooting for her to bring home the gold for the United States. If she didn t already know, someone should have told Vonn that U.S. Olympic athletes are supposed to be representing the United States of America, and not the President of the United States. Only three days after Vonn s statement about boycotting President Trump s invitation to the White House, she suffered a back injury that caused her to lose the World Cup race, as she placed 24th in the competition.Yesterday, Vonn, 33, lost her first Olympic race in eight years after a late mistake that cost her a medal. Americans responded to her loss on social media, reminding her of her desire to make her race about her hate for Donald Trump instead of about representing America.Here s how Vonna responded to her loss on Twitter:Frustrating to be so close to the podium and to have made such a big mistake but that s ski racing. I m proud of the way I skied and how I attacked the course. I gave it my all and came up short. That s life. Now it s on to the Downhill!   lindsey vonn (@lindseyvonn) February 17, 2018USA OVER PARTY included a video of Vonn losing the race, reminding her that the Trump curse is real:  Yes the Trump Curse is real A perfect run and DOHHHH Hahahahaha #Olympics #LindseyVonn #MAGA #ChokeYes the Trump Curse is realA perfect run and DOHHHHHahahahaha#Olympics #LindseyVonn #MAGA #Choke pic.twitter.com/vsUxqhVr9r    USA OVER PARTY (@michaelbeatty3) February 17, 2018 Bella Donna  responded to Vonn s loss:  Guess  Lindsey Vonn  won t have worry about declining that Trump invitation to the WH after all! Guess ""Lindsey Vonn"" won't have worry about declining that Trump invitation to the WH after all! pic.twitter.com/X3TmqZEbCF  Bella Donna   (@DonnaMLanglais) February 17, 2018 Darrell Standing  posted a reminder for Vonn that anyone who spews unwarranted hate for President Trump on social media, doesn t typically fare too well:#TrumpBrokeMe #TrumpCurse pic.twitter.com/HXAY6uVfyt  Darrell Standing (@StandingDarrell) February 17, 2018And then came the memes BREAKING #LindseyVonn CHANGES HER MINDShe now WANTS TO VISIT THE @WhiteHouse  #MAGA #Olympics #PyeongChang2018 pic.twitter.com/1Qf12DJVvx    USA OVER PARTY (@michaelbeatty3) February 17, 2018ESPN writer Julie Foudy came to the defense of Lindsey Vonn, tweeting:  I just spent last 20 min s reading thru tweets directed at @lindseyvonn. Sickened & disgusted once again by the lack of humanity that engulfs our country. She just raced her damn heart out & Trump supporters gloat/cheer/celebrate her inability to medal. Is this what we ve become? I just spent last 20 min's reading thru tweets directed at @lindseyvonn. Sickened & disgusted once again by the lack of humanity that engulfs our country. She just raced her damn heart out & Trump supporters gloat/cheer/celebrate her inability to medal. Is this what we've become?  Julie Foudy (@JulieFoudy) February 17, 2018Foudy admonished another Twitter user who explained her disappointment in Vonn for making her race about politics: So if an athlete has different political views than you, you are happy they don t medal. This is what I was reading too much of on twitter. This what we ve become. God help us all. I feel like she is there to represent USA she started it and should have kept politics out of it. She's there to represent ALL Americans, and if I'm not one of them that she can't understand I have different views with I'm super happy she doesn't come home with medal.  Michelle Rachford (@Mikki_Michelle_) February 17, 2018Lindsey Vonn responded to Foudy, who again defended Vonn. The only problem is, Vonn forgets that she is the person who started the controversy. She decided to make the race about politics, not President Trump and certainly not his supporters:Vonn tweeted:  It s ok Julie. Not everyone has to like me but my family loves me and I sleep well at night. I work hard and try to be the best person I can be. If they don t like me their loss I guess  Thank you for the support It s ok Julie. Not everyone has to like me but my family loves me and I sleep well at night. I work hard and try to be the best person I can be. If they don t like me   their loss I guess  Thank you for the support  https://t.co/EaySJE7QAe  lindsey vonn (@lindseyvonn) February 17, 2018Foudy responded, still refusing to acknowledge that Vonn was responsible for the firestorm she chose to startI hear you. But the vitriol in our country is everyone's loss. Cheering for an Olympian to fail sent me over the edge. Go kill it on Wednesday sister. https://t.co/SnsDORwdb2  Julie Foudy (@JulieFoudy) February 17, 2018",0
9066,"How The Left, The Anti Defamation League and Media Used Fake Information To Publish HUGE LIE About High School Killer’s Ties To “White Nationalist”","Immediately after the police identified the suspect in the Florida high school massacre, as 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, the media began to scour social media, desperate to find any ties Cruz may have had to the  Right . In the media s narrow minds, you can t be a gun owner and not be tied to the Republican Party. The Republican Party and the NRA must be held accountable, and they must be held accountable at all costs, even at the cost of being accurate or truthful. When the media couldn t find any facts to report, they immediately began to scour social media for hints.  What they got was a bunch of social media trolls who thought it would be funny to lead the mainstream media on with lies about the shooter. The mainstream media and the Anti Defamation League (who ironically, claims to defend people who are victims of discrimination, yet works overtime to demonize anyone whose views are to the right of theirs), had to settle for fake ties to the massacre suspect and  white supremacist  group in Tallahassee, Florida.Unfortunately, both the media and the Anti Defamation League s stories quickly fell apart when they were outed for not having done their homework to properly vet the comments made on an open chat, social media platform called 4Chan.On Thursday afternoon, the Anti-Defamation League reported that a white supremacist group claimed ties with Nikolas Cruz, who confessed to the shooting spree that killed at least 17 people, including many high-school students, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.From the Anti Defamation League s website:A spokesperson for the white supremacist group Republic of Florida (ROF) claimed to the Anti-Defamation League on Thursday, February 15, that Nikolas Cruz, the man charged with the previous day s deadly shooting spree at a Parkland, Florida, high school, was associated with his group.UPDATE: On Thursday afternoon, following news reports of the alleged association between Cruz and the Republic of Florida, a member of an alt right discussion forum wrote that all of the claims were false and were part of an elaborate attempt to troll a network news reporter and other media outlets. At a press conference Thursday afternoon, the Broward County sheriff said a connection was  not confirmed at this time,  but that law enforcement was still investigating.Cruz, 19, a former student at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, allegedly entered the school Wednesday, February 14 with an AR-15 and opened fire, killing at least 17 people and injuring 14 more. Cruz left the scene but was later captured by police and has been charged with premeditated murder.After self-described ROF members claimed on the discussion forum 4chan that Cruz had also been a member, the Anti-Defamation League spoke with an ROF member who identified himself as Jordan Jereb.Jereb, based in Tallahassee, is believed to be the leader of ROF.  In 2016, he was arrested on charges of threatening a staffer in the office of Florida Governor Rick Scott because he was allegedly angry at the staffer s son.Jereb said that Cruz was associated with ROF, having been  brought up  by another member.  Jereb also claimed that Cruz had participated in one or more ROF training exercises in the Tallahassee area, carpooling with other ROF members from south Florida.ROF has members in north and south Florida. The alt right white supremacist group borrows paramilitary concepts from the anti-government extremist militia movement (not itself a white supremacist movement).  ROF describes itself as a  white civil rights organization fighting for white identitarian politics  and seeks to create a  white ethnostate  in Florida.  Most ROF members are young and the group itself is only a few years old.Jereb added that ROF had not ordered or wanted Cruz to do anything like the school shooting.If Cruz s role is confirmed, the Parkland school shooting would be the second school shooting by a white supremacist in the past two months. In December 2017, another young white supremacist, William Atchison, engaged in a shooting spree at a high school in northwest New Mexico, killing two students before shooting himself.What we know about ROF (the Republic of Florida): A spokesperson for the white supremacist group Republic of Florida (ROF) told the Anti-Defamation League on Thursday, February 15, that Nikolas Cruz [ .] was associated with his group,  the ADL reported. The ADL quoted a man named Jordan Jereb, who runs the small group, which is based in Tallahassee. Jereb added that ROF had not ordered or wanted Cruz to do anything like the school shooting,  the ADL wrote in a blog post that was quickly picked up by ABC News and The Associated Press, and later percolated through dozens of other media outlets. Even The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website, picked up the claim.Some outlets reported they had their own conversations with Jereb or classmates of Cruz who allegedly corroborated the association of Cruz with ROF.But a few hours later, after law enforcement agencies said they had no evidence linking Cruz to ROF, Jereb said his identification of Cruz was a  misunderstanding  and that he, too, had been the subject of a  prank.  On online forums and Twitter, trolls and white nationalists gloated at the disinformation they had sowed. Politico reports-  All of our evidence seems to point to the ADL getting this wrong,  said Joan Donovan, a researcher who tracks online misinformation campaigns for Data & Society, a think tank in New York City.The ADL subsequently revised its report, as did many news outlets. ADL shared information from our experts on extremism and claims from white supremacist that we believed could be helpful to both law enforcement and the public due to the fluid and evolving nature of the events,  an ADL spokesperson said in a statement on Friday.  Confirmation of whether Cruz was part of ROF is now in the hands of law enforcement, and that s what the Broward sheriff s team is looking into. The ADL traced its original tip to posts on 4chan, where researchers found  self-described ROF members  claiming that Cruz was a brother-in-arms. But many of those posts seem to have been written specifically to deceive reporters and researchers.On Wednesday, an anonymous 4chan user posted about receiving a message on Instagram from an ABC News reporter after making a joke suggesting he knew Cruz. Prime trolling opportunity,  another user replied. You have to take advantage of this,  a third chimed in.He asked for proof of the reporter s identity, according to posted screenshots from their correspondence. The reporter provided an official email address and sent a photo of an ABC identification badge.Some on the 4chan thread joked about sending back obscene photos, but others gave concrete tips for tricking the reporter:  Keep talking to her so she gains your trust ;  Keep this going be realistic   say you have known him for years you met him on a Liberal Facebook page years ago and you have kept in touch ;  Say you are scared to tell her in case you get blamed, it will get her excited you know something big. This particular 4chan user seems to have sent the reporter a racist cartoon and was quickly blocked. Many on the forum ripped into him for missing a  a golden opportunity. ",0
9067,LOOK WHO Approved Visas For Russian Operatives To Enter US And Interfere In Election,"According to Fox News  A federal grand jury on Friday indicted 13 Russians and three Russian companies for allegedly interfering in the 2016 presidential election, in a case brought by Special Counsel Robert Mueller that detailed a sophisticated plot to wage  information warfare  against the U.S.The Russian nationals are accused of setting a  strategic goal to sow discord in the U.S. political system, including the 2016 presidential election. The indictment   the first filed against Russian nationals as part of Mueller s probe   effectively returns focus to the meddling activities out of Russia in the run-up to the 2016 election, following a string of charges relating to the actions of Trump associates.Further, the DOJ made clear that the indictment does not allege that any of the interference changed the outcome of the presidential race. There is no allegation in this indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election,  Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees the special counsel probe, said at a Friday press conference.President Trump reacted to the indictments by seizing on Rosenstein s comment that the election results were not impacted by the Russians  activity. Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President,  Trump tweeted.  The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong   no collusion! Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong   no collusion!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2018The 37-page indictment, signed by Mueller, said the actions detailed by prosecutors date back to 2014.Actual investigative journalist, Nick Short pointed out that John Kerry was the Secretary of State who approved travel visas that allowed Russians, whose intent it was to interfere in our elections, to enter into the United States: From #Mueller indictment, 2 of the Russians were able to enter U.S. on travel visas which they received after applying for them through the State Dept in 2014. From June 4, 2014   June 26, 2014 they traveled around the US. Who was head of the FBI & State Dept at this time again? Here is Nick Short s tweet highlighting the evidence:From #Mueller indictment, 2 of the Russians were able to enter U.S. on travel visas which they received after applying for them through the State Dept in 2014. From June 4, 2014   June 26, 2014 they traveled around the US. Who was head of the FBI & State Dept at this time again? pic.twitter.com/JseweK5KTn  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) February 16, 2018ht/ GP",0
9068,JUST IN: PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FIRST LADY Make Surprise Trip to Visit School Shooting Victims [Video]," President Trump visits Florida hospital, praises first responders following school shooting:  It s very sad something like that could happen, but the job the doctors did, the nurses, the hospital, the first responders, law enforcement   really incredible. A White House statement said that the Trumps were visiting  to pay their respects and thank the medical professionals for their life-saving assistance  in response to shooting.NEW: ""The job they ve done is incredible,"" Pres. Trump says of doctors, first responders as he and first lady Melania Trump meet Parkland shooting victims at Broward Health North Hospital https://t.co/n6Ltn0H0nn pic.twitter.com/gKN8aHbRz4  CBS News (@CBSNews) February 17, 2018POTUS AND FLOTUS THEN MET WITH FLORIDA LAW ENFORCEMENT:After President Trump and First Lady Melania visited with victims, families and the incredible medical teams at Broward Health North   they headed to thank the amazing law enforcement officers at the @BrowardSheriff s Department, where a roundtable is now underway. pic.twitter.com/JNYrVovGl6  Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) February 17, 2018THE PRESIDENT BRIEFLY SPOKE WITH REPORTERS AFTER THE MEETING WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT:Moments ago, @POTUS and @FLOTUS met with Florida law enforcement officials at the @browardsheriff's Office. pic.twitter.com/jbMU6aIkUA  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 17, 2018At Broward Health North Hospital, Pres and Mrs Trump visited with school shooting patients and medical personnel. Pres said students making  incredible recovery.  And says doctors and first responders had done an incredible job.At Broward Health North Hospital, Pres and Mrs Trump visited with school shooting patients and medical personnel. Pres said students making ""incredible recovery."" And says doctors and first responders had done an incredible job. pic.twitter.com/iLomsQXknf  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) February 17, 2018The president briefly spoke with reporters:""It's very sad something like that could happen,"" Pres Trump said of the Parkland school shooting after visiting wounded students in the hospital. Hails work of medical staff and first responders. Declines to respond to question about gun control. pic.twitter.com/hlvMPwhK1M  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) February 17, 2018PRESIDENT TRUMP POSTED PHOTOS FROM HIS VISIT:Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders & medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! https://t.co/3yJsrebZMG pic.twitter.com/ti791dENTy  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2018",0
9069,BREAKING: FL GOV RICK SCOTT Calls for FBI Director to Resign,"While the left points the finger at guns, guns, guns, the real blame is being put on the FBI inability to investigate two attempts to alert them to the Florida school shooter, Yes, they dropped the ball twice on this! The first were alerted to Nikolas Cruz last January from a YouTube user who reported him. They got a second tip in September from someone concerned with Cruz and his use of a gun.FACT: Broward County Sheriff s deputies were called to the family home of shooter Nikolas Cruz 39 times since 2010 Shouldn t there be better coordination between the FBI and local police departments?Florida Governor Rick Scott just called for the resignation of the FBI Director. Is the FBI too busy politicizing a presidential election to see about important tips like this? Notice how they came out this afternoon with indictments on 13 Russian nationals in regards to supposed interference in the 2016 election. Distraction?RICHT BACK ATCHA FBI!BREAKING: Florida Gov. Rick Scott calls for FBI director to resign in wake of Florida school shooting: ""The FBI s failure to take action against this killer is unacceptable The FBI Director needs to resign.  https://t.co/5DYo8MbWOK pic.twitter.com/wxausCMb41  ABC News (@ABC) February 16, 2018",0
9070,"HEY, BERNIE SANDERS: 18 SCHOOL SHOOTINGS Have NOT Happened This Year!","The left has locked onto a stat that 18 school shootings have happened this year. This is FAKE NEWS that needs to be shut down. Bernie Sanders and others referred to this statistic right after the Parkland mass shooting.Anti-gun groups included in the statistics a suicide at a school in Michigan that had been closed. This fake statistic trivializes the horrific crime that happened at Parkland or any other TRUE school shooting. EVERYTOWN FOR GUN SAFETY  TRIES TO HIJACK THE NARRATIVE:Everytown for Gun Safety, the Michael Bloomberg backed anti-gun group founded after the 2012 school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, was the original source for that particular statistic. The group s initial tweet claiming that the attack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School was the 18th school shooting in 2018 has now been retweeted more than 1,200 times:Our hearts are with all those impacted by the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida today.This is the 18th school shooting in the U.S. in 2018. https://t.co/YdPLz4zuOS  Everytown (@Everytown) February 14, 2018The group defines a school shooting is  any time a firearm discharges a live round inside a school building or on a school campus or grounds. ACCIDENTAL GUN DISCHARGES AND SUICIDES AREN T  SCHOOL SHOOTINGS It turns out that  Everytown s database turns up ridiculous examples that ARE NOT school shootings:On January 10,  gunshots, which most likely originated off-campus, hit a window of the visual arts building at California State University, San Bernardino. Classes were immediately canceled as the university went into lockdown, though a police search failed to turn up any shooter on campus.  On February 5, in a suburb of Minneapolis,  a school liaison officer was sitting on a bench talking with some students when a third-grader pressed the trigger on the officer s holstered weapon, causing it to fire and strike the floor.  Those were no doubt terrifying incidents for the people involved, and they may even have policy implications, but they are not what anyone thinks of when they hear the phrase  school shootings. But the media and several prominent politicians, such as Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), eagerly regurgitated the context-free statistic in the aftermath of the shooting in Florida, apparently without stopping to wonder why they hadn t heard about the other 17 school shootings that supposedly had happened since January 1.This isn t just an embarrassing case of confirmation bias. Spreading such misleading statistics affects how Americans from ordinary working people to elected officials understand and cope with these terrible incidents.",0
9071,TUCKER CARLSON Rips The Left On Gun Control Hysteria: “Let’s stop lying about this” [Video],"Tucker Carlson weighed in on the hysteria over gun control and where the blame lies for the school shooting in Florida. The left has grabbed onto this story with an iron fist and won t let go. They are beating to death the theory that less guns means less crime. Not so fast! Look at the city of Chicago! Tucker Carlson calls them out on their lies: Let s stop lying about this. The calls we are hearing today for gun control have nothing to do with protecting Americans from violence. What you re witnessing is a kind of class war. The left hates rural America, red America, gun-owning America, the America that elected Donald Trump. They hate them. Progressives are still in charge of most of the major institutions in this country, and they despise the autonomy of an armed population. They want collective punishment for the sins of a few. They seek to obliterate a core constitutional right rather than trying to mitigate its downsides. They call it gun control, but it s not. It s people control. For the left, voters who can t be controlled, can t be trusted. <span data-mce-type=""bookmark"" style=""display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;"" class=""mce_SELRES_start""> </span>",0
9072,WATCH: Mitt Romney Announces Run for Senate…Bashes Trump with Immigration Lie [Video] #MittRomney,"Just what we need another Trump-bashing RINO. Carpetbagger Mitt Romney is trying yet another run at getting elected for something. His track record isn t so great but he just announced his run for Senator of Utah. His first ad released this morning takes a swipe at President Trump s immigration policy to put Americans first. Notice how he says  immigrants . Well, we welcome LEGAL IMMIGRANTS to this country all the time. It s the ILLEGALS who have broken the law that we don t welcome. Romney used the oldest trick in the political playbook to conflate legal immigrants with illegal aliens. He should just run as a Democrat Former Massachusetts governor and one-time Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is running for the U.S. Senate in Utah. https://t.co/Jcuir2HsCY pic.twitter.com/28eZ3YfBzt  ABC News (@ABC) February 16, 2018President Trump doesn t need another RINO voting against him ",0
9073,WATCH SHERIFF’S Honest Response After a School Shooting: “The gun didn’t change…” [Video],"When it gets down to it, what this sheriff said is the heart of the problem. He nails it!Spokane County Sheriff Knezovich was brutally honest after a school shooting last September:  You started glorifying cultures of violence   you ve glorified the gang culture, you ve glorified games that actually give you points for raping and killing people. Gun didn t change. We changed. Of course, he was brutally attacked for telling the truth. They said he blamed everything but the gun Yes he did.This young gentleman got sucked into a counterculture of violence, a culture that is enamored with school shootings. And media, you are to blame for that, because you keep giving these people headlines. You keep using their names. You have made them heroes to some people. If I had my way, none of these people s names would ever be remembered.Where did we really go sideways in raising our kids? Perhaps we taught them to glorify the wrong things. All this violence that they constantly consume has come home to pay a major price. It is time for each and every one of us to say no more to the hate that we see, to the violence that we see.Lawmakers on both the right and the left, you re both enamored by radicalized hate. You seem to hate everybody and everything. It s time for you to end that too.They [the federal government] have pushed this problem to the local level, and the local level is not equipped to deal with it. This is a state and national issue that they better wake up and start dealing with.You started glorifying cultures of violence. You glorified gang culture. You glorified games that actually give you points for raping and killing people. ",0
9074,"Flashback Video: Susan Rice Says Trump’s Claims He Was Wiretapped Absolutely False, “That Can Only Come From A FISA Court”","Susan Rice and Obama were as thick as thieves during his 8 years as president. In the video below, Rice lies about the spying on Trump without blinking an eye. These people are ruthless in their desire destroy President Trump.Here is Susan Rice a couple months ago claiming Trump's wiretapping claims are completely FALSE. She even says a FISA warrant would be needed to do something like that..What a LYING sack of trash. pic.twitter.com/UpuGh5b8uM  Mike (@mike_Zollo) February 13, 2018PBS  JUDY WOODRUFF: We have been following a disclosure by the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes (R-CA), that in essence during the final days of the Obama administration, during the transition, after President Trump had been elected that he and the people around him may have been caught up in surveillance of foreign individuals, and that their identities may have been disclosed. Do you know anything about this?SUSAN RICE, Former U.S. National Security Adviser:  I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. And let`s back up and recall where we have been. The president of the United States accused his predecessor, President Obama, of wiretapping Trump Tower during the campaign. Nothing of the sort occurred, and we have heard that confirmed by the director of the FBI, who also pointed out that no president, no White House can order the surveillance of another American citizen. That can only come from the Justice Department, with the approval of a FISA court.",0
9075,POLITICS FIRST: LEFTIST PARENTS Of Former Combat Marine Running For GOP Senate Seat Max Out Donations To His DEMOCRAT Opponent,"The heartbreaking story of two parents who put their leftist ideology before their own son The parents of GOP Senate candidate Kevin Nicholson have maxed out their campaign contributions to the Democrat he s challenging, CNN reported Monday.Each of Nicholson s parents gave $2,700 to Sen. Tammy Baldwin s (D-Wis.) campaign in December, the largest amount they can give during the Democratic primary.Nicholson s mother, Donna, has been documented as giving thousands of dollars to Democratic candidates over the years. However, this is the first gift either of his parents have made to Baldwin s campaign since Nicholson announced his own bid. My parents have a different worldview than I do, and it is not surprising that they would support a candidate like Tammy Baldwin who shares their perspective,  Nicholson said in a statement to CNN. I m a conservative today not because I was born one, but because of the experience I earned as a Marine in combat, my experience as a husband and father, my choice to be a Christian, the schools I chose to attend and the decision to pursue the career that I have,  he continued. Regardless of who may disagree with my life decisions, I would not trade these experiences for anything, and they will always guide my views as Wisconsin s next U.S. Senator. Nicholson announced in July that he would be running in the GOP primary for Baldwin s seat.He faced questions about his political views over his past position as president of the College Democrats of America and his speech at the Democratic National Convention in 2000.However, Nicholson told Politico last year that he permanently changed parties after he served in Iraq in 2007. I knew what we were doing there,  he told Politico.  We were stabilizing that country. We made incredible amounts of progress. And what I was hearing back home was a complete and absolute lie, as politicians were running around calling it a failure.   The Hill",0
9076,TWO HIGH SCHOOL JROTC Members Tell INCREDIBLE Story Of How They Led Students Into Classroom…Used Tevlar Mats To Block Bullets From Florida Shooter [VIDEO],"ABC News  When two Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students and Junior Reserve Officers  Training Corps (JROTC) captains heard gunshots after training with cadets, they used classroom materials to barricade and protect students.Company commander Capt. Zackary Walls, 17, and Capt. Colton Haab, 17, told ABC News that they ended formations early to head back to their classrooms shortly before a fire alarm went off and the shooting began. Around 2:30 I hear the bell ring for the fire alarm and we start heading out,  Walls said.  I m leading the line and we re heading out and it just so happens our fire zone was exactly where the shooter was,  but, Walls added, he did not see the shooter. I heard the first two or three shots, I knew it was gunshots and I look back at all the kids behind me, there s 60 kids looking at me [asking],  What do I do, where do I go  I just yell,  get back in the classroom,'  Walls said.He went on to explain that students were sprinting through the hallways  trampling over each other  and he began ushering them inside a classroom to shield them from the gunfire.  I start trying to just herd kids in there, get them to where they re not pushing and trampling each other and just get them into the room safely. I pulled in teachers, I pulled in kids that weren t in my class,  Walls recalled of the chaotic scene.Haab said his first sergeant told him not to lead his class outside after hearing seven gunshots, so he turned back to safety. I shut my door, pulled a student in and I brought him into the other room [where Walls was located] and I started getting people in,  Haab said.A student, who told ABC News that he participated in Junior ROTC with Cruz, described him as a  psycho.  Cruz was a well-known weapons enthusiast, the student said, who once tried to sell knives to a classmate.",0
9077,MEDIA PROMOTES Fake News That Shooter Connected to White Nationalist Group,"The mainstream media is guilty of fake news when it serves their desired narrative. In this case, the desire by the media to make the Florida shooter out to be a  white nationalist  is huge. They often go with the lie because by the time the lie is corrected, no one is listening. This is how the media hijacks the narrative in order to shape minds to think a certain way. Pretty evil, huh  The media ran with the story but it s not true FAKE NEWS from the Associated Press to serve the purpose of the lefty media. This is nothing new but with the invention of social media and citizen journalists, we re able to correct the lies and hopefully get the truth out there. Nick Short and others called out the AP and other main stream media outlets for their lack of integrity in making claims that are a lie:According to law enforcement, there are no ties linking Cruz to the white nationalist group but it appears AP & the rest of the media didn t even bother to corroborate with authorities about this and instead gave a racist white nationalist free publicity. https://t.co/RFiDQc3d8b https://t.co/TScmiApfAe  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) February 15, 2018Tallahassee.com set the record straight:Local law enforcement sources have not found a connection between accused Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz and a Tallahassee-based paramilitary group.Leon County law enforcement sources told the Tallahassee Democrat that they could not find information linking Cruz, 19, to the Republic of Florida Militia, as claimed by the group s self-proclaimed leader Jordan Jereb.His comments to the Anti-Defamation League and The Associated Press set off a media firestorm Thursday at about midday that Cruz was connected to the alt-right, white nationalist group.HERE S WHAT HAPPENED IN A NUTSHELL:The ADL used 4Chan as a source, CBS used the ADL as a source.welcome to the future. pic.twitter.com/rBj61SUZC8  Tim Pool (@Timcast) February 16, 2018",0
9078,"WHAT’S WRONG WITH PELOSI? Nancy Stutters, Stammers and Calls USDA the Department of Education [Video]","What s wrong with Pelosi? Nancy Pelosi is supposed to be the Democrat s leader in the House but she can t complete a thought! She held her daily presser to discuss the budget and how mean President Trump is for cutting entitlements like SNAP. Food stamps are so abused and have been for decades. You d think she d want some new ideas. She seems flustered and angry during the comments about the budget cuts.She s probably mostly angry that her iron grip on Congress is slipping.We have numerous examples of Minority Leader Pelosi stammering and losing her train of thought. Is it time for new leadership? You betcha  but will the Dems dump Nancy for new blood?OUR PREVIOUS GAFFE-FILLED MOMENT WITH NANCY:Oh Lordy! Nancy is losing it! The Democrats are pulling out all the stops to prevent the sunlight from shining on the corruption within their party and within the intel agencies. In the short clip below, Pelosi calls the memo release a  cover-up  by the Republicans. That s pretty funny since the Republicans have been trying for over a year to get information from the Democrats and intel agencies involved in the cover-up of the Hillary Clinton email scandal.Pelosi has repeatedly called President Trump by the wrong name. She just recently called Intel Chair Devin Nunes  Dennis :House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was on with Chris Cuomo and was pretty rattled. She pulled out all the stops on this even telling Chris Cuomo he doesn t know what he s talking about. She also just called Devin Nunes  Dennis  and then dropped this big fat whopper:  They have made up a memo that isn t even true and they are lying to the American people ""They have made up a memo that isn't even true and they are lying to the American people: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on GOP's release of FBI memo https://t.co/t0IH9jBe2B pic.twitter.com/Fkm5luMqUA  New Day (@NewDay) January 30, 2018 Dennis ? Chris Cuomo probably felt like a nursing home orderly House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi: House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes has acted like a ""stooge of the White House at the acquiescence or   maybe the guidance of the Speaker of the House  https://t.co/t0IH9jBe2B pic.twitter.com/OL8piZyhEx  New Day (@NewDay) January 30, 2018We honestly can t keep track of the gaffes from Pelosi.",0
9079,“PROUD TRANSGENDER” Democrat Candidate For Congress Turns Out To Be A Fugitive…ARRESTED In Wisconsin,"WQOW -A Lacrosse, WI transgender person, who recently announced her primary campaign against Congressional Representative Ron Kind, is now in custody of the NYPD on grand larceny charges.Juliet D Germanotta, 36, was arrested on February 12 by the La Crosse County Sheriff s Department at 400 La Crosse Street. That arrest followed a call to the DA s office from the NYPD saying that Germanotta was wanted for grand larceny in the third degree.According to the New York Post, a congressional candidate from Wisconsin was busted by the NYPD in her home state when she tried to sell a ring she ripped off from a Manhattan jewelry store, police said Wednesday.Juliet Germanotta   who in campaign literature vowed to keep the state  fiscally responsible by questioning expenses     had ordered a $4,800, 18-karat yellow gold Zambian emerald and diamond ring from Mikaelians Jewelry on West 47th Street in Midtown on Sept. 19.But Germanotta, 36, who describes herself as a  proud transgender woman,  claimed the ring she received was not to her liking and requested her money back from the store.Instead of sending the real ring back, she sent the store a $10 replica   and sold the original, cops said.Mikaelians filed a complaint with the NYPD on Oct. 2, recognizing the ring they received in return as a phony. And when Germanotta s buyer in Wisconsin had the real ring appraised, it was learned that the jewelry was hot.NYPD detectives picked up Germanotta in Wisconsin, where she confessed to the crime, authorities said.She waived extradition in court Tuesday.",0
9080,JUST IN: Senate Rejects Immigration Bill…Trump Calls a “Total Catastrophe”,"How could the Senate be so lame in their effort to produce an immigration bill? A Senator Ted Cruz put it,  they re to the left of Obama . Now that s pretty bad! what stuck out like sore thumb is the bill s failure to address chain migration that s a biggie!AHEAD OF THE VOTE: The DHS warned the plan would mean the  end of immigration enforcement in America. Senators on Thursday blocked multiple plans dealing with immigration as President Trump torpedoed one proposal as  a total catastrophe  and his Department of Homeland Security lambasted it as the  end of immigration enforcement in America. During a series of afternoon procedural votes, no immigration amendments crossed the 60 vote threshold that would have cut off debate and paved the way for final votes.The effort to pass immigration legislation comes as Democrats insist on protecting young illegal immigrants brought to the country as children and Trump demands funding for a border wall.Ahead of the votes, the Trump administration focused on the bipartisan agreement drawn up by a  Gang of 22  that would grant a 10-12 year path to the young illegal immigrants or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients.The amendment failed by only getting 54 votes. Forty five senators voted against it.The administration objected to the bill s failure to address so-called  chain migration    by which immigrants can sponsor a broad number of relatives to come join them in the U.S. Trump has said that he wants to limit sponsorship to children and spouses.The bill also would not end the visa lottery system, which allows 55,000 immigrants into the country each year and has been dogged by accusations of fraud and abuse.The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be  the end of immigration enforcement in America.  It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2018WHAT IN THE WORLD??? THIS IS TRULY A  CATASTROPHE !",0
9081,SC STATE REP Who is a Former Cop Proposes Smart Gun Law For Campuses That The Clueless Anti-Gun Crowd Will Detest,"WHO BETTER THAN A FORMER POLICE OFFICER TO UNDERSTAND THAT MORE GUNS EQUALS BETTER PROTECTION AND LESS CRIME:South Carolina could move away from the folly of  gun free zones  if one pro-Second Amendment state lawmaker has his way  Fits News reports:State representative Mike Pitts of Laurens, S.C. is planning to introduce a bill that would permit  campus carry  in the Palmetto State.  In other words, he s going to file legislation that would allow college students who have concealed weapons permits to carry their guns on campus.As of this writing, college campuses in South Carolina are gun-free zones. College campuses have been the location of terrible tragedies targeted by mass shooters because they are gun free zones,  Pitts told us.   This bill would allow a responsible, trained permit holder to be in a position to defend themselves and others. Pitts knows what he s talking about, too.  He s a retired city of Greenville, S.C. police officer, avid hunter and the leading Second Amendment advocate in the S.C. General Assembly.If you think about it, Chicago is one of the most anti-gun cities around and their crime is off the charts Disarming the law-abiding populace is never the answer to gun violence. In fact, federal crime data has consistently shown that elevated gun ownership results in fewer murders, rapes and armed robberies.",0
9082,HUH? RAPPER JAY-Z Compares Trayvon Martin to MLK and Gandhi at Peace Walk: “Serves as a beacon of light” [Video],"Rapper Jay-Z attended the Peace Walk & Peace Talk in Miami Gardens last weekend. He elevated Trayvon Martin s name alongside those of spiritual leaders like Martin Luther King Jr. and Mahatma Gandhi .Say what???Thank you Jay-Z for showing up for Trayvon Martin s family for so many years. It means the world to them that you have supported them throughout their journey. pic.twitter.com/M9NBCIHaw5  Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) February 10, 2018THE MIAMI HERALD REPORTS:Shawn  Jay-Z  Carter joined hundreds of marchers at the rally to honor victims of gun violence, including Trayvon Martin, the Miami Gardens teenager who was shot to death in February 2012 while in his father s Central Florida neighborhood.Jay-Z joined Trayvon s parents, Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin, on stage at the Betty T. Ferguson Amphitheater. We want to make sure that we stand and support and never forget that Trayvon serves as a beacon of light to the people out here. So you guys never have to go through the pain and hurt that these guys went through,  Jay-Z said.Of Trayvon, Jay-Z said:  His name will sit alongside the greats whom lost their lives to push our culture forward   the Martin Luther Kings, the Gandhis. That s the intention we set so his name will serve as a beacon of light and hope to push our culture forward in a better direction. Brenda Martin Providence, a friend of Trayvon s mother, volunteered at the Peace Walk. She didn t expect to see the high-profile rapper whose appearance hadn t been publicized. It means a lot to the community when you see people like Jay-Z who come out to support your cause,  Providence said.  With everything going on, we all need to support the cause because our youth are dying in the streets.",0
9083,The DIRTY TRUTH About DACA Recipients…Where They’re REALLY Coming From…Their CRIMINAL Records…And How They REALLY Got Here,"Yesterday, a second U.S. judge on Tuesday blocked President Donald Trump s decision to end a program that protects immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children from deportation.U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis in Brooklyn ruled that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, cannot end in March as the Republican administration had planned, a victory for Democratic state attorneys general and immigrants who sued the federal government.The decision is similar to a Jan. 9 ruling by U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco that DACA must remain in place while litigation challenging Trump s decision continues.The legal battle over DACA complicates a debate currently underway in Congress on whether to change the nation s immigration laws.The Supreme Court on Friday is due to consider whether to take up the administration s appeal of the San Francisco ruling. The court could announce as soon as Friday afternoon whether it will hearing the case.  ReutersSince when does a judge unilaterally decide that a program based on an executive order by a radical and lawless president, with an expiration date, can be extended?Peel back the layers of lies that are being told to the American public by Democrats like Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer, and their allies in the media, and discover the shocking truth about the  Dreamers (or voters) they re fighting so hard to keep in America.  According to The Hill, the narrative surrounding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program holds that it was put in place to protect  kids  who were brought here through no fault of their own. DACA supporters implied that applicants were mostly Hispanic and that as citizens of distressed republics a short distance away from the wealthy United States, their violation of our immigration laws was somehow understandable. Program applicants were also portrayed as brilliant valedictorians and proud members of the military.From the outset, that narrative rang hollow. In a column for the Washington Post, Mickey Kaus described it as public-relations-style  hooey.  Here s why.New data released by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) definitively establishes that most of the DACA narrative is false. Particularly overblown are claims that deported DACA recipients would inevitably be strangers in a strange land.USCIS lists 149 countries of origin for DACA applicants. English is the national language in at least 26 of those countries. Those include the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Ireland. A large number of applicants are from India, Hong Kong and the Philippines, where there are enormous English-speaking communities.Other statistics also undermine claims that the United States must  take care of the DACAs  or condemn them to a life of isolation and poverty.In fact, many DACA applicant s birth countries are listed on the higher end of the common standard of living indexes. Which means that DACA advocates are arguing that the United States has a moral obligation to undermine its own laws in order to avoid returning illegal aliens to countries whose citizens are considered to have a higher standard of living than many Americans.One wonders why it has never occurred to Congress that its primary obligation should be protecting native-born American kids from illegal aliens who compete with them for entry-level jobs and seats at colleges and universities. Curiously, our elected representatives seem remarkably unconcerned about protecting America s standard of living.What is most disturbing about the data released by USCIS, however, is the number of DACA applicants who come from countries associated with terrorism or overt anti-Americanism. This is cause for concern given the  lean and lite  vetting used to quickly approve DACA applications:Based on the facts   rather than the myth   it seems clear the individuals who applied for, and received, DACA were not the oppressed, well-meaning, high-achievers that the media and the open-borders lobby portrayed them to be. ",0
9084,JUST IN: CROOKED DOJ OFFICIAL Didn’t Reveal That His Wife Was Being Paid By Fusion GPS to Get Dirt on Trump [Video],"We ve been covering the curious case of DOJ official Bruce Ohr and his wife Nellie Ohr What they did is so corrupt and underhanded! Nellie worked for the opposition research firm hired by the Democrats to get dirt on Trump (see below). Her husband would take whatever Nellie produced about Trump and hand it over to the FBI! Unreal! This should be jail time because of the omission of the conflict of interest being an ethics violation. So far, it appears as though Bruce Ohr has just been demoted.NOW WE FIND OUT THAT BRUCE OHR HID THE FUSION GPS PAYMENTS TO HIS WIFE:Daily Caller reports:Bruce Ohr, the Department of Justice official who brought opposition research on President Donald Trump to the FBI, did not disclose that Fusion GPS, which performed that research at the Democratic National Committee s behest, was paying his wife, and did not obtain a conflict of interest waiver from his superiors at the Justice Department, documents obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation show.The omission may explain why Ohr was demoted from his post as associate deputy attorney general after the relationship between Fusion GPS and his wife emerged and Fusion founder Glenn Simpson acknowledged meeting with Ohr. Willfully falsifying government ethics forms can carry a penalty of jail time, if convicted.The Democratic National Committee (DNC) hired Fusion GPS to gather and disseminate damning info about Trump, and they in turn paid Nellie Ohr, a former CIA employee with expertise in Russia, for an unknown role related to the  dossier.  Bruce Ohr then brought the information to the FBI, kicking off a probe and a media firestorm.The DOJ used it to obtain a warrant to wiretap a Trump adviser, but didn t disclose to the judge that the DNC and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s campaign had funded the research and that Ohr had a financial relationship with the firm that performed it   which could be, it turns out, because Ohr doesn t appear to have told his supervisors. Some have suggested that the financial payments motivated Bruce Ohr to actively push the case.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON NELLIE OHR:This is a big deal even though we re sure the main stream media will ignore it. The connection between a now demoted DOJ official and Fusion GPS just got closer. His wife worked for the opposition research firm responsible for THE ANTI-TRUMP DOSSIER! The plot thickens <span data-mce-type=""bookmark"" style=""display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;"" class=""mce_SELRES_start""> </span>Fox News reports:A senior Justice Department official demoted last week for concealing his meetings with the men behind the anti-Trump  dossier  had even closer ties to Fusion GPS, the firm responsible for the incendiary document, than has been disclosed, Fox News has confirmed: The official s wife worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election.Contacted by Fox News, investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr, wife of the demoted official, Bruce G. Ohr, worked for the opposition research firm last year. The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr s duties   including whether she worked on the dossier   remains unclear but a review of her published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects. HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that she was paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016. Read more: Fox NewsJAMES ROSEN HAS THIS ON BRUCE OHR:KABOOOOOM !! Mueller Investigation CRUMBLES !!First Strzok and Paige then Weissmann, then Rhee and NOW Bruce Ohr BUSTED w/ both hands in the Fake Trump Dossier cookie jar !!#FireMueller #ShutItDown Investigating the Investigators pic.twitter.com/u9YgFa6421   #ObamaGate  (@StockMonsterVIP) December 7, 2017Read more: Daily Caller",0
9085,PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETS The Perfect New Years Message…It’s Who He Included In His Tweet That Has Everyone LAUGHING!,"As 2017 comes to a close, we d like to acknowledge our gratitude to President Trump, who is truly a gift to America. He came at a time when we needed him most. He came at a time when We The People were watching our freedoms and rights being stripped away by an out-of-control government. He came at a time when educators were teaching our youth that America was the enemy. He came at a time when American citizens were being forced to cede our country to unvetted foreign invaders and illegal aliens in exchange for Democrat Party votes. He came at a time when Democrats, celebrities, and the media were shaming gun owners and Christians for their conservative beliefs, and where daring to say  Merry Christmas  was a borderline punishable offense. He gave up a successful business and time spent with his close-knit family to step into a hornet s nest like no one could ever have imagined, but he did it because he believed in the greatness of America, and in defending that greatness, no matter the personal cost. That s what makes his New Years tweet so perfect!President Trump took time tonight, to wish his supporters,  enemies   the very dishonest Fake News Media  and even his  haters  a  Happy and Healthy  2018. As we say goodbye to an incredibly successful 2017, led by an incredibly successful President, we d like to thank President Trump for the incredible sacrifices he s made on behalf of every American (even those who don t yet understand) to Make America Great Again!President Trump tweeted:  As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America! As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2017As a special tribute to President Trump, as he wraps up his unbelievably successful first year, we d like to share this powerful article, written by Evan Sayet. The article brilliantly explains why America loves the  fighter  Donald J. Trump. HE FIGHTSMy Leftist friends (as well as many ardent #NeverTrumpers) constantly ask me if I m not bothered by Donald Trump s lack of decorum. They ask if I don t think his tweets are  beneath the dignity of the office.  Here s my answer:We Right-thinking people have tried dignity. There could not have been a man of more quiet dignity than George W. Bush as he suffered the outrageous lies and politically motivated hatreds that undermined his presidency. We tried statesmanship. Could there be another human being on this earth who so desperately prized  collegiality  as John McCain? We tried propriety   has there been a nicer human being ever than Mitt Romney? And the results were always the same.This is because, while we were playing by the rules of dignity, collegiality and propriety, the Left has been, for the past 60 years, engaged in a knife fight where the only rules are those of Saul Alinsky and the Chicago mob.I don t find anything  dignified,   collegial  or  proper  about Barack Obama s lying about what went down on the streets of Ferguson in order to ramp up racial hatreds because racial hatreds serve the Democratic Party. I don t see anything  dignified  in lying about the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi and imprisoning an innocent filmmaker to cover your tracks. I don t see anything  statesman-like  in weaponizing the IRS to be used to destroy your political opponents and any dissent. Yes, Obama was  articulate  and  polished  but in no way was he in the least bit  dignified,   collegial  or  proper. The Left has been engaged in a war against America since the rise of the Children of the  60s. To them, it has been an all-out war where nothing is held sacred and nothing is seen as beyond the pale. It has been a war they ve fought with violence, the threat of violence, demagoguery and lies from day one   the violent take-over of the universities   till today.The problem is, through these years, the Left has been the only side fighting this war. While the Left has been taking a knife to anyone who stands in their way, the Right has continued to act with dignity, collegiality, and propriety.With Donald Trump, this all has come to an end. Donald Trump is America s first wartime president in the Culture War.During wartime, things like  dignity  and  collegiality  simply aren t the most essential qualities one looks for in their warriors. Ulysses Grant was a drunk whose behavior in peacetime might well have seen him drummed out of the Army for conduct unbecoming. Had Abraham Lincoln applied the peacetime rules of propriety and booted Grant, the Democrats might well still be holding their slaves today. Lincoln rightly recognized that  I cannot spare this man. He fights. General George Patton was a vulgar-talking, son-of-a-bitch. In peacetime, this might have seen him stripped of rank. But, had Franklin Roosevelt applied the normal rules of decorum, then Hitler and the Socialists would barely be five decades into their thousand-year Reich.Trump is fighting. And what s particularly delicious is that, like Patton standing over the battlefield as his tanks obliterated Rommel s, he s shouting,  You magnificent bastards, I read your book!  That is just the icing on the cake, but it s wonderful to see that not only is Trump fighting, he s defeating the Left using their own tactics.That book is Saul Alinsky s Rules for Radicals   a book so essential to the Liberals  war against America that it is and was the playbook for the entire Obama administration and the subject of Hillary Clinton s senior thesis. It is a book of such pure evil, that, just as the rest of us would dedicate our book to those we most love or those to whom we are most indebted, Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer.Trump s tweets may seem rash and unconsidered but, in reality, he is doing exactly what Alinsky suggested his followers do. First, instead of going after  the fake media    and they are so fake that they have literally gotten every single significant story of the past 60 years not just wrong, but diametrically opposed to the truth, from the Tet Offensive to Benghazi, to what really happened on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri   Trump has isolated CNN. He made it personal. Then, just as Alinsky suggests, he employs ridicule which Alinsky described as  the most powerful weapon of all. Everyone gets that it s not just CNN   in fact, in a world where Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow, Paul Krugman and Nicholas Kristof are people of influence and whose  reporting  is in no way significantly different than CNN s   CNN is just a piker.Most importantly, Trump s tweets have put CNN in an untenable and unwinnable position. With Trump s ability to go around them, they cannot simply stand pat. They need to respond. This leaves them with only two choices.They can either  go high  (as Hillary would disingenuously declare of herself and the fake news would disingenuously report as the truth) and begin to honestly and accurately report the news or they can double-down on their usual tactics and hope to defeat Trump with twice their usual hysteria and demagoguery.The problem for CNN (et al.) with the former is, if they were to start honestly reporting the news, that would be the end of the Democratic Party they serve. It is nothing but the incessant use of fake news (read: propaganda) that keeps the Left alive. Imagine, for example, if CNN had honestly and accurately reported then-candidate Barack Obama s close ties to foreign terrorists (Rashid Khalidi), domestic terrorists (William Ayers), the mafia (Tony Rezko) or the true evils of his spiritual mentor, Jeremiah Wright s, church.Imagine if they had honestly and accurately conveyed the evils of the Obama administration s weaponizing of the IRS to be used against their political opponents or his running of guns to the Mexican cartels or the truth about the murder of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and the Obama administration s cover-up. This makes  going high  a non-starter for CNN. This leaves them no other option but to ratchet up the fake news, conjuring up the next  nothing burger  and devoting 24 hours a day to hysterical rants about how it s  worse than Nixon. This, obviously, is what CNN has chosen to do. The problem is, as they become more and more hysterical, they become more and more obvious. Each new effort at even faker news than before, and faker  outrage  only makes that much more clear to any objective observer that Trump is and always has been right about the fake news media.And, by causing their hysteria, Trump has forced them into numerous, highly embarrassing and discrediting mistakes. Thus, in their desperation, they have lowered their standards even further and run with articles so clearly fake that, even with the liberal (lower case  l ) libel laws protecting the media, they ve had to wholly retract and erase their stories repeatedly.Their flailing at Trump has even seen them cross the line into criminality, with CNN using their vast corporate fortune to hunt down a private citizen for having made fun of them in an Internet meme. This threat to  dox    release of personal information to encourage co-ideologists to visit violence upon him and his family   a political satirist was chilling in that it clearly wasn t meant just for him. If it were, there would have been no reason for CNN to have made their  deal  with him public.Instead, CNN   playing by  Chicago Rules    was sending a message to any and all: dissent will not be tolerated. This heavy-handed and hysterical response to a joke on the Internet has backfired on CNN, giving rise to only more righteous ridicule.So, to my friends on the Left   and the #NeverTrumpers as well   do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be  collegial  and  dignified  and  proper ? Of course, I do. These aren t those times. This is war. And it s a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years.So, say anything you want about this president   I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I don t care. I can t spare this man. He fights.Townhall published this brilliant article on July 13, 2017. It was written by Conservative author and pundit Evan Sayet, who is the author of The KinderGarden of Eden: How The Modern Liberal Thinks. His lecture to the Heritage Foundation on this same topic remains, some ten years later, by far the single most viewed lecture in their history.Here is the link to the video of Evan Sayet s viral lecture on  How the modern liberal thinks.",0
9086,COORDINATED? Yet Another Hack Reporter Claims U.S. Doesn’t Have ‘Moral Authority’ To Talk About Iranian Protests [Video],"A coordinated effort to spew anti-Trump propaganda by reporters from CNN and ABC has us pretty disgusted. We previously reported on a CNN reporter (see below) who said pretty much verbatim what Matthew Dowd of ABC just said:ABC Reporter Matthew Dowd:.@matthewjdowd: ""Our moral authority in the world has been drastically diminished,"" reducing our ability to weigh in on protests in Iran. ""How can we talk about what's going on Iran when we don't talk about what goes on in Russia?"" #ThisWeek pic.twitter.com/H24KxuNWGv  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) December 31, 2017WE PREVIOUSLY REPORTED ON A CNN POLITICAL HACK WHO SAID ALMOST THE SAME THING: CNN correspondent Arwa Damon takes the propaganda route and sides with Iran in bashing America by saying we  don t have a moral leg to stand on .  This is a mind blower We just reported that America gives over $24 billion in aid to countries around the world. Iran has been bashing the U.S. for decades and now this liberal hack at CNN says the world thinks we don t have a moral leg to stand on? America has literally been the beacon of light for the world! We give more than anyone and are taking in the most refugees by far.  The world  might need to do a reality check on this one Via Daily Caller: During CNN s coverage of protests in Iran Saturday, a correspondent read a statement from the Iranian government, adding that many countries are  frustrated  with the United States, and that many think America doesn t have a  moral leg to stand on. CNN correspondent Arwa Damon said,  This coming out from the [Iranian] foreign ministry, not only talking about the fact that they view the government of President Trump as the greatest bearer of ill will towards Iran but going on to say that,  The people of Iran give no value or credibility to such opportunistic expressions by the Government or the person, Mr. Trump. American officials, through their conduct have not earned a place from which they can express masked sentiments as sympathies, for the aware of the people of Iran. This reporter has a history of being anti-Israel. Is CNN taking sides in the Iranian uprising? We think so.To watch the video: Daily Caller",0
9087,BARBRA STREISAND Gives Up On Dream Of Impeaching Trump Over Fake Trump-Russian Collusion…Tweets HILARIOUS New Reason Trump Should Be Impeached,"Barbra Streisand was an Obama sycophant and one of the corrupt Clinton s most loyal fans. She is also part of the Hollywood liberal  resistance  movement. Much like Rosie O Donnell, Kathy Griffin, and literally hundreds of overpaid celebrities, Barbara Streisand is obsessed with tweeting about how much she hates President Trump. It s Streisand s latest tweet that has conservatives calling her out for her complete and utter  stupidity .Streisand tweeted: Collusion or no collusion, @realDonaldTrump should be impeached for sheer stupidity. Collusion or no collusion, @realDonaldTrump should be impeached for sheer stupidity.  Barbra Streisand (@BarbraStreisand) December 30, 2017Twitter users wasted no time DESTROYING the  has been  entertainer.This tweet suggested her music and acting awards should be recalled due to the  sheer stupidity  of the recipient.I can think of a lot of Oscars, Emmy s, Tony s and Grammy s that should be recalled due to sheer stupidity of the recipient. Particularly this one:   https://t.co/f4KtzLsOQA  AnneMarie (@bulliegirl1959) December 30, 2017Dan Bongino suggested that talent aside, Streisand should be mocked for failing constitutional basics 101.Singing or no singing @BarbraStreisand should be mocked for failing constitutional basics 101. https://t.co/EeFKkiYtOb  Dan Bongino (@dbongino) December 30, 2017 Mike  truly schooled Streisand when he explained to her,  You can t impeach a President, because of your feelings, Barbra. You can't impeach a President, because of your feelings, Barbra. https://t.co/vsmuW223pI  Mike (@Fuctupmind) December 30, 2017Barbra got destroyed in one powerful image reminding her that  Impeachment requires an actual crime  pic.twitter.com/BBW1lEY9hn  chach malone (@chachmalone) December 30, 2017OUCH!  Rita  replied to Barbra that she used to be a fan, but no more. She even took it a step further, and let Barbra know that she was now on her  boycott list!!! I was a Fan of you!!! Now you are on my boycott list!!!  Rita Reisch Afd    (@rita_reisch) December 30, 2017Finally, this Twitter user refers to Barbra Streisand as a  has been  vs the President.There ya go!! A has been vs the President  beaner (@CWhitam) December 30, 2017",0
9088,WATCH: SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM DROPS BOMBSHELL… FINALLY Confirms The Fake Russian Dossier Was Used To Obtain FISA Warrant To Spy On Trump,"Everyone suspected the sketchy Steele Dossier was what corrupt FBI and DOJ officials used to get the October 2016 FISA warrant against Trump. FBI and DOJ officials refuse to answer that question publicly.Rep Ron DeSantis (R-FL) said in a statement: We now know that the so-called Steele dossier was paid for by the Democratic Party in an effort to gin up negative information regarding then-candidate Trump. What the American people deserve to know is whether the information compiled by Steele on the Democrats  dime was used by the Obama administration to obtain approval to conduct surveillance against Trump associates. The FBI has stonewalled producing these documents for months and their production shouldn t be limited to closed door viewing by a small number of members of Congress. The Trump administration should immediately declassify all the documents used to obtain surveillance warrants against Trump or his associates. Immediately after his inauguration, President Trump came out swinging over the  fake  Russian dossier. He even went as far as to blame the intelligence community.  President Trump was immediately criticized for his comments, and the media behaved as though he was insane to even insinuate such a wild theory. As it turns out, he wasn t too far off the mark.CT   Despite a hundred different ways congressional investigators have asked the question, and despite numerous on-camera questions to FBI and DOJ officials about the 2016 FISA process, no-one had definitively confirmed the Christopher Steele  Russian Dossier  was the underlying evidence for the 2016 FISA application to gain wiretaps and electronic surveillance upon presidential candidate Donald Trump. UNTIL NOW.Senator Lindsey Graham just confirmed the sketchy Steele Dossier was used to get the wiretap and surveillance warrant from the FISA court. Brian Kilmeade understood what he was hearing was serious, but didn t quite catch the specific gravity of it. Watch at starting at the 04:10 mark: The back-story to the FISA warrant is the cornerstone. The back-story contains both the FBI and the DOJ scheme. Expose it, remove it, and the entire  muh Russia conspiracy  collapses under the weight of sunlight This is critical and important because the specific use of the Steele Dossier underpins the BIG UGLY and exposes the entire top-tier apparatus of the FBI Counterintelligence Division (Peter Strzok, Bill Priestap, James Baker, Andrew McCabe) and the DOJ National Security Division (John Carlin, Stuart Evans, Mary McCord and Sally Yates), as well as DOJ Bruce Ohr and FBI lawyer Lisa Page directly to  conspiracy  charges.The 2016 FBI counterintelligence operation was surveillance on the Trump Campaign and was thinly disguised under the fraudulent auspices of a FISA warrant, sold as a defense of U.S. democracy from Russia, which permitted the wiretaps and surveillance etc.The DOJ involvement surrounds legal arguments, processing of FISA applications, and use of the legal system to support the FBI operation with actionable legal framing (against Trump). The DOJ National Security Division carried out that collaboration with the FBI.Tablet Mag did a deep dive into the Fusion-GPS connection to the creation of the Steele Dossier; and more specifically how Fusion-GPS head Glenn Simpson and his wife Mary Jacoby were instrumental in getting the dossier assembled and into the hands of the White House prior to the DOJ and FBI applying for the FISA warrant   SEE HERE.Tablet Mag outlines how Mary Jacoby even bragged about getting the  Russiagate  narrative started:A Tablet investigation using public sources to trace the evolution of the now-famous dossier suggests that central elements of the Russiagate scandal emerged not from the British ex-spy Christopher Steele s top-secret  sources  in the Russian government which are unlikely to exist separate from Russian government control but from a series of stories that Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson and his wife Mary Jacoby co-wrote for TheWall Street Journal well before Fusion GPS existed, and Donald Trump was simply another loud-mouthed Manhattan real estate millionaire.Understanding the origins of the  Steele dossier  is especially important because of what it tells us about the nature and the workings of what its supporters would hopefully describe as an ongoing campaign to remove the elected president of the United States.[ ] In a Facebook post from June 24, 2017, that Tablet has seen in screenshots, Jacoby claimed that her husband deserves the lion s share of credit for Russiagate. (She has not replied to repeated requests for comment.)  It s come to my attention that some people still don t realize what Glenn s role was in exposing Putin s control of Donald Trump,  Jacoby wrote.  Let s be clear. Glenn conducted the investigation. Glenn hired Chris Steele. Chris Steele worked for Glenn. This assertion is hardly a simple assertion of family pride; it goes directly to the nature of what became known as the  Steele dossier,  on which the Russiagate narrative is founded. (read more)The Tablet-Mag outline shows the distinct trail of the finished Steele Dossier entering into the White House and how President Obama likely saw and reviewed the content.However, missing from this report is an origination angle even more nefarious.Remember, previous media reporting -in conjunction with Clinton campaign admissions- have confirmed the DNC and Clinton Campaign financed Fusion-GPS through their lawyers within Perkins Coie. Fusion then hired Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr who thereafter sub-contracted with retired British MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write/research/provide credibility for  the dossier. The dates here are important because they tell a story.The origin of the Clinton effort with Fusion-GPS was April 2016. That s the same month Fusion hired Nellie Ohr, wife of DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr, to gather opposition research on candidate Trump. It would be most likely that Nellie Ohr was in contact with Christopher Steele. DOJ Deputy Attorney Bruce Ohr was later demoted for his unreported contacts with Christopher Steele and Fusion-GPS founder Glenn Simpson in October 2016; the same month the FISA warrant was granted.However, there was another event in this April 2016 timeline which enhances the trail of the Dossier origination. [Hat Tip Katica] Check this out:In April 2016 Mary Jacoby shows up on White House visitor logs meeting with President Obama officials. In April 2016 the Clinton Campaign and DNC hired Fusion-GPS to organize the Russia research, that later became known as the  Steele Dossier .(link to White House Logs)The wife of Glenn Simpson (Fusion GPS), Mary B. Jacoby, with years of Russia-angled reporting  including Donald Trump  visits the White House in April 2016, at the same time as the DNC and Clinton hire Fusion GPS to conduct the opposition research on Donald Trump, surrounding Russia?This timeline is entirely too obvious to be coincidental.Expand slightly and consider:April: Mary Jacoby, wife of Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson, visits the White House. The Clinton Campaign and DNC then hire Fusion GPS to conduct  Opposition Research , with a Russian emphasis. Fusion GPS then hires Nellie Ohr who specializes in Russian-centric counterintelligence. Nellie Ohr then contacts MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write a Russian Dossier. A month later, May 2016: Nellie Ohr s husband inside the DOJ, Bruce Ohr, is then working with FBI counterintelligence head Peter Strzok. By June 2016: Peter Strzok, Bruce Ohr, and DOJ Attorney Lisa Page then apply for the first FISA warrant.[June 24th, 2017, Mary Jacoby appears on Facebook taking credit for the origination of the Russiagate narrative.]This timeline is so transparent it s deafening.[More from the Tablet] Simpson and Jacoby had ID d Manafort as a world-class sleazeball and they were right. A slick Georgetown Law grad running in GOP circles since the Reagan campaign, Manafort used his talents and connections to get paid by some very bad people. I would only add here that, in my personal experience, journalists are not in the habit of forgetting major stories they ve written, especially stories with a character like Manafort at the center.So when the Trump campaign named Paul Manafort as its campaign convention manager on March 28, 2016, you can bet that Simpson and Jacoby s eyes lit up. And as it happened, at the exact same time that Trump hired Manafort, Fusion GPS was in negotiations with Perkins Coie, the law firm representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC, to see if there was interest in the firm continuing the opposition research on the Trump campaign they had started for the Washington Free Beacon. (more)Mary Jacoby and Glenn Simpson   Fusion GPSIf the counterintelligence FISA warrant was obtained through deception, misleading/manipulated information, or fraud; and that warrant is what led to the wiretapping and surveillance of candidate Donald Trump and General Flynn; and that warrant was authorized by FISA Court Judge Contreras  who was the judge in Flynn s case, and is now recused  the entire tenuous FBI and DOJ operation begins to collapse and the outline of a  conspiracy  becomes clearly evident.The back-story to the FISA warrant is the cornerstone. The back-story contains both the FBI and the DOJ scheme. Expose it, remove it, and the entire  muh Russia  conspiracy fraud collapses under the weight of sunlight.Go HERE to see the entire fascinating investigation compiled by The Conservative TreehouseWATCH President Trump tell FOX Business  Lou Dobbs what he thinks about the Democratic efforts to smear him during his presidential campaign in an exclusive interview.",0
9089,“CONSERVATIVE GAY GUY” BLASTS Pence’s Aspen Neighbors For Hanging “Make America Gay Again Banner” In Front Of House,"It s been said that good fences make good neighbors. But in Aspen, Colo., this week, Vice President Mike Pence has something different posted between his vacation lodging and that of the people next door.Specifically, it s a rainbow banner reading  Make America Gay Again.  It appeared on a stone pillar in front of the house where Pence and his wife are staying this week.VP @mike_pence is staying in a house near #Aspen on vacation. His neighbors have a colorful message for him. https://t.co/Ldef4h1G8U via @JasonAuslander pic.twitter.com/PzWqmN9Iml  Aspen Times (@TheAspenTimes) December 30, 2017The daughters of the couple across the street and one of their girlfriends reportedly draped the rainbow banner on the pillar while a Pitkin County deputy and Secret Service members stood nearby, the Aspen Times reported. The stone pillar is situated at the end of the driveway between the two homes.According to the Times, the Secret Service agents were unfazed when the women draped the banner over the pillar, telling them,  We re not here to control your free speech rights.    FOX News Conservative Gay Guy  expressed his disgust for the people who placed the  Make America Gay Again  banner across from the Pence family vacation retreat. He tweeted:  I may be gay, but I m tired of this crap. My life doesn t revolve around my sexuality. I m a person first. The so-called tolerant left just continues to cause more division in this country. Mike Pence's neighbors in Aspen hung a ""Make America Gay Again"" banner.I may be gay, but I'm tired of this crap. My life doesn't revolve around my sexuality. I'm a person first. The so-called tolerant left just continues to cause more division in this country.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 30, 2017Conservative Gay Guy is not afraid to call out liberal gays for being intolerant, he s also not afraid to call out his liberal friends for their hypocrisy:None of my conservative family members or friends turned their back on me when I came out as gay.However, 2 of my friends became social justice warriors & stopped being friends with me over my political views.The side that claims to be tolerant/compassionate isn't really so.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 7, 2017When Muslim  feminst  (LOL!) activist Linda Sarsour tweeted in support of Sharia Law, Conservative Gay Guy destroyed her with his response:You'll know when you're living under Sharia Law if suddenly all your loans & credit cards become interest free. Sound nice, doesn't it?  Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) May 13, 2015I'll know when I'm thrown off a building for being gay. https://t.co/bxREbbopLb  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 28, 2017Conservative Gay Guy hit the nail on the head with this illegal immigration analogy:If half a family bought tickets to Disneyland & half snuck in, would they be breaking up families by kicking out the ones who snuck in? Isn't the half who paid allowed to leave with them? Please take the free education & go back to your country now that you know how to fix it.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 28, 2017",0
9090,U2’s LIMOUSINE LIBERAL BONO Proves He’s Clueless On Trump: “Bleakest Era”,"This would be a laugh a minute except for the fact that millions actually listen to this guy The most recent ramblings from U2 s Bono are a litany of lefty talking points that you ve heard a million times. Social justice yada, yada, yada .People like Bono have absolutely no clue what Trump is about and what his mission has been. Bono is so sucked in by the Clintons and other limousine liberals that he s living in La La Land BLEAKEST ERA U2 frontman Bono bashed President Donald Trump in a lengthy Rolling Stone cover story this week, lamenting Trump s criticism of the press and said the election of the real estate mogul and the current political climate  is surely the bleakest era since Nixon. In the Western world, in our lifetime, there has never been a moment, until very recently, when fairness and equality was not improving,  the Irish rocker said.  There were setbacks, but it was as if the world was on a trajectory toward fairness and justice and equality for all. But then the election of Trump happened, Bono said, and then  People s innocence had died. And a generation that had grown up thinking that the human spirit had a natural evolution toward fairness and justice was learning this might not be the case. My attitude was,  OK, good. Now it is time we wake up and realize we can t take any of this for granted. Big primates have been around a lot longer than democracy, and this dude who shall not be named   he is just a new manifestation of that big primate,  the 57-year-old said of Trump who he believes he can t work with on policy  because you can t believe what he says. And a generation that had grown up thinking that the human spirit had a natural evolution toward fairness and justice was learning this might not be the case. My attitude was,  OK, good. Now it is time we wake up and realize we can t take any of this for granted. Big primates have been around a lot longer than democracy, and this dude who shall not be named   he is just a new manifestation of that big primate,  the 57-year-old said of Trump who he believes he can t work with on policy  because you can t believe what he says. Read more: Breitbart",0
9091,BILL NYE The FAKE Science Guy THREATENS Conservatives…Blue States Will “Impose Economic Sanctions” Against Climate Change Denying States,"Friday on MSNBC, climate activist Bill Nye warned conservatives to  watch out,  saying progressive blue states will  address climate change  on their own.Nye said,  Only 40 percent of people in the U.S. think that Congress should be addressing this and that s because certain conservative groups, especially from the fossil fuel industry, have been very successful in introducing the idea that scientific uncertainty, plus or minus two percent, is the same as plus or minus 100 percent. He continued,  There s a lot of emphasis from conservatives on what are writ-large states rights. Just watch out, conservatives, if states rights include California, Illinois, New York   these places that, where people voted in a progressive fashion   watch out if all those places start to address climate change and then impose economic sanctions, either overtly or by default, on places that have not embraced the work that needs to be done. Then you ll end up with this states rights working the other way. He added,  We ve got to remind people that we re all in this together. The people I think about all the time are what are eloquently stated as the hillbillies. We want to engage everybody. Not working to address climate change is in no one s best interest. It is not in the best interest, especially of your children and grandchildren. A couple of times you mentioned that I am against the president and so on. I m not especially against the president. I just think he s gotten himself surrounded by people who are willing to mortgage the future, to let the people who are coming into the workforce now pay for the future. This is true, not just with regard to the national debt, which will almost certainly increase the same way it tripled under the beloved Ronald Reagan, not only will that national debt increase, but the climate debt, in a sense, what we have to do to address climate change, will be more and more difficult to pay back or pay down.    Breitbart NewsThe climate change debate went nuclear last year, over a whistleblower s explosive allegation that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association manipulated data to advance a political agenda by hiding the global warming  pause. In an article on the Climate Etc. blog, John Bates, who retired last year as principal scientist of the National Climatic Data Center, accused the lead author of the 2015 NOAA  pausebuster  report of trying to  discredit  the hiatus through  flagrant manipulation of scientific integrity guidelines and scientific publication standards. In addition, Mr. Bates told the Daily [U.K.] Mail that the report s author, former NOAA National Centers for Environmental Information director Thomas Karl, did so by  insisting on decisions and scientific choices that maximized warming and minimized documentation. Gradually, in the months after [the report] came out, the evidence kept mounting that Tom Karl constantly had his  thumb on the scale    in the documentation, scientific choices, and release of datasets   in an effort to discredit the notion of a global warming hiatus and rush to time the publication of the paper to influence national and international deliberations on climate policy,  Mr. Bates said Saturday on Climate Etc.The June 2015 report,  Possible artifacts of data biases in the recent global surface warming hiatus,  which updated the ocean temperature record, was published six months before the U.N. s Paris summit.The accusations sparked a fierce back-and-forth Sunday between so-called climate warmists and skeptics over the validity and implications of Mr. Bates  claim, which he defended on the Climate Etc. blog run by former Georgia Tech climatologist Judith Curry.Zeke Hausfather, Berkeley Earth climate scientist, said in a Sunday  fact-check  on the CarbonBrief blog that the Karl paper s conclusions  have been validated by independent data from satellites, buoys, and Argo floats and many other independent groups. While NOAA s data management procedures may well need improvement, their results have been independently validated and agree with separate global temperature records created by other groups,  Mr. Hausfather said, citing Berkeley Earth and the U.K. s Met Office Hadley Centre.He said the record  strongly suggests that NOAA got it right and that we have been underestimating ocean warming in recent years. Meanwhile, the whistleblowing prompted a  we-told-you-so  moment from Republicans on the House Science, Space and Technology Committee who have long suspected the Obama administration of retroactively fiddling with climate data in order to erase the 1998-2013 pause in global temperature increases. Now that Dr. Bates has confirmed that there were heated disagreements within NOAA about the quality and transparency of the data before publication, we know why NOAA fought transparency and oversight at every turn,  said Chairman Lamar Smith in a Sunday statement.The panel launched an investigation into the NOAA pausebuster report after whistleblowers said the study was  rushed to publication before underlying data issues were resolved to help influence public debate about the so-called Clean Power Plan and upcoming Paris climate conference. Dr. Bates  revelations and NOAA s obstruction certainly lend credence to what I ve expected all along   that the Karl study used flawed data, was rushed to publication in an effort to support the president s climate change agenda and ignored NOAA s own standards for scientific study,  Mr. Smith said.Mr. Bates said he decided to come forward after reading a Washington Post article Dec. 13 that said federal scientists are  frantically copying U.S. climate data, fearing it might vanish under Trump. As a climate scientist formerly responsible for NOAA s climate archive, the most critical issue in archival of climate data is actually scientists who are unwilling to formally archive and document their data,  he said on Climate Etc.In his experience, the  most serious example of a climate scientist not archiving or documenting a critical climate dataset was the study of Tom Karl et al. 2015 (hereafter referred to as the Karl study or K15), purporting to show no  hiatus  in global warming in the 2000s. NOAA did not return immediately Sunday a request for comment. The Daily Mail said that Mr. Karl  admitted the data had not been archived when the paper was published  but denied trying to influence the climate summit. Asked why he had not waited, he said:  John Bates is talking about a formal process that takes a long time. He denied he was rushing to get the paper out in time for Paris, saying:  There was no discussion about Paris,  said the Daily Mail article.The American Geophysical Union issued a statement saying it was  very closely monitoring the situation, have considered the possible implications, and will be sharing any new information or response by AGU with you here. ",0
9092,JUST IN: TRUMP ENDS FREE MONEY TRAIN After Pakistan Refuses To Stop Housing Terrorists…Cuts STUNNING About Of Military Aid ,"The Trump administration on Friday announced the United States will deny Pakistan military aid amounting to $255 million as it expects Islamabad to take decisive action  against terrorists and militants on its soil . The United States does not plan to spend the $255 million in FY 2016 in Foreign Military Financing for Pakistan at this time,  said a spokesperson of the President s National Security Council in a statement to Hindustan Times. The President has made clear that the United States expects Pakistan to take decisive action against terrorists and militants on its soil, and that Pakistan s actions in support of the South Asia Strategy will ultimately determine the trajectory of our relationship, including future security assistance. The Administration continues to review Pakistan s level of cooperation. The statement reflected and sealed the administration s complete disillusionment with Pakistan, which had sought to brazenly disregard the explicit warnings issued by President Donald Trump personally and leading members of his cabinet, such as secretaries James Mattis and Rex Tillerson.Financial Times reported last week that  the Trump administration is considering dropping Pakistan as an ally as it examines tough measures to quell more than 20 terrorist groups it says are based in the country.  Here again, the President who is daily derided and ridiculed by foreign policy  experts  is right, and they are wrong: Pakistan is no ally, and has not been for years. This is a rupture that is much needed and long overdue.President Trump has accused the Pakistani government of  housing the very terrorists that we are fighting. And it s true, with the most notorious of these being Osama bin Laden himself. Journalist Carlotta Gall, who reported from Afghanistan for the New York Times for twelve years, reported in March 2014 that:Soon after the Navy SEAL raid on Bin Laden s house, a Pakistani official told me that the United States had direct evidence that the ISI chief, Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha, knew of Bin Laden s presence in Abbottabad. The information came from a senior United States official, and I guessed that the Americans had intercepted a phone call of Pasha s or one about him in the days after the raid.  He knew of Osama s whereabouts, yes,  the Pakistani official told me. The official was surprised to learn this and said the Americans were even more so.He shouldn t have been. It had been obvious for years at that point, and remains obvious, that the Pakistanis had been aiding the same jihadists that the U.S. government has been giving them billions of dollars to fight. This could be the severest blow dealt to Islamabad by this administration if it indeed decided to withhold it,  said a leading US expert on Pakistan, who did not want to be identified.  There is more coming,  the expert added.  IOTWReportThe amount, $255 million, is left over from $1.1 billion aid earmarked for Pakistan in 2016, and which included non-military aid as well. It was cleared for handing over in August, just days before it would lapse as unspent money.First reported by The New York Times, the move to withhold the money, which may not be large but would have signaled US backing, is reported to have come shortly after Pakistan refused to hand over to the Americans an operative of the Haqqani Network apprehended during the rescue of an American-Canadian family in October.The Haqqani Network is an affiliate of Afghan Taliban and works out of Pakistan, inflicting massive casualties on the US-led international coalition in Afghanistan. Frustrated by Islamabad s reluctance to give them, the United States has tied large portions of military aid payments to Pakistan for its actions aimed at debilitating the network.Pakistan, however, has chosen to lose hundreds of millions of dollars in such payments over 2015 and 2016, instead of kicking out the terrorists. And it has lost equity.The Trump administration was clear from the start it wouldn t countenance continuity in ties and aid without real changes.  We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting,  President Donald Trump had said unveiling his new South Asia strategy in August.  But that will have to change, and that will change immediately.   Hindustan Times",0
9093,EMBARRASSING: Anti-Trump “THE HILL” Gets SLAMMED For Publishing Article Claiming MTV’s “Jersey Shore” Reality Star “Schooled” Trump On Global Warming ,"#JokeNewsAfter record, cold temperatures were reported across the United States, President Trump took to Twitter to mock the  Global Warming  scam supported by shyster politicians like Al Gore and Barack Obama, who were poised to extort trillions of US taxpayer dollars to fund their global climate change scam.Trump tweeted:  In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up! In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 29, 2017Accuweather backed up President Trump s tweet with this report:Cold air rivaling that of the past 100 years for late December and early January will make it painful to be outdoors and may lead to damage in the central and the northeastern United States.AccuWeather RealFeel  Temperatures are projected to be below zero over much of the Northeast and well below zero in much of the Midwest.In the coming days, RealFeel temperatures 5 to 20 degrees below zero will be common. in the northern tier, RealFeel temperatures may dip as low as 30 to 40 degrees below zero.From The Hill:Former  Jersey Shore  cast member Vinny Guadagnino shot back at President Trump on Thursday after Trump said the United States could use some  good old global warming  to heat up cold states. I think climate change is more complex than global warming will make it hotter,  Guadagnino tweeted to Trump.  It has to do with disruptions of atmospheric conditions, ocean patterns, jet streams and s t like that. ""Jersey Shore"" cast member schools Trump on climate change https://t.co/Vlfl6hskeT pic.twitter.com/URSHWTqgw0  The Hill (@thehill) December 29, 2017The former MTV reality star later responded to Twitter users who mocked him for replying to Trump, asking  why does having a summer shore house automatically make [you] stupid? Per my last tweet about global warming and ppl saying it s bad when someone from  jersey shore  educates the president etc.I get the joke but why does having a summer shore house automatically make u stupid?No smart ppl ever partied with friends on weekends?  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 29, 2017The Hill then attempted to prove how smart Vinny Guadagnino s was because other Democrats also mocked President Trump s tweet:Democratic lawmakers also slammed Trump following the tweet.Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) tweeted that the U.S. has a  moral obligation  to combat climate change, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) blasted the tweet as  embarrassing. Trump has denied that global warming exists in the past, claiming it was  created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. Here s a closer look at the guy who  The Hill  claims  schooled  President Trump on phony  Global Warming  on Twitter: The energizer bunny ! Follow me on   vinguadagnino for more inspiration in a chipmunk voice pic.twitter.com/JWj3OmKhf5  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 6, 2017Here s how Twitter users responded to  The Hill s  tweet:Mueller Day mocked  The Hill  for using a guy who coined the phrase  GTL  (gym, tan, laundry) for suggesting he  schooled our President.Ok, the dude who was instrumental in coining the phrase ""GTL"" (gym, tan, laundry) has just schooled the ""president"" on the science behind global warming. The world can end now. We've come full circle and there's nothing left to do.  Mueller day (@TiersOfLove) December 29, 2017This Twitter user mocked  The Hill  for using a reality MTV show cast member s tweet to disproved President Trump s belief about phony global warming science:Yikes! You're scraping the bottom of the barrel, aren't ya? Who's next? Mama June on foreign affairs          (@EuroRaver) December 30, 2017nea sportsfan reminds  The Hill  that the  Founder of the Weather Channel says climate change is bull Founder of weather channel says climate change is bull  nea sportsfan (@sportsfanNEA) December 30, 2017twentyman also mocked  The Hill  for using the reality MTV star s tweet, calling them #FakeNews: Jet streams and shit like that    what  school  are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?""Jet streams and shit like that""   what 'school' are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?  twentyman (@tirbagofah) December 29, 2017Justin hilariously reminded  The Hill  of a 2015 tweet by Bernie Sanders:Maybe Vinny can ""school"" Bernie too.https://t.co/wW9qEuhykH  Justin   (@JustCrum79) December 29, 2017Here s the tweet from Bernie Sanders where he blames a 65-degree day on Christmas Eve in 2015 on  climate change :Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 28, 2015",0
9094,CELEBRATE! TRUMP HIGHLIGHT Video From “Year One”…The List of Accomplishments!,"The conservative 45Committee is out with a new video,  Year One,  celebrating President Donald Trump s accomplishments so far during his first year in office. President Trump and Vice President Pence have had an incredible year of accomplishments from day one to today,  said 45Committee president Brian Baker.  Year One showcases their record of historic tax cuts and much, much more. Here are all the accomplishments the group lists for 2017:MAGA!",0
9095,IT ONLY TOOK ONE TWEET FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP For Billionaires To Open Up Their Wallets For This “FIGHTER!”,"A week after President Trump endorsed Ron DeSantis for Florida governor via Twitter, a handful of billionaires have thrown their support behind the three-term Republican congressman, per Politico.Here s President Trump s tweet endorsing Rep. Ron DeSantis for governor of Florida.  Trump tweeted:  Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2017Why it matters: The monetary support DeSantis has received could prove instrumental in his race, because, in a  state as big as Florida, where a week s worth of saturation TV during next year s general election could cost as much as $3 million, cash is king,  per Politico.Supporters include casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, hedge fund heiress Rebekah Mercer, investment tycoon Foster Friess, as well as other donors who have funded Trump s 2016 campaign and the conservative Koch brothers  network, per Politico.  AxiosRepresentative Ron DeSantis (R-FL) is a fighter. Here s an example of how DeSantis took on the fake Trump-Russian collusion story:Sun Sentinel   DeSantis, who hasn t officially announced his candidacy, thanked Trump in a press release with the headline,  President Trump Backs Ron DeSantis for Governor of Florida. I m grateful to have the president s support and appreciate what he has done,  DeSantis said, adding praise for Trump achievements that have pleased conservatives: recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, signing the tax reform legislation, and appointing conservative judges.DeSantis, a Republican from Ponte Vedra Beach, has been a strong supporter of Trump.In August, he proposed cutting off funding for special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election.DeSantis  proposal, which went nowhere, would have stopped money for the investigation 180 days after it becomes law. And it would have prevented Mueller from investigating  matters  that occurred before Trump announced his presidential campaign.Also in August, DeSantis used an appearance at the Palm Beach County Republican Party s annual lobsterfest to advertise his pro-Trump credentials.As he delivered a combination political speech and invocation, the big screens at the front of the room flashed a picture of DeSantis, his wife, their infant daughter, the president and First Lady Melania Trump outside the White House.DeSantis said the president complimented his wife on her appearance.At that Palm Beach County appearance, and at events throughout the state, DeSantis has been laying the groundwork for a 2018 candidacy for the Republican nomination to run for governor.Here s Ron DeSantis blasting the press and our government agencies for giving Barack Obama a free pass over his support for Hezbollah:The Trump effect: DeSantis reflects the shifting type of Republican candidate under Trump: he s a Fox News contributor, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, a supporter of Trump s recent decision to make Jerusalem the home of the U.S. embassy in Israel, and he opposes Special Counsel Bob Mueller s Russia probe (even calling for it to end after just six months).",0
9096,WATCH HERO Singlehandedly Shut Down Anti-Trump Protest: “Hey! This is library!” [Video],"The video below is one of the highlights from the protests last year. Protesters at the University of Washington were firmly reminded that their shouting in a library was not appreciated. This is epic!About two dozen social justice warriors gathered in the normally quiet zone, a couple students wielding megaphones, and began to chant  Who s got the power?   We ve got the power!   What kind of power?   Equal power! The small protest took place about an hour after the inauguration, says the description on the YouTube video uploaded by KING 5 s Alex Rozier.But just as the momentum is getting louder, a lone voice calling  Hey, hey   hey!  interrupts the protest. Everyone quiets down as the camera dramatically pans to a young man in a dark-blue buttoned up shirt and glasses. This is library!  he scolds them.The protesters are stunned into silence for several moments, though a few feebly call out insults, including one woman who seems to ask if he s going to go back to Beijing. The man turns and leaves.Read more: barstoolsports.com",0
9097,FINALLY RELEASED! Email from Huma Abedin Includes Classified Documents [Video],"Thanks to the persistence of Judicial Watch, the emails from Huma Abedin were finally released today. Within those emails are classified documents that are  heavily redacted . Chris Farrell just commented on the documents:  A national security crime that Mr. Comey thinks is no big deal .@JudicialWatch Director of Investigations Chris Farrell on release of Huma Abedin emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop: ""Yet another really grave national security crime that Mr. Comey apparently thinks is no big deal."" https://t.co/xAzOlbGImt pic.twitter.com/YwvR2CIL3E  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 29, 2017Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch:Thanks to @JudicialWatch, we know classified info from Hillary Clinton s email server was on Anthony Weiner's laptop. There is an urgent need for a criminal investigation by the @RealDonaldTrump Justice Department. pic.twitter.com/rTCS8zD206  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 29, 2017New York Post Reports:The State Department Friday released a trove of emails from Huma Abedin that the feds discovered on her husband Anthony Weiner s laptop   including at least five that were marked as  classified. Most of the emails were heavily redacted because they contained classified material   but one that was sent on Nov. 25 2010 was addressed to  Anthony Campaign,  an apparent address belonging to Weiner.The message contained a list of talking points for then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was prepping to make a call to Prince Saud of Saudi Arabia to warn him about sensitive documents that had been given to WikiLeaks by then-Army intelligence officer Bradley Manning. I deeply regret the likely upcoming WikiLeaks disclosure,  read one of the talking points. This appears to be the result of an illegal act in which a fully cleared intelligence officer stole information and gave it to a website. The person responsible will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law  the message continued. This is the kind of information we fear may be released: details of private conversations with your government on Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan. State was expected to dump roughly 2,800 emails as a result of a court case won by the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch.Thanks to @JudicialWatch, State Department now posting government docs from Clinton/Abedin found on Anthony Weiner laptop. Weiner campaign received classified info through Abedin/Clinton emails. Docs being posted here: https://t.co/dHCRPEk3gn  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 29, 2017This is a major victory,  Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton, said in a statement. After years of hard work in federal court, Judicial Watch has forced the State Department to finally allow Americans to see these public documents. ",0
9098,AMERICAN WORKERS Scr@wed Over By Outsourcing Jobs Get Their Day In Court,"American workers have suffered tremendously with the outsourcing of jobs to foreign workers. The H-1B Visa program has scr@wed over Americans with decades of experience in jobs. American workers are forced to train their foreign replacements adding insult to injury for the American workers being laid off.Many of the workers are threatened that they will lose their payout if they break a gag order. One of the most famous cases of an employee who didn t take a payout so he could speak up is from a Disney worker. The emotional testimony below is Exhibit One of why this Visa program is so horrible:AMERICAN WORKERS SUE FOREIGN COMPANY: American workers suing an India-based outsourcing firm accused of discriminating against its U.S.-born employees, while favoring Indian nationals, will get their day in court thanks to an Oakland, California federal judge. This week, a California federal judge not only refused to throw out a case against Tata Consulting Services (TCS), one of the largest outsourcers in the U.S. of American jobs, but he also turned the case into a class-action lawsuit, according to Bloomberg.ANTI-AMERICAN BIAS:The case was brought against TCS in 2015 by American workers who said they experienced an anti-American bias at the company, which they say overwhelmingly favors imported workers of Indian descent.Brian Buchanan, one of the American workers suing TCS in the class-action suit, said he had nearly 30 years of experience in the Information Technology (IT) industry when he and roughly 400 American workers were laid off by Southern California Edison after TCS was contracted to outsource the Americans  jobs to cheaper foreign workers.Read more: Breitbart",0
9099,CNN ANCHOR: Fox Does A ‘Disservice’ To Viewers By TELLING THE TRUTH [VIDEO],"CNN s Brian Stelter called out  Fox & Friends  for doing a  disservice to viewers,  but his reasoning may leave you scratching your head . In fact, we re sure it will leave you puzzled.As you probably know, it was reported on Thursday that Trump s approval at the end of his first year in office is on par with Obama s approval rating at the same time during his presidency.Daily Caller reports: Fox & Friends  shared this fact on air Friday morning, leading the president to tweet this out:While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47% and this despite massive negative Trump coverage & Russia hoax!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 29, 2017Cue Brian Stelter. According to Stelter, it is a  disservice  to make any comparisons of poll numbers that are favorable toward Trump. It is especially bad if Trump signals that he is happy with what has been reported. This is a prime example of how  Fox & Friends  does a disservice to viewers,  Stelter tweeted.This is a prime example of how  Fox & Friends  does a disservice to viewers: https://t.co/ErJBOTAHbo  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) December 29, 2017Let s review the facts.On Dec. 28, 2009, according to a Rasmussen poll, Obama had a 47 percent approval rating. On Dec. 28, 2017, Trump had a 46 percent approval rating. Obama s approval rating on December 29, 2009   just one day later   was 46 percent, the exact same as Trump s.So Brian Stelter is apparently angry that Fox News reported poll numbers that are factually accurate because they happen to be favorable to the president. Very unbiased.FOX COULD START TELLING LIES LIKE STELTER AND CNN DO ALL THE TIME:Watch this classic moment where The Weather Channel CEO calls  baloney  on the Global Warming claims by Stelter: John Coleman, Founder, The Weather Channel, appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources with host Brian Stelter, after writing an open letter to UCLA denying the existence of anthropogenic global warming. This is a great takedown:Coleman told Stelter that  CNN has taken a very strong position on global warming that it is a consensus. Well there is no consensus in science. Science isn t a vote. Science is about facts,  and that he was  terribly disappointed  by his former network, The Weather Channel, because it  has bought into [climate change]. But so has all the media. That s no big surprise. Coleman notes that he is  not a  paid shill  (as has been claimed) of the Koch Brothers,  concluding his letter with a link to Heartland s Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change (NIPCC) website. Coleman s open letter to UCLA was sent to numerous local television stations in the Los Angeles area, as well as the Los Angeles Times.Coleman produced a special report for KUSI-TV, entitled Global Warming: The Other Side. The program suggests that Global Warming is a scam and presents what Colemen contends is evidence of a deliberate manipulation of world temperature data by NASA and other groups.",0
9100,MSNBC: “The Trump ‘Resistance’ has to become a church that seeks converts” [Video]," Persuasion is so important The Resistance has to become a church a church that seeks converts Huh??? This guy is allowed to spew his propaganda like he s an expert on Americans. Unreal! Did anyone else out there have to listen to that a few times to let it sink in?American Mirror reports:Despite Trump s obvious successes implementing campaign promises like tax cuts, rooting out ISIS, and bringing back jobs, Giridharadas believes  the resistance  has been effective in  protecting our institutions  in 2017. When you think about 2017, I think resistance was incredibly important, frankly, from my point of view. This president shattered every Democratic norm that people on both sides take for granted,  he alleged.  But if the movement that has done such a good job in 2017 at protecting our institutions only protects our institutions, I think they are going to miss an opportunity. The plan for progressives, Giridharadas argues, should be to take the resistance movement to people who allegedly don t like them, tell those folks their way of thinking is wrong, and convince them to join forces against the president. The same president who just cut their taxes.Notice how not one person on the panel refuted what he said! No fair and balanced here!",0
9101,DISNEYLAND: Anti-Trump Protester Shouting “Lock him up!” Gets Surprise Blowback From Trump Supporters [Video],"The left continues to prove to all of us that they are a twisted bunch. How is the protest filmed below going to persuade any voter to turn away from President Trump?A protester who may have an incurable case of Trump Derangement Syndrome shouted at a animatronic lookalike of the president in front of a room full of children at the Happiest Place on Earth.The ugly meltdown occurred in the Hall of Presidents at Disney World on Wednesday.I protested @realDonaldTrump at the #hallofpresidents cuz I'll never get this close in real life probs. #lockhimup pic.twitter.com/jKOQShIdz8  Earnest Gay Thoughts (@JayMalsky) December 27, 2017 I protested @realDonaldTrump at the #hallofpresidents cuz I ll never get this close in real life probs,  Jay Malsky tweeted on December 27, adding the hashtag  #lockhimup. ONE OF THE PRO-TRUMP PEOPLE WHO YELLED BACK AT THE PROTESTER TWEETED THIS OUT:My response to the person yelling at robot trump at the #hallofpresidents at #disney made @DRUDGE_REPORT. Glad they also pointed out the guys point about Disney being a public institution being absolutely irrelevant. pic.twitter.com/cWrfPheMIw  Kenny Liszewski (@kenny_liszewski) December 29, 2017DISGUSTING DISPLAY:Malsky s Twitter profile image shows him holding a purple dildo and advertises his  solo show  in New York City, titled,  Jay Malsky Slept With My Boyfriend. Malsky recorded himself watching the introductions of the presidents of the last half of the 20th Century to the president.After George Washington introduced Trump, the current president recited the Oath of Office, only for Malsky to begin shouting  Lock him up! QUIET! Quiet!  another attendee responded. Shut up!  another one yelled.Trump s speech was halted as the crowd grew angrier. Please remain seated,  a staff member said over the sound system. Thanks, asshole,  someone could be heard telling Malsky as began chanting again.Via: American MirrorThe new President Trump depicted in The Hall of Presidents has been criticized for its likeness to Hillary Clinton. It certainly doesn t look like Trump:",0
9102,WHAT THE U.S. Would Save If Trump Cut Aid To U.N. Countries That Voted Against Us,"The U.N. voted against America moving our embassy to Jerusalem, raising the question of what we pay to those who voted against us. The grand total of all donations to countries around the world (using stats from 2016) is over $24 BILLION that s billion with a b! We could save that much by cutting off those who voted against us.  What do you think about that? We think the U.N. would make a great condo building!Here are the countries that voted against the U.S., listed alphabetically, along with America s 2016 financial obligation to each country:Afghanistan   $5,060,306,050Albania   $27,479,989Algeria   $17,807,222Andorra   $0Angola   $64,489,547Armenia   $22,239,896Austria   $310,536Azerbaijan   $15,312,389Bahrain   $6,573,352Bangladesh   $263,396,621Barbados   $5,442,370Belarus   $11,166,107Belgium  $3,101,636Belize   $8,613,838Bolivia   $1,378,654Botswana   $57,252,922Brazil   $14,899,949Brunei   $354,829Bulgaria   $20,066,715Burkina Faso   $74,469,144Burundi   $70,507,528Cabo Verde   $5,044,716Cambodia   $103,194,295Chad   $117,425,683Chile  $2,266,071China   $42,263,025Comoros   $1,057,063Congo   $8,439,457Costa Rica   $14,650,552Cote d Ivoire   $161,860,737Cuba   $15,776,924Cyprus   $0Democratic People s Republic of Korea (North Korea)   $2,142,161Denmark   $3,455Djibouti   $24,299,878Dominica   $616,000Ecuador   $26,014,579Egypt   $1,239,291,240Eritrea   $119,364Estonia   $15,937,295Ethiopia   $1,111,152,703Finland   $33,492France   $4,660,356Gabon   $31,442,404Gambia   $3,197,858Germany   $5,484,317Ghana   $724,133,065Greece   $8,508,639Grenada   $690,300Guinea   $87,630,410Guyana   $9,691,030Iceland   $0India   $179,688,851Indonesia   $222,431,738Iran   $3,350,327Iraq   $5,280,379,380Ireland   $0Italy   $454,613Japan   $20,804,795Jordan   $1,214,093,785Kazakhstan  $80,418,203Kuwait   $112,000Kyrgyzstan   $41,262,984Laos   $57,174,076Lebanon   $416,553,311Liberia   $473,677,614Libya   $26,612,087Liechtenstein   $0Lithuania   $15,709,304Luxembourg   $0Madagascar   $102,823,791Malaysia   $10,439,368Maldives   $1,511,931Mali   $257,152,020Malta   $137,945Mauritania   $12,743,363Mauritius   $791,133Monaco   $0Montenegro   $2,118,108Morocco   $82,023,514Mozambique   $514,007,619Namibia   $53,691,093Nepal  $194,286,218Netherlands   $0New Zealand   $0Nicaragua   $31,318,397Niger   $144,122,239Nigeria  $718,236,917Norway   $100,000Oman   $5,753,829Pakistan   $777,504,870Papua New Guinea   $14,836,598Peru   $95,803,112Portugal   $207,600Qatar   $95,097Republic of Korea (South Korea)   $3,032,086Russia   $17,195,004Saint Vincent and the Grenadines   $612,000Saudi Arabia   $732,875Senegal   $99,599,642Serbia   $33,062,589Seychelles   $223,002Singapore   $468,118Slovakia   $2,585,685Slovenia   $715,716Somalia   $274,784,535South Africa   $597,218,298Spain   $81,231Sri Lanka   $27,192,841Sudan   $137,878,835Suriname   $232,672Sweden   $1,269Switzerland   $1,168,960Syria   $916,426,147Tajikistan   $47,789,686Thailand   $68,182,970The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia   $31,755,240Tunisia   $117,490,639Turkey   $154,594,512United Arab Emirates   $1,140,659United Kingdom   $3,877,820United Republic of Tanzania   $628,785,614Uruguay  $836,850Uzbekistan   $20,067,933Venezuela   $9,178,148Vietnam   $157,611,276Yemen   $305,054,784Zimbabwe   $261,181,770",0
9103,LEGENDARY DIRECTOR Shocks Liberal Elites With Comments On Trump Tax Overhaul,"It s a rare occasion when a Hollywood legend defends President Trump. The director of blockbuster hits like  Alien  and  Blade Runner  just came out in support of President Trump s tax overhaul. It s ironic that it was during a presser for his new movie  All the Money in the World . Is he just pandering to audiences who have turned away from Hollywood? Will he be shunned by the Hollywood elites now that he s gone against the grain? After five decades of directing, maybe he s oblivious to any blowback WFB reports:Ridley Scott defended the Republican tax overhaul during an interview about his new film, saying the bill will result in business owners reinvesting and generating economic growth.The topic came up as the legendary movie director spoke to the Denver Post about his latest movie,  All The Money In The World,  which is based on the true story of a kidnapping in Italy in the 1970s. There s a lot [sic] commentary in this film about the value of human life, class struggles and the role of wealth in society,  interviewer John Wenzel said.  Do you think there s anything to be learned from it at this moment in America? Well, let s take the tax bill,  Scott said.  People say (Republicans) are doing it for the wealthy class. What they forget is if you get a clever, un-selfish business person I don t care if it s a corner store or a big business who s suddenly saving 15 percent, they ll put it back in this business. ",0
9104,OOPS! SHEILA JACKSON LEE Called The Woman She Kicked Out of First Class A Racist…Too Bad She Didn’t Know This ONE IMPORTANT Thing About The Passenger,"I noted that this individual came toward me and took a picture. I heard later that she might have said  I know who she is.  Since this was not any fault of mine, the way the individual continued to act appeared to be, upon reflection, because I was an African American woman,  Sheila Jackson Lee (@JacksonLeeTX18) December 26, 2017Via Washington Times:The woman Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee accused of racism is a celebrated photojournalist who helped document human-rights abuses in war-torn Guatemala during the 1980s.Jean-Marie Simon, whose first-class seat on a United Airlines flight was given to Ms. Jackson Lee, Texas Democrat, lived and worked in Guatemala during the turbulent decade that saw the military seize control of the government in a coup. Hundreds of thousands of Guatemalans were killed or  disappeared  during the conflict.Now a teacher, Ms. Simon, 63, is the author of  Guatemala: Eternal Spring Eternal Tyranny.  A 2012 blog post on Amnesty International saidMs. Simon donated 1,000 copies of her book to schools and universities in Guatemala to keep the truth of what happened alive.  [ ]After bartering with Ms. Simon over the amount of the voucher she would receive as compensation, United eventually placed the disgruntled passenger in Economy Plus. The airline has yet to apologize for the incident. I was the last passenger on the plane, Ms. Simon wrote on Facebook.  A Texas congressman, a nice guy, sat down next to me. He said was glad I had made it on the flight. I showed him my boarding pass with my seat, 1A, printed on it. He said,  You know what happened, right? Do you know who s in your seat?  I said no. He told me that it was Jackson Lee, a fellow U.S. congresswoman who regularly does this, that this was the third time he personally had watched her bump a passenger. ",0
9105,NEW YORK GOVERNOR Pardons 18 CONVICTED Illegals Waiting for Deportation…Cut Off Fed Funds Now!,"DEMOCRAT GOVERNOR Andrew Cuomo just pardoned 18 illegals who were facing immigration enforcement actions because of prior criminal charges. He says his pardon was based on their rehabilitation efforts. Cuomo blasted what he called President Trump s  hard-line  immigration efforts. Is following the rule of law a  hard line ?IN SEPTEMBER OF LAST YEAR CUOMO SIGNED AN EXECUTIVE ORDER IGNORING IMMIGRATION LAW?Yesterday New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signed an executive order barring law enforcement officials from inquiring about the citizenship status of suspects during investigations. It would also apply to other state agencies outside of law enforcement in most cases. In other words, rather than just refusing to cooperate with ICE when they seek to deport illegal aliens, Cuomo is raising the bar and basically pretending that we don t even have any immigration laws.IS THIS ABOUT VOTES, VOTES, VOTES? YOU BET IT IS! While the federal government continues to target immigrants and threatens to tear families apart with deportation, these actions take a critical step toward a more just, more fair and more compassionate New York,  Cuomo said in a statement.WE SAY THAT TRUMP SHOULD CUT OFF INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDS!IGNORING CRIMINAL HISTORIES:Among those pardoned Wednesday was Lorena Borjas, 57, who had been convicted of criminal facilitation in 1994 as a result of being a victim of human trafficking. Borjas, a transgender woman from Mexico, has worked as an advocate for the transgender and immigrant communities since her conviction, the governor s office said. Freddy Perez, 53, was convicted of criminal sale of a controlled substance in 1993. Perez, an immigrant from the Dominican Republic, said he hopes to become a U.S. citizen, according to the governor s office.Prior to Wednesday s pardons, Cuomo had issued seven pardons for immigrants in an effort to postpone their deportation, The New York Times reported.Read more: The Hill",0
9106,"CNN’S FAKE NEWS BACKFIRES! CNN Legal Analyst Agrees With Trump On FBI, DOJ: “Off the rails!” [Video]","Hell has frozen over! CNN is actually reporting the truth! CNN legal analyst Paul Callan agrees with the assessment that the FBI and DOJ need to be  purged . They refer to Rep. Rooney s (see below) take that the FBI and DOJ are off the rails:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON REP ROONEY S TAKE ON THE CORRUPT DOJ AND FBI:THIS IS PRICELESS! The video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the FBI and DOJ.When a Republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the FBI and Justice Department, the MSNBC host Hallie Jackson was clearly agitated and shocked: I m very concerned that the DOJ and the FBI, whether you call it deep state or what, are off the rails,  Florida Rep. Francis Rooney stated then cited reasons behind his concern. The anti-Trump bias and the demotion of Bruce Ohr were just two of the examples Rooney gave.Jackson shot back,  Congressman, you just called the FBI and the DOJ off the rails. Something that you re okay with talking about here? How does that not sort of undermine the work that the agencies are doing? I don t want to discredit them. I would like to see the directors of those agencies purge it,  said Rooney.  And say look, we ve got a lot of great agents, a lot of great lawyers here, those are the people that I want the American people to see and know the good works being done, not these people who are kind of the deep state. Jackson responded:  Language like that, Congressman, purge? Purge the Department of Justice? Rooney responded,  Well, I think that Mr. Strzok could be purged, sure. Ms. Jackson might want to read up on the corruption that s been uncovered so far with the FBI and DOJ.",0
9107,WHY THIS Democrat Stronghold County Voted For Trump…And Why They’ll Vote For Him Again: “He’s a fighter…nobody’s gonna push him into a corner” [VIDEO],"AP News  The regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table, the one next to an old box television playing the news on mute.Steven Whitt fires up the coffee pot and flips on the fluorescent sign in the window of the Frosty Freeze, his diner that looks and sounds and smells about the same as it did when it opened a half-century ago. Coffee is 50 cents a cup, refills 25 cents. The pot sits on the counter, and payment is based on the honor system.People like it that way, he thinks. It reminds them of a time before the world seemed to stray away from them, when coal was king and the values of the nation seemed the same as the values here, in God s Country, in this small county isolated in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.Everyone in town comes to his diner for nostalgia and homestyle cooking. And, recently, news reporters come from all over the world to puzzle over politics   because Elliott County, a blue-collar union stronghold, voted for the Democrat in each and every presidential election for its 147-year existence.Until Donald Trump came along and promised to wind back the clock. He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse. There was a new energy about everybody here,  says Whitt. I still see it. Despite the president s dismal approval ratings and lethargic legislative achievements, he remains profoundly popular here in these mountains, a region so badly battered by the collapse of the coal industry it became the symbolic heart of Trump s white working-class base.The frenetic churn of the national news, the ceaseless Twitter taunts, the daily declarations of outrage scroll soundlessly across the bottom of the diner s television screen, rarely registering. When they do, Trump doesn t shoulder the blame   because the allegiance of those here is as emotional as it is economic.It means God, guns, patriotism, saying  Merry Christmas  and not Happy Holidays. It means validation of their indignation about a changing nation: gay marriage and immigration and factories moving overseas. It means tearing down the political system that neglected them again and again in favor of the big cities that feel a world away.On those counts, they believe Trump has delivered, even if his promised blue-collar renaissance has not yet materialized. He s punching at all the people who let them down for so long   the presidential embodiment of their own discontent. He s already done enough to get my vote again, without a doubt, no question,  Wes Lewis, a retired pipefitter and one of Whitt s regulars, declares as he deals the day s first hand of cards.He thinks the mines and the factories will soon roar back to life, and if they don t, he believes they would have if Democrats and Republicans and the media   all  crooked as a barrel of fishhooks    had gotten out of the way. What Lewis has now that he didn t have before Trump is a belief that his president is pulling for people like him. One thing I hear in here a lot is that nobody s gonna push him into a corner,  says Whitt, 35.  He s a fighter. I think they like the bluntness of it. He plops down at an empty table next to the card game, drops a stack of mail onto his lap and begins flipping through the envelopes. Bill, bill, bill,  he reports to his wife, Chesla, who has arrived to relieve him at the restaurant they run together. He needs to run home and change of out his Frosty Freeze uniform, the first of several work ensembles he wears each day, and put on his second, a suit and tie. He also owns a local funeral home and he s the county coroner, elected as a Democrat.The Whitts, like many people here, cobble together a living with a couple jobs each   sometimes working 12 or 15 hours a day   because there aren t many options better than minimum wage. There s the school system, and a prison, and that s pretty much it. Outside of town, population 622, roads wind past rolling farms that used to grow tobacco before that industry crumbled too, then up into the hills of Appalachia, with its spectacular natural beauty and grinding poverty that has come to define this region in the American imagination.Whitt slides a medical bill across the table. Looks like this one is the new helmet,  he says, and his wife tears the envelope open and reports the debt: $3,995. They will add it to a growing pile that s already surpassed $40,000 since their son was born nine months ago with a rare condition. His skull was shaped like an egg, the bones fused together in places they shouldn t be. Tommy, their baby boy with big blue eyes, has now outgrown three of the helmets he s been required to wear after surgery so his bones grow back together like they should.They pay $800 a month for insurance. But when they took their baby to a surgeon in Cincinnati, they learned it was out of network. In-network hospitals offered only more invasive surgeries, so they opted to pay out of pocket. At the hospital they were told that if they d been on an insurance program for the poor, it would have all been free.This represents the cracks in America s institutions that drove Whitt, a lifelong Democrat, from supporting President Barack Obama to buying a  Make America Great Again  cap that he still keeps on top of the hutch. Many of their welfare-dependent neighbors, he believes, stay trapped in a cycle of handouts and poverty while hardworking taxpayers like him and his wife are stuck with the tab and can t get ahead. Where s the fairness in that?  he asks.But Whitt doesn t blame Trump for the failure this year to repeal the health care law and replace it with something better. He blames the  brick wall  in Washington, the politicians he sees as blocking everything Trump proposes while  small people  like them in small places like this are left again to languish.A third of people here live in poverty. Just 9 percent of adults have a college degree, but they always made up for that with backbreaking labor that workers traveled dozens of miles to neighboring counties or states to do, and those jobs have gotten harder to find.Many here blame global trade agreements and the  war on coal    environmental regulations designed by Obama s administration to curb carbon emissions   for the decline of mining and manufacturing jobs. When Trump bemoans the  American carnage  of lost factories and lost faith, it feels like he s talking to the people in these Appalachian hills. When he scraps dozens of regulations to the horror of environmentalists and says it means jobs are on the way, they embrace him.Coal has ticked up since Trump took office; mining companies have added 1,200 jobs across the country since his inauguration, more than 180 of them in Kentucky. But industry analysts say that was tied largely to market forces and dismiss Trump s repeated pledges to resuscitate the coal industry as pie in the sky. Coal has been on the decline for many decades for many reasons outside of regulation: far cheaper natural gas, mechanization, thinning Appalachian seams. With the opposition he s had, I think he s pulling the plow pretty good,  offers Wes Lewis from the card table. A few months ago, he says, he saw four brand-new coal rigs going through town.  For the longest time, under Obama, all we saw were trucks being pulled on wreckers, because people turned belly up, they went broke. Lewis says he s heard about friends of friends being called back to work. He s noticed new trucks in people s driveways, too, which he takes as evidence that his neighbors are feeling confident about their futures. These tiny signs stack up to him as proof. Lewis fishes the tag out of the bib of his overalls:  Made in Mexico,  it reads. Trump s bringing them back,  he says.Lewis, a registered Democrat, trusts Trump because he trusts his values. And because of that, he trusts Trump s other promises   so strongly he can t think of anything that would shake that faith in him. If the factories and mines don t come back, he ll blame the opposition. If there isn t a wall on the Mexico border, he says, it won t be because Trump didn t try. If investigators find his campaign colluded with Russians, it s because so many people are so determined to bring him down.Go HERE to read entire story.",0
9108,CHAIRMAN OF DEMS FOR TRUMP: My Party is Suffering from ‘Trump Derangement’ [Video],"We have to agree that the left is suffering from Trump derangement because just about anything the POTUS does is met with derision from the Democrats. There is no middle ground but only division that continues with the leaders of the left stirring the pot. Think about it. Without the division, the left has nothing Well, the The chairman of Democrats for Trump reacted to repeated calls for the president s impeachment and obstructionist behavior by members of his party. I think it s Trump derangement,  former New York City Council President Andrew Stein said on  Fox & Friends. Ed Henry played video of Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) introducing articles of impeachment and Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) telling a crowd that President Trump s motives and actions  are contemptible. Impeach 45 every day,  she later said.Stein said he doesn t know why his fellow Democrats think Trump is a  bad guy. Stein thinks President Trump should just continue to take his message to the people. We have to agree that the president needs to go around the lying media to deliver his message.The latest example of lying from the media is the poor treatment of First Lady Melania Trump. The media bombarded Melania with fake news about a tree that needed to be cut down. The press made it seem like  evil  Melania demanded that the tree be removed. In reality, the 200-year old tree had become a hazard. The media conveniently left that part out.Via Fox News Insider: ",0
9109,HOUSE INTEL Slaps Subpoenas on McCain Institute Associate Involved in “Trump Dirty Dossier” Sources,"Please see our previous report below on the McCain Institute associate who has now been subpoenaed by the House Intel Committee. David J. Kramer was in hot water before for the same reason the Intel Committee is now issuing a subpoena:He was previously subpoenaed by the lawyers for a Russian tech executive suing BuzzFeed. The guy just refuses to give out any information on sources for the  dirty  dossier. This raises the question of if there were sources that were fictional and were used just to build a fake case against Trump. President Trump just tweeted out that the dossier is a  pile of garbage . Could it be that this  pile of garbage  was used to make the case for a FISA warrant to spy on POTUS  The plot thickens on this one The Daily Caller reports: The House Intelligence Committee has issued a subpoena for an associate of Arizona Sen. John McCain s who revealed last week that he knows the names of the Russian sources used in former British spy Christopher Steele s infamous dossier.A congressional source tells The Daily Caller that California Rep. Devin Nunes issued the subpoena on Wednesday for David J. Kramer, a former State Department official.Kramer refused to divulge the names of Steele s sources during a Dec. 19 interview with the panel, the source says.Steele used Russian sources to gather information on the Trump campaign and Donald Trump s activities in Russia. The ex-spy was working for Fusion GPS, an opposition research firm that was on the payroll of the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE MCCAIN ASSOCIATE WHO REFUSED TO SPILL THE BEANS: Lawyers for a Russian tech executive suing BuzzFeed for publishing the Steele dossier say that a longtime associate of Arizona Sen. John McCain and two major news outlets are resisting subpoenas seeking their depositions for the case.In a brief filed in federal court late Wednesday, lawyers for the executive, Aleksej Gubarev, claim that David Kramer (pictured below), a former State Department official and McCain associate,  has been seemingly avoiding service  of a deposition subpoena for weeks.Please see the very curious input Reason.com put out just this July regarding Kramer s involvement in the Steele dossier getting into the hands of the press. And The New York Times and Wall Street Journal are challenging deposition subpoenas they have been served as part of the case.Gubarev s lawyers are attempting to find out who gave BuzzFeed the salacious dossier, which the website published to much controversy on Jan. 10.The dossier, written by former British spy Christopher Steele, alleges that Gubarev and his companies, XBT Holdings and Webzilla, used spam, viruses and porn bots to hack into DNC computer systems. Gubarev vehemently denies the allegations.Gubarev s attorneys say that identifying BuzzFeed s source could shed light on whether the news outlet was warned that information in the dossier could be false. They argue that publishing the dossier despite such warnings would show  reckless disregard for the truth or falsity of the information published. BuzzFeed has defended its decision to publish the dossier, which was financed by the Clinton campaign and DNC and commissioned by opposition research firm Fusion GPS. It is also resisting demands from Gubarev s team to identify its dossier source on the grounds that it would violate its First Amendment protections as a news-gathering organization.Via: Daily CallerReason had this to say on July 16th on the mystery surrounding how the fake dossier got into the hands of Buzzfeed:Did John McCain and a controversial D.C. lobbying group conspire to get the infamous  pee dossier  into the hands of the press?A lawsuit making its way through court in the UK hopes to determine just what role the senator and his associates had in making the lurid dossier public.New filings in the lawsuit, obtained by McClatchy, detail how David Kramer employed by the nonprofit and purportedly non-political McCain Institute acted as a representative of McCain in the Arizona senator s dealings on sensitive intelligence measures:According to a new court document in the British lawsuit, counsel for defendants Steele and Orbis repeatedly point to McCain, R-Ariz., a vocal Trump critic, and a former State Department official as two in a handful of people known to have had copies of the full document before it circulated among journalists and was published by BuzzFeed. Read more: McClatchyIt also reveals that McCain was one of a just few people with whom the dossier s author, ex-British spy Christopher Steele, shared a copy of his final findings. So how did they get from there to publication in Buzzfeed?THE PLOT THICKENS!",0
9110,"REMEMBER “Pam” From “The Office”? The Real-Life Actress, Jenna Fischer, Just Got CALLED OUT On Twitter For Using Bad Information To Bash Trump’s Tax Bill","Jenna Fischer is best known for playing the very likeable character,  Pam , in the hit series  The Office . Actress Jenna Fischer decided to use her huge fan base of over 750,000 followers on Twitter to point out how the GOP Tax bill that President Trump worked so hard to push through was punishing teachers. The only problem is, Fischer s tweet was incorrect.Maybe she should stick to comedy.Actress Jenna Fischer, best known for her role as Pam on NBC s  The Office,  found herself in hot water after she shared inaccurate information about the GOP tax bill on Twitter. I can t stop thinking about how school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes something they shouldn t have to pay for with their own money in the first place. I mean, imagine if nurses had to go buy their own syringes. #ugh,  Fisher tweeted on Saturday.After Fischer got destroyed on Twitter for posting bad information, she DELETED her tweet.Twitter users were quick to point out that Fischer was misinformed; the $250 school supplies deduction was included in the bill.Please don't spread half-truths! Teachers will still have up to a $250 deduction for supplies with the new plan! It's not enough but it is still something.  Matt Campbell (@mcampbell77) December 23, 2017The 43-year-old followed up her tweet writing,  It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn t have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers. It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn't have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 24, 2017However, the actress was still incorrect and the Twitterverse was more than happy to correct her.  Fox NewsThis tweet is 100% wrong, because the final bill KEPT this deduction, but 14,000 RT s later  https://t.co/nanRynSOWu  Matt Rossetto (@mdrossetto) December 24, 2017It s been $250 for years. Nothing changed.  Jason Ensley (@JasonKensley) December 24, 2017To her credit, Fischer admitted she was wrong and even made a formal apology on Twitter for posting information that was not accurate about the GOP tax bill.Thanks for your tweets! I had some facts wrong. Teachers surveyed by Scholastic in 2016 personally spent an average of $530 on school supplies for students. Teachers who worked at high-poverty schools spent an average of $672. The tax deduction was capped at $250.  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 25, 2017I've deleted a tweet and would like to issue an apology. Please read and re-tweet to help me spread the word! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/R6CNyn4bVV  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 27, 2017This isn t the first time actress Jenna Fischer expressed his dislike for President Trump and his policies. On November 30, Fischer attempted to capitalize on the anger her followers may have had about two Britain First videos that President Trump re-tweeted, by asking them to donate to Miry s List, a group who welcomes refugee families to America.If you were upset by the President's tweets yesterday, please consider making a small donation to Miry's List   they are trying to raise $75,000 to welcome 100 refugee families by the end of the year. They do good work and I'm proud to support them. https://t.co/XuIrMr5uGW  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) November 30, 2017 ",0
9111,SARAH SANDERS…She Doesn’t Have Time For THIS! [Video],"Sarah Sanders is great at getting the White House Press Corps to hurry it up The Supercut below shows the tactics used by this superstar to keep the wild press in line:Go Sarah!ONE OF OUR ALL TIME FAVORITES WAS A RARE OCCASION WHEN SARAH WASN T  FINISHED :Sarah Huckabee Sanders was hot today when she went off on CNN s Jim Acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. Jim Acosta also would not be quiet so Sanders had to get loud and forceful:  I m not finished  Sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose There is a big difference. There s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the American people something that happens regularly.    Sarah Huckabee SandersFox News Insider reports:White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders battled CNN reporter Jim Acosta, accusing the mainstream media of  purposefully  putting out false information.As he began a question, Acosta told Sanders at Monday s press briefing that journalists make  honest mistakes  and that doesn t mean it s  fake news. Sanders started to answer but Acosta and another reported interjected. I m sorry. I m not finished!  she countered. There s a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,  she shot back.Acosta asked for an example of a story that was  intentionally false  and meant to mislead Americans.Sanders called out the false report by ABC News  Brian Ross on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which earned Ross a four-week suspension.She called it  very telling  that Ross was suspended. Acosta kept pushing Sanders to let him ask his original question about allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump, but she refused.",0
9112,SAY WHAT? PROSECUTORS Claim Convicted ISLAMIC TERRORIST Used His LAPTOP and Jihadi Materials To Radicalize Fellow Prisoners In NY Prison,"According to The Sun, George W. Bush  successor, Barack Obama, promised to close the camp in 2009, calling it a  sad chapter in American history .But he faced strong opposition from Congress and succeeded only in reducing the number of inmates from 245 to around 40, as detainees were either freed or transferred to other countries.Since his election in 2016, Donald Trump has vowed to keep the prison open and use it to detain  bad dudes .He has also stated he would happily use torture against inmates.He said:  I would bring back waterboarding, and I d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding  Don t tell me it doesn t work torture works  if it doesn t work, they deserve it anyway, for what they re doing to us. We have to fight fire with fire. According to CNN, the man convicted in the 2016 bombing in New York s Chelsea neighborhood that injured 30 people has been trying to radicalize other inmates, federal prosecutors say.Ahmad Khan Rahimi also told a judge he is on a hunger strike.Rahimi provided inmates with copies of terrorist propaganda and jihadist materials, including speeches by Osama Bin Laden and the late militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, bomb-making instructions, books on jihad and issues of the al Qaeda-backed magazine Inspire, prosecutors said.Rahimi  has been attempting to radicalize fellow inmates in the Metropolitan Correction Center by, among other things, distributing propaganda and publications issued by terrorist organizations,  according to a letter from Acting U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim to US District Judge Richard Berman.Rahimi let other inmates view the items on his laptop and gave them electronic copies, Kim s letter said. Discs of the materials were found in two inmates  possession.Defense attorneys for Rahimi have yet to respond to the allegations.Prosecutors said Rahimi began distributing these materials in October if not earlier. Rahimi was convicted October 16 on eight federal charges in connection with the Chelsea bombing.Among the inmates Rahimi gave the materials to, prosecutors say, is Sajmir Alimehmeti, who is scheduled to go on trial next month on terrorism-related charges.Rahimi was arrested and charged after a pressure cooker bomb went off in New York s Chelsea neighborhood on September 17, 2016. A second pressure cooker bomb was found a few blocks away, on 27th Street, but didn t detonate.Earlier the same day, a bomb went off near the start of a Marine Corps charity run in Seaside Park, New Jersey.After a two-week trial and roughly four hours of jury deliberation, Rahimi was convicted of charges including the use and attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, bombing a public place, destroying property by means of fire or explosives, and using a destructive device in furtherance of a crime of violence.During the trial, the prosecution presented evidence   including DNA and fingerprints   linking Rahimi to the bombs that were placed in New Jersey and New York.Rahimi faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison, according to an earlier statement from Kim.Rahimi faces separate charges in other jurisdictions in connection with the bomb that went off in Seaside Park, a backpack containing improvised explosive devices found the following day at a transit station in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and a shootout he had with police before being taken into custody.",0
9113,ISRAEL WILL NAME New Train Station Near Western Wall After President Donald Trump,"Israel s transportation minister is pushing ahead with a plan to extend Jerusalem s soon-to-open high-speed rail line to the Western Wall, where he wants to name a future station after President Donald Trump. The Western Wall is the holiest place for the Jewish people, and I decided to name the train station that leads to it after president Trump   following his historic and brave decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel,  Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz told the Jerusalem Post.The national daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth was first to report Tuesday that Katz had approved final construction plans for the train, which will include excavating a 2-mile tunnel from the Umma (nation) station at the entrance to the city to the Cardo in the Jewish Quarter.The route will take travelers through downtown Jerusalem and under the politically and historically sensitive Old City. The Western Wall is the holiest site where Jews can pray.Transportation Ministry spokesman Avner Ovadia said Wednesday the project is estimated to cost more than $700 million and, if approved, would take four years to complete.Katz s office said in a statement that the minister advanced the plan in a recent meeting with Israel Railways executives, and has fast-tracked it in the planning committees.Katz said a high-speed rail station would allow visitors to reach  the beating heart of the Jewish people   the Western Wall and the Temple Mount. Donald Trump: It s time to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.Trump s announcement acknowledging Jerusalem as Israel s capital   and his pledge to move America s embassy there   enraged Palestinians and much of the Muslim world.The United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution last week rejecting the U.S. s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, with several traditional American allies voting in favor of the motion.The Western Wall train proposal will likely face opposition from the international community, which doesn t recognize Israeli sovereignty over east Jerusalem and the Old City, which Israel captured in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed. ThePalestinians seek east Jerusalem and the Old City, home to Muslim, Christian and Jewish holy sites, as capital of a future state.  Daily Mail ",0
9114,"WHY THIS BLUE-COLLAR DEMOCRAT STRONGHOLD County Is Still Fighting For Trump: “He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse” [VIDEO]","AP News  The regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table, the one next to an old box television playing the news on mute.Steven Whitt fires up the coffee pot and flips on the fluorescent sign in the window of the Frosty Freeze, his diner that looks and sounds and smells about the same as it did when it opened a half-century ago. Coffee is 50 cents a cup, refills 25 cents. The pot sits on the counter, and payment is based on the honor system.People like it that way, he thinks. It reminds them of a time before the world seemed to stray away from them, when coal was king and the values of the nation seemed the same as the values here, in God s Country, in this small county isolated in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.Everyone in town comes to his diner for nostalgia and homestyle cooking. And, recently, news reporters come from all over the world to puzzle over politics   because Elliott County, a blue-collar union stronghold, voted for the Democrat in each and every presidential election for its 147-year existence.Until Donald Trump came along and promised to wind back the clock. He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse. There was a new energy about everybody here,  says Whitt. I still see it. Despite the president s dismal approval ratings and lethargic legislative achievements, he remains profoundly popular here in these mountains, a region so badly battered by the collapse of the coal industry it became the symbolic heart of Trump s white working-class base.The frenetic churn of the national news, the ceaseless Twitter taunts, the daily declarations of outrage scroll soundlessly across the bottom of the diner s television screen, rarely registering. When they do, Trump doesn t shoulder the blame   because the allegiance of those here is as emotional as it is economic.It means God, guns, patriotism, saying  Merry Christmas  and not Happy Holidays. It means validation of their indignation about a changing nation: gay marriage and immigration and factories moving overseas. It means tearing down the political system that neglected them again and again in favor of the big cities that feel a world away.On those counts, they believe Trump has delivered, even if his promised blue-collar renaissance has not yet materialized. He s punching at all the people who let them down for so long   the presidential embodiment of their own discontent. He s already done enough to get my vote again, without a doubt, no question,  Wes Lewis, a retired pipefitter and one of Whitt s regulars, declares as he deals the day s first hand of cards.He thinks the mines and the factories will soon roar back to life, and if they don t, he believes they would have if Democrats and Republicans and the media   all  crooked as a barrel of fishhooks    had gotten out of the way. What Lewis has now that he didn t have before Trump is a belief that his president is pulling for people like him. One thing I hear in here a lot is that nobody s gonna push him into a corner,  says Whitt, 35.  He s a fighter. I think they like the bluntness of it. He plops down at an empty table next to the card game, drops a stack of mail onto his lap and begins flipping through the envelopes. Bill, bill, bill,  he reports to his wife, Chesla, who has arrived to relieve him at the restaurant they run together. He needs to run home and change of out his Frosty Freeze uniform, the first of several work ensembles he wears each day, and put on his second, a suit and tie. He also owns a local funeral home and he s the county coroner, elected as a Democrat.The Whitts, like many people here, cobble together a living with a couple jobs each   sometimes working 12 or 15 hours a day   because there aren t many options better than minimum wage. There s the school system, and a prison, and that s pretty much it. Outside of town, population 622, roads wind past rolling farms that used to grow tobacco before that industry crumbled too, then up into the hills of Appalachia, with its spectacular natural beauty and grinding poverty that has come to define this region in the American imagination.Whitt slides a medical bill across the table. Looks like this one is the new helmet,  he says, and his wife tears the envelope open and reports the debt: $3,995. They will add it to a growing pile that s already surpassed $40,000 since their son was born nine months ago with a rare condition. His skull was shaped like an egg, the bones fused together in places they shouldn t be. Tommy, their baby boy with big blue eyes, has now outgrown three of the helmets he s been required to wear after surgery so his bones grow back together like they should.They pay $800 a month for insurance. But when they took their baby to a surgeon in Cincinnati, they learned it was out of network. In-network hospitals offered only more invasive surgeries, so they opted to pay out of pocket. At the hospital they were told that if they d been on an insurance program for the poor, it would have all been free.This represents the cracks in America s institutions that drove Whitt, a lifelong Democrat, from supporting President Barack Obama to buying a  Make America Great Again  cap that he still keeps on top of the hutch. Many of their welfare-dependent neighbors, he believes, stay trapped in a cycle of handouts and poverty while hardworking taxpayers like him and his wife are stuck with the tab and can t get ahead. Where s the fairness in that?  he asks.But Whitt doesn t blame Trump for the failure this year to repeal the health care law and replace it with something better. He blames the  brick wall  in Washington, the politicians he sees as blocking everything Trump proposes while  small people  like them in small places like this are left again to languish.A third of people here live in poverty. Just 9 percent of adults have a college degree, but they always made up for that with backbreaking labor that workers traveled dozens of miles to neighboring counties or states to do, and those jobs have gotten harder to find.Many here blame global trade agreements and the  war on coal    environmental regulations designed by Obama s administration to curb carbon emissions   for the decline of mining and manufacturing jobs. When Trump bemoans the  American carnage  of lost factories and lost faith, it feels like he s talking to the people in these Appalachian hills. When he scraps dozens of regulations to the horror of environmentalists and says it means jobs are on the way, they embrace him.Coal has ticked up since Trump took office; mining companies have added 1,200 jobs across the country since his inauguration, more than 180 of them in Kentucky. But industry analysts say that was tied largely to market forces and dismiss Trump s repeated pledges to resuscitate the coal industry as pie in the sky. Coal has been on the decline for many decades for many reasons outside of regulation: far cheaper natural gas, mechanization, thinning Appalachian seams. With the opposition he s had, I think he s pulling the plow pretty good,  offers Wes Lewis from the card table. A few months ago, he says, he saw four brand-new coal rigs going through town.  For the longest time, under Obama, all we saw were trucks being pulled on wreckers, because people turned belly up, they went broke. Lewis says he s heard about friends of friends being called back to work. He s noticed new trucks in people s driveways, too, which he takes as evidence that his neighbors are feeling confident about their futures. These tiny signs stack up to him as proof. Lewis fishes the tag out of the bib of his overalls:  Made in Mexico,  it reads. Trump s bringing them back,  he says.Lewis, a registered Democrat, trusts Trump because he trusts his values. And because of that, he trusts Trump s other promises   so strongly he can t think of anything that would shake that faith in him. If the factories and mines don t come back, he ll blame the opposition. If there isn t a wall on the Mexico border, he says, it won t be because Trump didn t try. If investigators find his campaign colluded with Russians, it s because so many people are so determined to bring him down.Go HERE to read entire story.",0
9115,“ENTITLED” DEM REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE Has Been Taking Advantage Of Her “Public Servant” Status On Airplanes For Decades: “Don’t you know who I am?…Where is my seafood meal?”,"Jean-Marie Simon, a passenger on a United Airlines flight from Houston to Washington D.C. has accused United Airlines of giving her first-class seat to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee. D-Houston.  When the flight attendant saw her taking a picture of the congresswoman who was seated in her front row, first-class seat, she threatened to remove her from the plane.Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) in seat 1A the one I paid for dearly, and the one United gave to her without my consent or knowledge! Fellow congressman on same flight said she does it repeatedly. @united pic.twitter.com/Q2c6u6B0Yp  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 23, 2017A mechanical problem with the plane delayed take-off and after about 50 minutes, she said, passengers were invited to consult with a gate agent about alternative flights.Simon said she went to the front and snapped a photo of Jackson Lee and told a flight attendant that she knew why she d been bumped.In her statement, Jackson Lee said she overheard Simon speaking with an African-American flight attendant and saw her snap the photo.JACKSON LEE PULLS THE RACE CARD: Since this was not any fault of mine, the way the individual continued to act appeared to be, upon reflection, because I was an African American woman, seemingly an easy target along with the African American flight attendant who was very, very nice,  Jackson Lee said in the statement.  This saddens me, especially at this time of year given all of the things we have to work on to help people. But in the spirit of this season and out of the sincerity of my heart, if it is perceived that I had anything to do with this, I am kind enough to simply say sorry. Simon said Jackson Lee s statement accused her of racism, adding:  I had no idea who was in my seat when I complained at the gate that my seat had been given to someone else,  she said.  There is no way you can see who is in a seat from inside the terminal. It was just so completely humiliating,  said Jean-Marie Simon, a 63-year-old attorney and private school teacher who used 140,000 miles on Dec. 3 to purchase the first-class tickets to take her from Washington D.C. to Guatemala and back home.According to True Pundit   The Democrat has developed a reputation for making life hell for any clerk, stewardess, or pilot unwilling or unable to make her three-and-a-half-hour flight anything less than glamorous. She takes advantage of federal travel perks to book multiple flights (only to cancel at the last minute and at no charge). She demands an upgrade to premier seats. She expects, in her words,  to be treated like a queen. Sometimes it gets ugly. For instance, when one peasant of a flight attendant failed to serve the food Jackson Lee requested, the congresswoman went wild.  Don t you know who I am?  she reportedly shrieked.  I m Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee. Where is my seafood meal? I know it was ordered! That inflight incident was in 1998, and Jackson Lee has only increased in seniority since. She sits on the Committee on Homeland Security and she serves as the ranking member of the subcommittee on transportation security, no doubt, giving her, even more, sway over the airlines and even more of a reason to feel entitled.When accused of taking an ill-gotten first-class seat, Jackson Lee was adamant she didn t do anything wrong. It s just the way she expects to be treated.  I asked for nothing exceptional or out of the ordinary and received nothing exceptional or out of the ordinary,  the congresswoman said in a statement.  True Pundit",0
9116,WHY FINAL “Sunday Night Football” Game Was Canceled… Is Low Attendance The Reason?,"The NFL announced Tuesday that the final  Sunday Night Football  game of the season has been canceled Was it due to low attendance in previous weeks? Well, it s part of the reason. Low attendance has been plaguing the league since the kneeling controversy took hold.Recently, a liberal news source tried to downplay the boycott from NFL fans by citing injuries from key star athletes in the NFL as the reason for low interest in games.  We think the kneeling controversy has more to do with the lack of interest in games. It s being reported that the attendance is down 9% from last year:We ve seen stadiums with hundreds of empty seats along with low viewership.There are a few other reasons why the game was canceled but low attendance was certainly part of it:Daily Caller reports:The league had yet to announce who would play during the primetime game next Sunday, but with the chance that none of the matchups would have playoff implications for one or both of the teams, they opted not to schedule the game.NEW YEAR S EVE:The other problem the league faced was broadcasting a game on New Year s Eve, which would invite lower number of viewers traditionally on that night. We felt that both from a competitive standpoint and from a fan perspective, the most fair thing to do is to schedule all Week 17 games in either the 1 p.m. or 4:25 p.m. windows,  NFL broadcast chief Howard Katz said in a statement.The last time a  Sunday Night Football  game took place on the final night of the year was in 2006 when the Chicago Bears hosted the Green Bay Packers. That game was Hall of Fame member Brett Favre s final game with the Packers. Despite that fact, the game only drew 13.4 million viewers, which for that season was a quarter of the typical audience for  SNF. In a season plagued with lower ratings due to the national anthem protests, the league s decision was not surprising.",0
9117,FLASHBACK: CNN HOST Concerned Working Americans “Are Going To Vote For Donald Trump Again” After Getting Bonuses and Pay Raises,"CNN s Allyson Camerota expressed her concern about how the tax breaks for Americans will harm the Democrats chances of winning in the mid-term elections with Michigan s Democrat Congresswoman Debbie Dingell.Camerota appeared somewhat panicked, as she started out her segment whining to Dingell about bonuses and pay raises that Americans will receive as a result of Trump s GOP tax bill:  Just, ever since the tax reform was announced, or the tax overhaul, or whatever you want to call it, there have been this whole slew of companies that have come forward and saying,  Guess what? We re going to give out bonuses, now, to our employees.  I mean, I have just a partial list in front of me, and there s nine companies on here from AT&T, to Boeing, to Comcast, Bank of America, Sinclair, Wells Fargo, PNC. There s all sorts of companies that say they re going to give something to a thousand dollars worth of bonuses to their hundreds of thousands of employees. Fifth Bank Corp is gonna boost the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Obviously, they could have done this before the tax overhaul was announced. They were sitting on profits. But they didn t, they did it when the tax overhaul was announced. And I m wondering if you, as a Democrat are you worried about the wind in their sails? People vote with their pocketbooks. I don t have to tell you this. So if you get a thousand dollar bonus, you re voting for Donald Trump again. Although Rep. Debbie Dingell (D-MI) voted against the tax cut bill, she smartly responded to Camerota s question by saying that she s  never going to complain that any working man or woman will get an extra boost in their, uh, income.  Dingell then told Camerota that at some point a lot of people are still going to see a tax increase at some point. Camerota interrupted her to say,  Years from now Years from now! Well after the mid-terms. So couldn t this carry Republicans through the mid-terms? RT @RealSaavedra: CNN ""journalist"" Allisyn Camerota frets over how many businesses are giving back to their employees as a result of the tax cuts and worries it may help GOP. #TheFive #Tucker #SpecialReport pic.twitter.com/xUHXHHJ8wk  Tosca Austen (@ToscaAusten) December 26, 2017Businesses and major corporations tweeted about bonuses and pay raises they would be giving their employees as a direct result of Trump s GOP tax reform bill that was passed without a single Democrat vote:Here is AT&T s full statement: Boening announced on Twitter that a $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future:#Boeing announces $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of #TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future. pic.twitter.com/ZNawbAW7AY  The Boeing Company (@Boeing) December 20, 2017",0
9118,SHAME! SENATE QUIETLY RELEASES New Report Revealing Tax Dollars Spent Settling Harassment Claims,"The Senate waited until Christmas to quietly release a report on how much was dolled out to settle workplace harassment claims. Remember that you never approved this and they used YOUR money to make the payments to accusers. The amount is $1.5 million. This needs to end. The Senators  should pay for this on their own. It s just too easy to settle using someone else s money YOUR money!Via Daily Caller: As the Christmas holiday weekend set in, the Senate Rules and Administration Committee released a report revealing the Senate has spent $1.5 million on workplace harassment settlements since 1998.The data, provided by the Office of Compliance, a little known administrative body that has quietly settled dozens of complaints against congressional offices, provides little by way of details, beyond an itemized list of violations and the corresponding settlement.GOP Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama, who chairs the Rules Committee, said further particulars cannot be made public, in order to respect the confidentiality afforded to victims.Because we paid for these settlements, should we not have a right to know? What do you think?",0
9119,PRICELESS! WATCH MSNBC HOST’S Shocked Response When GOP Lawmaker Calls For “Purge” of “Deep State” FBI and DOJ,"THIS IS PRICELESS! The video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the FBI and DOJ.When a Republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the FBI and Justice Department, the MSNBC host Hallie Jackson was clearly agitated and shocked: I m very concerned that the DOJ and the FBI, whether you call it deep state or what, are off the rails,  Florida Rep. Francis Rooney stated then cited reasons behind his concern. The anti-Trump bias and the demotion of Bruce Ohr were just two of the examples Rooney gave.Jackson shot back,  Congressman, you just called the FBI and the DOJ off the rails. Something that you re okay with talking about here? How does that not sort of undermine the work that the agencies are doing? I don t want to discredit them. I would like to see the directors of those agencies purge it,  said Rooney.  And say look, we ve got a lot of great agents, a lot of great lawyers here, those are the people that I want the American people to see and know the good works being done, not these people who are kind of the deep state. Jackson responded:  Language like that, Congressman, purge? Purge the Department of Justice? Rooney responded,  Well, I think that Mr. Strzok could be purged, sure. Ms. Jackson might want to read up on the corruption that s been uncovered so far with the FBI and DOJ.",0
9120,MEDIA IGNORES TRUMP’S FIRST Record-Breaking Christmas Season…Retail Sales Of $600 BILLION: “This is literally the best season since before the recession”,"The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017CBS News reported on the retailer s record-breaking holiday season without ever mentioning President Trump:Total retail sales this holiday season added up to a record $598 billion dollars   up $33 billion from last year.Not surprisingly, the AP also failed to mention President Trump: Experts have issued rosy forecasts for the season. Shoppers seemed to be in the mood with unemployment at a 17-year low and consumer sentiment at its highest level since 2000. Shoppers have been spending at a pace not seen since the Great Recession, says Craig Johnson, president of retail consulting group Customer Growth Partners. The Wall Street Journal reported sales were up for retailers like Macy s and Wal-Mart. The Wall Street Journal even mentioned that spending was up in all income categories, as shoppers were encouraged by rising wages and low unemployment, but failed to attribute any of the retailer s success to President mention Trump:Retailers are enjoying some extra Christmas cheer.Fueled by high consumer confidence and a robust job market, U.S. retail sales in the holiday period rose at their best pace since 2011, according to Mastercard SpendingPulse, which tracks both online and in-store spending.Sales, excluding automobiles, rose 4.9% from Nov. 1 through Christmas, compared with a 3.7% gain in the same period last year, according to the Mastercard Inc. unit, which tracks all forms of payment. E-commerce continued to drive the gains, rising 18.1%. Overall, this year was a big win for retail,  Ms. Quinlan said.That newfound buoyancy is a relief to retailers from department-store giants like Macy s Inc. to mall favorites like Gap Inc. that struggled through a difficult year of store closures, declining foot traffic and bankruptcies by chains including the Sports Authority, Toys  R  Us and Payless Shoes.Investors, who have abandoned many retail stocks even as the broader stock market surged, have started to return. Shares of Macy s and Gap, for example, have jumped 24% and 18%, respectively, in the past month, compared with a 3% gain in the S&P 500. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has rallied 40% on the year and, like online nemesis Amazon.com Inc., is trading near all-time highs. Unlike in past years, when spending was driven by high-income shoppers, this holiday season a broader swath of the population opened their wallets, encouraged by rising wages and low unemployment, analysts and economists said. Fewer people are living paycheck to paycheck,  said Chris Christopher, executive director of economic-research firm IHS Markit.  There is a lot more spending from the lower- and middle-income groups, while the upper-income groups are splurging. Fox Business News reported the amazing Christmas season sales, but neglected to mention President Trump s positive effect on the economy:Retailers are finally enjoying some Christmas cheer.Fueled by high consumer confidence and a robust job market, U.S. retail sales in the holiday period rose at their best pace since 2011, according to Mastercard SpendingPulse, which tracks both online and in-store spending.Sales, excluding automobiles, rose 4.9% from Nov. 1 through Christmas Eve, compared with a 3.7% gain in the same period last year, according to the Mastercard Inc. unit, which tracks all forms of payment. E-commerce continued to drive the gains, rising 18.1%. It started with a bang in the week leading up to Black Friday,  said Sarah Quinlan, a senior vice president of marketing insights at Mastercard. She added that retailers benefited this year from Christmas Day falling on a Monday, giving shoppers a full weekend to scoop up last-minute purchases. Dec. 23 ranked next to Black Friday in terms of spending, according to Mastercard.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
9121,REP SHEILA JACKSON LEE Suggests First Class Customer Is A Racist For Complaining About Being Bumped To Back Of Plane By United Airlines To Give Lee Her Seat…Customer Claims Apology Never Happened: “United has NOT apologized to me”,"Jean-Marie Simon was a passenger on a flight from Houston to Washington D.C. and has accused United Airlines of giving her first-class seat to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee. D-Houston. The flight attendant threatened to remove her from the plane for complaining and snapping a photo of the Houston congresswoman:Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) in seat 1A the one I paid for dearly, and the one United gave to her without my consent or knowledge! Fellow congressman on same flight said she does it repeatedly. @united pic.twitter.com/Q2c6u6B0Yp  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 23, 2017A mechanical problem with the plane delayed take-off and after about 50 minutes, she said, passengers were invited to consult with a gate agent about alternative flights.Simon said she went to the front and snapped a photo of Jackson Lee and told a flight attendant that she knew why she d been bumped.In her statement, Jackson Lee said she overheard Simon speaking with an African-American flight attendant and saw her snap the photo.JACKSON LEE PULLS THE RACE CARD: Since this was not any fault of mine, the way the individual continued to act appeared to be, upon reflection, because I was an African American woman, seemingly an easy target along with the African American flight attendant who was very, very nice,  Jackson Lee said in the statement.  This saddens me, especially at this time of year given all of the things we have to work on to help people. But in the spirit of this season and out of the sincerity of my heart, if it is perceived that I had anything to do with this, I am kind enough to simply say sorry. Simon said Jackson Lee s statement accused her of racism, adding:  I had no idea who was in my seat when I complained at the gate that my seat had been given to someone else,  she said.  There is no way you can see who is in a seat from inside the terminal. PASSENGER THREATENED?About five minutes after Simon took the photo on the plane, Simon said, another flight attendant sat next her and asked if she  was going to be a problem. Simon said she replied that she just wanted to go home.IS THE $500 VOUCHER EVIDENCE OF WRONGDOING BY THE AIRLINE? WHAT HAPPENED WHEN SIMON ARRIVED AT THE GATE: It was just so completely humiliating,  said Jean-Marie Simon, a 63-year-old attorney and private school teacher who used 140,000 miles on Dec. 3 to purchase the first-class tickets to take her from Washington D.C. to Guatemala and back home.When Simon asked for the same free meal/beverage privileges that she would have received in first class in addition to her lousy $500 voucher, she claims the gate agent mocked her, saying:  And I want a Mercedes Benz, but I m not going to get it. Gate agent wanted originally to give me $300. I've seen people get twice that for voluntarily giving up seat on overbooked flights. When I asked for free meal/bev., gate agent said, ""And I want a Mercedes Benz, but I'm not going to get it."" https://t.co/cYPg5m9WBT  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 24, 2017When it came time to board the last leg of her flight home from George Bush Intercontinental Airport on Dec. 18, after a roughly hour-long weather delay, Simon said the gate attendant scanned her paper ticket and told her it was not in the system.Did you cancel your flight?, the attendant asked. No,  she said she replied.  I just want to go home. Her seat, 1A, was taken, she was told. Simon was given a $500 voucher and reseated in row 11, Economy Plus.Simon later learned that Jackson Lee was in her pre-purchased seat and has alleged that the congresswoman received preferential treatment, which United denies.This law professor suggests that the House Ethics Committee should investigate if Texas Democrat Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee pressured the airlines to get her first class seat.The questions for House Ethics Committee should be (1) what pressure might have brought by @JacksonLeeTX18 to get 1st class seat and (2) what @United did to accommodate her. Better put @United under oath; claims that @JeanMarieSimon1 canceled own reservation unbelievable. https://t.co/pdXoRBG11A  Kenneth Anderson (@kennethanderson) December 24, 2017According to several major news sources who are using an AP source, United Airlines apologized for their  mistake . Simon has called them all out, demanding that they correct their story:  United has NOT apologized to me. United has NOT apologized to me. On Dec. 23, a low level employee at call center said he was sorry on phone. Voucher I received was United's idea of compensation for cancelling my flight and given it to Ms. Jackson Lee. Please correct your story. @sfchronicle @united @AP  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 26, 2017Simon is demanding that these sources correct their story to reflect that United Airlines did not apologize to her:SFC + NYP articles claim ""apology"" from United and $500 as apology wrong. United phone agent apologized, no apology from corporate United. $500 voucher was from exasperated gate agent who originally offered $300 and gave me ultimatum to take the $500 or have plane leave w/o me.  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 26, 2017",0
9122,HILLARY’S UNUSED VICTORY PARTY Confetti Turned Into Aspen “Art”…Proceeds Go To Planned Parenthood [Video],"While leading Democrats wish Hillary would just go away, some of her supporters are still wallowing in her 2016 election loss:Longtime Hillary Clinton supporter Bunny Burson is transforming the unused election night confetti from Clinton s humiliating defeat to Donald Trump last November into  something special .HILLARY ISN T THE ONLY ONE THAT S DELUSIONAL ABOUT HER LOSS AND STILL I RISE ???The Colorado woman and her husband Charles attended Clinton s party in New York on election night to witness the first female candidate for a major political party  shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling,  Burson told The Aspen Times.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));And Still I RiseThe nationally recognized works of Bunny and Charles Burson will be on display over the next month with a FREE gallery opening event tomorrow night to go along with our Holiday Open House. Don't miss it!You can hear more about the exhibition from the PRI interview below:https://www.pri.org/stories/2017-11-02/searching-hillary-clinton-s-unused-confettiSpecial thanks to:MILCKAtlantic RecordsGabe GreenbergKiku Obata & CompanyLaurent TornoDieu DonnePosted by Anderson Ranch Arts Center on Monday, December 18, 2017When that didn t happen, she came up with another idea for 200 pounds of Clinton confetti that went unused: to encase it glass snow globes with a metal placard inside that reads  And Still I Rise    a reference to a Maya Angelou poem of the same name.Bunny Burson made 1,000 of the special snow globes, which she s selling at the grand opening of her  And Still I Rise  art exhibit at the Anderson Ranch Arts Center in Snowmass Village. PLANNED PARENTHOOD GETS THE PROCEEDS: Nothing says  breaking the glass ceiling  like giving money to a baby killing, body parts selling factory like Planned Parenthood.The globes sold locally will go to the Arts Center, while proceeds from sales elsewhere will go to Planned Parenthood, according to the news site. It was a natural progression when this happened, as sad as it was, to use the confetti to lift people up   including myself,  Bunny Burson said at the opening Tuesday.  It was cathartic for me to make the work, and I want young women and girls who see it to be able to do what they dream of doing and break the glass ceiling. WHILE BUNNY WALLOWS IN THE ELECTION LOSS, THE VANITY FAIR EDITORS ARE BEGGING HILLARY TO FIND A HOBBY SO SHE WON T RUN AGAIN:Maybe it's time for Hillary Clinton to take up a new hobby in 2018 pic.twitter.com/sbE78rA5At  VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) December 23, 2017Read more: American Mirror",0
9123,GREAT NEWS! TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ANNOUNCES It’s Drastically Cutting UN Budget,"While we believe the UN headquarters would make a great condo building (please see Krauthammer video below), this is a start. The Trump administration just decided to  significantly reduce  the UN budget. Amabassador Nikki Haley released a statement:Ambassador Haley on the United States Negotiating a Significant Reduction in the UN BudgetFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEToday, the United Nations agreed on a budget for the 2018-2019 fiscal year.  Among a host of other successes, the United States negotiated a reduction of over $285 million off the 2016-2017 final budget. In addition to these significant cost savings, we reduced the UN s bloated management and support functions, bolstered support for key U.S. priorities throughout the world, and instilled more discipline and accountability throughout the UN system. The inefficiency and overspending of the United Nations are well known. We will no longer let the generosity of the American people be taken advantage of or remain unchecked. This historic reduction in spending   in addition to many other moves toward a more efficient and accountable UN   is a big step in the right direction. While we are pleased with the results of this year s budget negotiations, you can be sure we ll continue to look at ways to increase the UN s efficiency  while protecting our interests,  said Ambassador Haley.THE UNITED STATES CARRIES THE BURDEN OF THE UN BUDGET:MAGA! Defund the UN!PRESIDENT TRUMP THREATENED TO CUT AID   HE S FOLLOWING THROUGH ON HIS PROMISE:Reuters reported:U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft United Nations resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. They take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars, and then they vote against us. Well, we re watching those votes. Let them vote against us. We ll save a lot. We don t care,  Trump told reporters at the White House.CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER:  Trump should turn the United Nations building into condos :",0
9124,DID REP SHEILA JACKSON LEE Bump First Class Passenger From Seat?…Angry Passenger Tweets Out Photo!,"This is so funny but so infuriating! Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee apparently makes it a habit of bumping first class passengers on flights. She might think twice before doing it again after the angry woman she bumped took photos of Lee enjoying the seat the passenger paid for. Ouch!Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) in seat 1A the one I paid for dearly, and the one United gave to her without my consent or knowledge! Fellow congressman on same flight said she does it repeatedly. @united pic.twitter.com/Q2c6u6B0Yp  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 23, 2017Chron reports:Jean-Marie Simon was a passenger on a flight from Houston to Washington D.C. and has accused United Airlines of giving her first-class seat to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee. D-Houston. The flight attendant threatened to remove her from the plane for complaining and snapping a photo of the Houston congresswoman:A mechanical problem with the plane delayed take-off and after about 50 minutes, she said, passengers were invited to consult with a gate agent about alternative flights.Simon said she went to the front and snapped a photo of Jackson Lee and told a flight attendant that she knew why she d been bumped.In her statement, Jackson Lee said she overheard Simon speaking with an African-American flight attendant and saw her snap the photo.JACKSON LEE PULLS THE RACE CARD: Since this was not any fault of mine, the way the individual continued to act appeared to be, upon reflection, because I was an African American woman, seemingly an easy target along with the African American flight attendant who was very, very nice,  Jackson Lee said in the statement.  This saddens me, especially at this time of year given all of the things we have to work on to help people. But in the spirit of this season and out of the sincerity of my heart, if it is perceived that I had anything to do with this, I am kind enough to simply say sorry. Simon said Jackson Lee s statement accused her of racism, adding:  I had no idea who was in my seat when I complained at the gate that my seat had been given to someone else,  she said.  There is no way you can see who is in a seat from inside the terminal. PASSENGER THREATENED?About five minutes after Simon took the photo on the plane, Simon said, another flight attendant sat next her and asked if she  was going to be a problem. Simon said she replied that she just wanted to go home.IS THE $500 VOUCHER EVIDENCE OF WRONGDOING BY THE AIRLINE? WHAT HAPPENED WHEN SIMON ARRIVED AT THE GATE: It was just so completely humiliating,  said Jean-Marie Simon, a 63-year-old attorney and private school teacher who used 140,000 miles on Dec. 3 to purchase the first-class tickets to take her from Washington D.C. to Guatemala and back home.When it came time to board the last leg of her flight home from George Bush Intercontinental Airport on Dec. 18, after a roughly hour-long weather delay, Simon said the gate attendant scanned her paper ticket and told her it was not in the system.Did you cancel your flight?, the attendant asked. No,  she said she replied.  I just want to go home. Her seat, 1A, was taken, she was told. Simon was given a $500 voucher and reseated in row 11, Economy Plus.Simon later learned that Jackson Lee was in her pre-purchased seat and has alleged that the congresswoman received preferential treatment, which United denies.THIS ENTITLED MENTALITY WILL HOPEFULLY GET JACKSON LEE KICKED OUT OF CONGRESS!",0
9125,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FIRST LADY Receive Standing O and Cheers at Christmas Eve Church Service [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP ATTENDED CHRISTMAS EVE CHURCH SERVICES:The Trumps arrive at Bethesda by the Sea church, where they were married, for Christmas Eve service pic.twitter.com/PZfXNcDDJy  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) December 25, 2017A CLOSER LOOK AT THE ARRIVAL: The President and First Lady arrived at The Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea in Palm Beach, FL earlier for Christmas Eve service. PO-56SU pic.twitter.com/b4wHqjBBl6  CNN Newsource (@CNNNewsource) December 25, 2017 DAN SCAVINO TWEETED OUT AN INSIDE LOOK AT THE CHURCH:President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania Trump are greeted by stand ovation and cheers upon their arrival to attend Christmas Eve church services, tonight, at The Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea in Palm Beach, Florida. #ChristmasEve2017 pic.twitter.com/DwKVMZtnvn  Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) December 25, 2017 THE POOL REPORT:President Trump departed the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-sea at 12:19The president was seated in the third row in the spot closest to the aisle, on the right side of the church (if youre in the back looking toward the altar). The First Lady was the only member of the presidents family to attend mass with him.Reverend James Harlan, the churchs rector, gave the homily. It centered around the themes of the power of words and Gods light. He began by quoting Nelson Mandela, whom he noted rebelled against his government for its systemic oppression.The Mandela quote: It is never my custom to use words lightly. If 27 years in prison have done anything to us, it was to use the silence of solitude to make us understand how precious words are and how real speech is in its impact on the way people live and die. Harlan connected the power of words especially as it pertains to Gods word to their ability to educate, enlighten and draw out the best in people, while he also cautioned words can be used to cause harm.Your words can have as much destructive potential as they do healing, Harlan said. Gods word is pure light.A crowd of people encircled the president to shake his hand when it came time for the peace-be-with-yous. The churchs live stream cut to another angle once the president stood up to take communion. Once it cut back, the president was standing in his pew, and appeared to be holding the communion, which he then took.Songs:* God rest ye merry gentlemen * O come let us adore him ",0
9126,MOVIEGOING HITS 22-YR LOW…LA Times Blames Everyone But ANTI-TRUMP HOLLYWOOD,"The LA Times is reporting that moviegoing is at the lowest level since 1995. The article blames Americans who are going to see fewer movies, on streaming services, which, to some extent, could be true, but from the majority of the comments we ve seen on our Facebook page, which reaches almost 1.7 million followers, Americans are no longer interested in paying their hard-earned money to support the anti-American and anti-Trump hate machine that is Hollywood. While there are a few openly conservative actors in Hollywood, the majority of them are swimming in a cesspool of liberalism and are consumed with hate for President Trump and his deplorable supporters.  From George Clooney trashing Trump over his stance on refugees coming to America from Muslim hotbed nations, to Meryl Streep using a televised award ceremony to trash our newly inaugurated President, to has-been pop stars like Madonna saying she d like to blow up the White House; America has had it up to their eyeballs with people who are some of America s top earners, thanks to the support of people they openly mock for supporting President Trump.  The LA Times reports, that Hollywood is celebrating the end of 2017 with astronomical sales from  Star Wars: The Last Jedi,  which is on track to soon exceed $1 billion in global ticket sales and eventually become the biggest movie of the year. But that won t be enough to write a happy storyline for the industry.Although movie ticket sales in the U.S. and Canada are expected to dip just below last year s record of $11.38 billion, the number of tickets sold is projected to drop 4% to 1.26 billion   the lowest level since 1995, according to preliminary estimates from studio executives.The falloff in ticket sales can mostly be explained by a handful of movies that flopped, especially during the dreary summer season that posted the worst results in more than two decades. Even such massive hits as  Wonder Woman,   Thor: Ragnarok  and  It  couldn t make up for a lackluster summer lineup populated by rickety franchises ( Alien: Covenant ) and poorly reviewed retreads ( The Mummy ).However, the long-term decline in attendance reflects systemic challenges facing the industry. Audiences are spending less time going to the movies and are consuming more entertainment on small screens and through streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon that are spending billions on original video content.Sorry to burst your liberal bubble, but now that the curtain has been pulled back, the deplorable crowd isn t interested in supporting hate-filled, liberal Hollywood. Deal with it ",0
9127,PRESIDENT TRUMP Calls Out Corrupt FBI Clinton Crony for Alleged ‘Misuse’ of FBI Email,"You just can t make this level of cronyism up. It s a blatant disregard for laws, rules and just about everything else unethical. But this is the Clintons so the rules don t apply to them. They are sickeningly corrupt grifters who have been able to get away with just about everything for decades. It s time to call them out and hold them accountable for their lawlessness. The American people need to be able to trust their government will follow the rule of law. The time is now President Trump tweeted out to call out the FBI s Andrew McCabe on his cronyism with the Clintons and misuse of FBI email:President Trump tweeted Sunday that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe allegedly used his official agency email account to  promote  his wife s failed 2015 attempt to win, as a Democrat, a Virginia state Senate seat..@FoxNews-FBI s Andrew McCabe,  in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 24, 2017 The president has long been a critic of the FBI s cronyism with the Clintons. Our previous report on what went on when Andrew McCabe s wife ran for Virginia state senate is unbelievably corrupt:OUR REPORT ON THE CLINTON CRONY BACK IN OCTOBER SPELLS OUT THE CORRUPTION:How much more criminal activity are American voters willing to overlook? Have we, as Americans gotten to the point that no crime committed by Hillary or anyone attached to Hillary will disqualify her from being elected to the highest office in our nation? Are we willing to accept that we can no longer trust anyone working for a government organization in America? The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McAuliffe and other state party leaders recruited Dr. McCabe to run, according to party officials. She lost the election to incumbent Republican Dick Black.A spokesman for the governor said he  supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator. This is a customary practice for Virginia governors  Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Among political candidates that year, Dr. McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from Common Good VA, the governor s PAC, according to campaign finance records. Dan Gecker received $781,500 from the PAC and $214,456 from the state party for a campaign that raised $2.9 million, according to records; and Jeremy McPike received $803,500 from the PAC and $535,162 from the state party, raising more $3.8 million that year for his candidacy.The governor could recall only one meeting with Mr. McCabe when he and other state Democrats met with the couple on March 7, 2015, to urge Dr. McCabe to run, according to the spokesman.The FBI said in a statement that during his wife s campaign Mr. McCabe  played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton s emails. FBI officials said that after that meeting with the governor in Richmond on March 7, Mr. McCabe sought ethics advice from the bureau and followed it, avoiding involvement with public corruption cases in Virginia, and avoiding any campaign activity or events.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said. Once I decided to run,  Dr. McCabe said,  my husband had no formal role in my campaign other than to be a supportive husband to me and our children. As a federal official everyone who participated in our campaign understood and respected that he could not participate. Mr. McCabe is a longtime FBI official who focused much of his career on terrorism. His wife is a hospital physician who campaigned in northern Virginia, where the couple live with their children.The 2015 Virginia State senate race was Dr. McCabe s first run for office and her campaign spent $1.8 million. The race was part of Mr. McAuliffe s failed effort to win a Democratic majority in the Virginia legislature, which would have given him significantly more sway in Richmond, the state capital.Mr. McAuliffe has been a central figure in the Clintons  political careers for decades. In the 1990s, he was Bill Clinton s chief fundraiser and he remains one of the couple s closest allies and public boosters. Mrs. Clinton appeared with him in northern Virginia in 2015 as he sought to increase the number of Democrats in the state legislature. For entire story: WSJ",0
9128,WHY OBAMA’S CORRUPT INNER CIRCLE Is Desperately Fighting To Protect His Failed Reputation," History shows that we can, if we must, tolerate nuclear weapons in North Korea. Those words were written by former National Security Adviser Susan Rice on Thursday in the New York Times, in arguing for appeasement towards Kim Jong-un.It was also the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with Barack Obama s feckless foreign policy   and it explains why the world that President Donald Trump inherited is so dangerous and unstable.The Obama administration believed it was worth living in the shadow of terror and nuclear aggression as long as the U.S. could maintain a dignified posture that could not provoke anyone.  BreitbartNoah Rothman of Commentary Magazine wrote a brilliant article about the  death rattle of Obama s reputation . In his article, Rothman reminds us of the ineffective and dangerous path former President Barack Obama took our nation down, and why the successes of President Trump are forcing his corrupt inner circle to speak out against Trump in defense of Obama s failed legacy.The members of Barack Obama s administration in exile have become conspicuously noisy of late even more so than usual. Former CIA Director John Brennan accused Donald Trump and his administration of engaging in  outrageous,   narcissistic  behavior typical of  vengeful autocrats  by threatening proportionate retaliation against countries that voted to condemn the United States in the United Nations, as though that were unprecedented. It is not. James Clapper, Obama s director of national intelligence, all but alleged that the president is a Russian  asset.  Perhaps the most acerbic and incendiary series of accusations from the former Democratic president s foreign-policy professionals were placed in the New York Times by Obama s national security advisor, Susan Rice. In her estimation, America has abdicated its role as a  force for good. Rice s attacks on the Republican administration deserve the most attention, if only because they are the most apoplectic. Donald Trump s recently released national-security review paints a  dark,   almost dystopian  vision of the world, Rice contended. His world is full of  hostile states and lurking threats.  Rice claimed that there is  no common good  in Trump s worldview. What s more, there is no  international community  and no  universal values.  There are just  American values. Rice acknowledges that Moscow is a threat to regional stability and peace,  Western values,  and U.S. sovereignty. She implies that Trump is a menace because he declines to recognize that. In fact, it was Obama much more so than Trump who has failed to see the obvious.Barack Obama was inarguably the least Atlanticist president since the end of World War II. Within a year of Russia s brazen invasion and dismemberment of the former Soviet Republic of Georgia, Obama scrapped George W. Bush-era agreements to move radar and missile interceptor installations to Central Europe. In 2013, the last of America s armored combat units left Europe, ending a 69-year footprint on the Continent. By 2014, there were just two U.S. Army brigades stationed in Europe. The folly of this demobilization became abundantly clear when Vladimir Putin became the first Russian leader since Stalin to invade and annex territory in neighboring Ukraine.A year later, Putin intervened militarily in Syria, where U.S. forces were already operating, resulting in the most dangerous escalation of tensions between the two nuclear powers since the end of the Cold War. Putin s move in Syria should not have come as a surprise; Barack Obama outsourced the resolution of the Syrian conflict to Moscow in 2013, if only to avoid making good on his self-set  red line  for intervention in that conflict despite the norm-shattering use of WMDs on civilians. Even Rice s chief complaint about Trump, his failure to condemn Putin s brazen intervention in the 2016 election, didn t elicit a reaction from Barack Obama until the final month of his presidency.By contrast, and to the surprise of just about everyone, the Trump administration has been tough on Russia. Trump has ordered harsh sanctions on Moscow s Iranian allies for violating United Nations resolutions a course the Obama administration declined to take even if it allowed Hezbollah terrorists with direct links to Putin to operate with impunity. He ordered long overdue airstrikes on Putin s vassal regime in Syria, halting any further use of chemical weapons in the process. Trump not only declined to lift Obama-era sanctions on Moscow, as many feared he would, but expanded them. This administration closed Russian consulates and annexes in the United States. It has targeted Putin allies like Chechen strongman Ramzan Kadyrov under the Magnitsky Act the same act that Kremlin cutout Natalia Veselnitskaya lobbied the Trump campaign to scuttle. Trump has even gone so far as to open U.S. arms sales to Ukraine, representing a significant blow to Putin s ambitions in Europe. It is without a doubt that Trump now has a stronger record on Russia than Barack Obama ever did. No wonder Susan Rice is so angry.Rice further alleged that Trump recklessly accused China of being an  avowed opponent  of the U.S. rather than just a competitor, and then insisted that China has not  illegally occupied its neighbors.  Tell that to Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, or Taiwan, each of which lay claim to strategic territory in the South China Sea that the People s Republic seized and turned into forward air and naval bases. Rice suggested that Trump s  realists  decided to  lump  Beijing in with Moscow, not because it is a rising military and economic power, but because they wanted to  placate  American nationalists. Though this White House declined to defibrillate the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement back to life when it inherited its corpse, it has done a far more comprehensive job of working with Beijing to isolate Pyongyang than Obama did. As the North Korean nuclear crisis intensifies, China has backed fresh sanctions on North Korean financial institutions, cut off all access to Chinese iron, lead, and coal, and may even scale back petroleum deliveries to the Stalinist state by as much as 90 percent. And all in the space of one year.Rice contended that the document failed to itemize the discrete identities on whose behalf the U.S. should labor: LGBT people, people in poverty, people with AIDS, people under 30, et cetera. Rather, the document insists that all mankind, regardless of conditions or accidents of birth, are objects of U.S. interest. Rice complained that climate change is no longer viewed as a threat to national security. Good. Climate change is not itself a threat to American national security but a threat multiplier, as the weather has always been. Save for some valid concerns about the prospect of an overly restrictive immigration policy and the precariousness of U.S. free-trade obligations, Rice painted a picture not of a radical administration but one that is returning to a familiar status quo ante. In nearly all respects, it was Obama s White House, not Trump s, that adopted an ideological foreign policy and rendered the U.S. and the world less safe as a result.Even as early as March of 2017, it was clear that the Obama administration s foreign-policy professionals were quite insecure about how posterity would remember their stewardship of American interests abroad. They had every reason to be. For now, at least, the Trump administration has declined to govern as Trump campaigned; not as a populist firebrand but a conventional Republican. Susan Rice and her former White House colleagues have every reason to worry, but not for the United States. Their reputations, however, are another matter entirely.To read the entire article, click here. ",0
9129,JUST IN: PRESIDENT TRUMP BLASTS “Retiring” FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and “’Leakin’ James Comey” After JUDICIAL WATCH Uncovers A McCabe Bombshell,"After Judicial Watch exposed a serious ethics issue related to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s involvement in his Democrat wife s VA Senate campaign, President Trump just took to Twitter to expose FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, calling him:  The man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (33,000 illegally deleted emails)  Trump seemed to be stunned that McCabe could be  given $7000,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  into her emails.How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017President Trump then tweeted:FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017Judicial Watch today released 79 pages of Justice Department documents concerning ethics issues related to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s involvement with his wife s political campaign. The documents include an email showing Mrs. McCabe was recruited for a Virginia state senate race in February 2015 by then-Virginia Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam s office.The news that Clinton used a private email server broke five days later, on March 2, 2015. Five days after that, former Clinton Foundation board member and Democrat party fundraiser, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, met with the McCabes. She announced her candidacy on March 12. Soon afterward, Clinton/McAuliffe-aligned political groups donated nearly $700,000 (40% of the campaign s total funds) to McCabe s wife for her campaign.Judicial Watch obtained the documents through a July 24, 2017, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed after the Justice Department failed to respond to an October 24, 2016, FOIA request (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice (No. 1:17-cv-01494)). Judicial Watch seeks:All records of communication between FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and other FBI or Department of Justice officials regarding ethical issues concerning the involvement of Andrew McCabe and/or his wife, Dr. Jill McCabe, in political campaigns; All records related to ethical guidance concerning political activities provided to Deputy Director McCabe by FBI and/or DOJ officials or elements.Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton tweeted about McCabe using his FBI email account to promote his wife s campaign that was  funded with Clinton crony cash . Fitton then suggested that McCabe is  retiring  after he was also implicated in the FBI anti-Trump texts, saying:  No wonder he s  retiring ..@JudicialWatch uncovered docs suggesting FBI #2 Andrew McCabe used his FBI email account to promote his wife's campaign (funded with Clinton crony cash). He was also implicated in the FBI anti-@RealDonaldTrump texts. No wonder he's ""retiring."" https://t.co/BCEaX1mFQ8  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 23, 2017An October 23, 2016, email shows McCabe running the response effort to a Wall Street Journal article that was published that day, titled  Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official s Wife.  McCabe provides Michael Kortan, the assistant director of Public Affairs, his version of a timeline of events surrounding the Clinton investigation and his wife s campaign. McCabe said he contacted then-FBI Chief of Staff Chuck Roseburg about Jill McCabe s candidacy and was told that  the D [Comey] has no issue with it.  (Judicial Watch earlier this month released documents showing that McCabe finally did recuse himself from the Clinton investigation only a week before last year s presidential election.)Internally, the Wall Street Journal article started a flurry of emails among Mrs. McCabe s campaign, Kortan, Director McCabe, and the FBI s General Counsel. Part of that exchange is an email from McCabe to someone in the General Counsel s Office:  Sucks pretty much. Buckle in. It s going to get rough.  The colleague responds,  I know. It s awful. I shouldn t be shocked by now, but I really am appalled.  McCabe also forwarded the article to Comey who responded,  Copy. On October 24, 2016, a memo was sent to all Special Agents in Charge, Assistant Directors, Executive Directors and the General Counsel s Office regarding the Wall Street Journal article discussing campaign activities concerning Mrs. McCabe. Kortan suggested that questions could be referred to his office and he attached an  Overview of Deputy Director McCabe s Recusal Related To Dr. McCabe s Campaign for Political Office.  The Overview itself was previously reported by Judicial Watch.The documents also show repeated use of the official FBI email system in connection with Mrs. McCabe s political campaign. For example:On March 13, 2015, Mrs. McCabe emails to her husband s official FBI email account a draft press release announcing her run for state Senate.In August 2015, McCabe uses his official FBI email account to advise a redacted recipient to visit his wife s campaign website:  Jill has been busy as hell since she decided to run for VA state senate (long story). Check her out on Facebook as Dr. Jill McCabe for Senate. On November 2, 2015, Mrs. McCabe forwards an email to her husband   then the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI s Washington Office   that accuses her opponent of extorting local businessmen. The email was sent to her husband s official FBI account.The documents include an October 2016 letter from House Government Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to McCabe questioning a possible conflict of interest by noting that Clinton headlined a Virginia fundraiser on June 26, 2015, for Mrs. McCabe.  A significant amount was donated after the FBI had initiated its investigation and begun meeting with Secretary Clinton s attorneys in August 2015. The documents also show that FBI leadership was sensitive to reports of FBI internal dissent with then-Director Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation. On October 24, 2016, Mrs. McCabe forwarded to Director McCabe a True Pundit article titled,  FBI Director Lobbied Against Criminal Charges For Hillary After Clinton Insider Paid His Wife $700,00.  The story reported that former FBI Executive Assistant Director John Giacalone resigned in the middle of the Clinton email investigation because he saw it going  sideways  and that Jill McCabe received money from a PAC headed by McAuliffe, who was under investigation by the FBI for campaign finance law violations. McCabe forwarded the article to Comey, noting  FYI. Heavyweight source.  Comey replied to McCabe, copying Chief of Staff James Rybicki, saying,  This still reads to me like someone not involved in the investigation at all, maybe somebody who heard rumors  These new documents show that the FBI leadership was politicized and compromised in its handling of the Clinton email investigation,  said Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch President.  It well past time for a do-over on the Clinton emails that requires a new, honest criminal investigation of her misconduct. The Senate Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Special Counsel have opened investigations into whether McCabe violated the Hatch Act and failed to properly disclose payments to his wife s campaign on his ethics report. The Justice Department s Inspector General is examining McCabe for failing to recuse himself from the Clinton investigation due to his meeting with McAuliffe.",0
9130,MARINE CORPS GENERAL WARNS U.S. TROOPS: “There’s A War Coming”,"While the mainstream media remains transfixed on a phony Trump-Russian collusion story, they completely ignore the real news, about how things appear to be heating up between Russian President Vladimir Putin and the U.S.A Marine Corps commandant on Thursday warned U.S. troops stationed in Norway to be prepared for a coming war.Neller pointed to the near future possibility of Russia and the Pacific theater being the next major areas of conflict.Sgt. Maj. Ronald Green sounded a similar tone. Just remember why you re here,  Green said.  They re watching. Just like you watch them, they watch you. We ve got 300 Marines up here; we could go from 300 to 3,000 overnight. We could raise the bar. The warnings came a day before Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told troops at Fort Bragg, N.C., that  storm clouds are gathering  over the Korean Peninsula.Whether the comments were more than motivational rhetoric remained unclear.Neller and Green s arrival in Norway coincided with heightened tensions between the U.S. and its NATO allies and Russia. According to Military.com, Russia warned Norway that its decision to host a new unit of U.S. troops through the end of 2018 would negatively affect relations. FOX NewsAccording to UK Express, Russian President Putin said the US missile defense sites in Romania containing interceptor missiles could also house ground-to-ground intermediate-range cruise missiles, which would be in violation of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty.He told the military officials that both the US and NATO have been  accelerating build-up of infrastructure in Europe  and emphasised that the deployment of NATO forces near Russia s borders had threatened its security.He said:  When we move military units on our own territory, they present it as some kind of a threat. And when they move military bases, infrastructure and new weapons near our borders they present it as something normal. It s probably normal for those who do it, but not for us. NATO has deployed military units to Poland and the Baltics to reassure allies worried over Russia s intentions following its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea and its support for pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine.Mr Putin mentioned NATO s US-led missile defense system and efforts to develop new prospective conventional weapons among other security challenges.He added:  They are searching for some violations on our part while consistently infringing on it themselves. All that seriously affects security in Europe and in the whole world. Mr Putin accused the US of violating a landmark Cold War-era nuclear arms pact and harbouring aggressive intentions, and pledged to fend off any potential threats.FOX News  At a Q&A session with the troops in the Norwegian Home Guard base near Trondheim, Neller said that the U.S. could shift its focus from the Middle East to Eastern Europe, citing Russia s conflicts with Ukraine and Georgia as justification. He told the Marines that they should be prepared for a  big-ass fight  on the horizon.Russia has reportedly been uneasy about the presence of American troops close to its borders. The 300 U.S. Marines deployed to Norway in June 2016 were the first foreign troops allowed to operate in the country since World War II.In September of this year, Russia conducted a joint-military exercise with neighboring Belarus that involved 12,700 troops.A new National Security Strategy unveiled by the Trump administration on Monday singled out Russia and China as two world powers challenging  American power, influence, and interests, attempting to erode American security and prosperity. F",0
9131,"A YOUNG DONALD J TRUMP: The 34-Year Old Shares His Views on Politics, Leadership, and a Vision for America’s Renewal in 1980 [Video]","The video below is a much watch! A young Donald J. Trump speaks about leadership and politics long before he ran for president. His insight and thoughtfulness are there in a more soft spoken manner than today. Enjoy!Below this video is commentary from the interviewer many years later.INTERVIEWER RONA BARRETT 40 YEARS LATER:Many people may not remember but nearly 40 years ago then-businessman and developer Donald Trump was questioned about whether he would want to be President of the United States someday.His answer then might surprise you now.NewsChannel 3 sat down with world renown journalist and former gossip columnist Rona Barrett, who honed her journalist craft interviewing the rich and famous from the late 1950s to the early 1990s.Barrett reflected back on 1980. She had just launched a pilot program, zeroing-in on America s self-made millionaires. Her first guest was developer Donald Trump. He had a very spicy reputation way back in the 70s,  Barrett said.  He was flamboyant, in that the press made him that kind of a guy. If I look back now, He was very much like he is today. By then, Trump was on his way to becoming a billionaire. He was 34 years old. He was one of the first people, if not the first person, who ever bought the air over a major facility in Manhattan,  Barrett said.  I think it was Bonwit Teller (a luxury department store) at the time. He bought the air to build something above the place he couldn t buy! I had never heard of anyone buying air! It was Trump s first network interview. And it was done in his opulent, 66-floor penthouse. Gold in certain places, real gold in certain places,  Barrett remembered.  I mean, this fellow knew how to live a very rich life. KEYT s Beth Farnsworth sat with Barrett in the lobby of the Golden Inn and Village senior community she built in the Santa Ynez Valley. She looked back at the man she interviewed, for two hours, all those years ago. He was charming,  Barrett said.Then, she reflected on the man leading our country today. I didn t see any of the bravado that I see now. That 1980 interview between Barrett and Trump is now in demand, worldwide, all because of that one question. It just popped out of my mouth. Would you like to be President of the United States? He looked at me and he said,  No . The clip reveals a few of the reasons Trump did not embrace a presidency at the time. I see it as being a mean life and I also see it as somebody with strong views and somebody with the kind of views that are maybe a little bit unpopular, which might be right,  Trump said. And he made some sort of comment about he didn t like the attitude of political people, having to smile and be with babies,  Barrett added.At the time, Trump said he didn t feel America was  going forward  in a  proper direction  and was using very little of its  potential  as a nation. It should really be a country that gets the respect of other countries,  Trump told Barrett.He was highly critical of the handling of the 1979 Iranian hostage crisis. He also said,  There are many more people who are far more qualified to be President than I am .  Barrett remembered.Yet, he refused to name names. The one man could turn this country around,  Trump said during the interview.  The one proper President could turn this country around. Barrett did some more reflecting during NewsChannel 3 s interview, then offered a personal opinion while admitting that she s no doctor or expert. I ve always had another feeling after that interview with Donald as I was talking to him,  Barrett reflected.  I always have felt that he was trying to prove to daddy that he could be bigger and better than daddy ever could. Fred Trump was a highly successful real estate developer, mostly in New York City, and a philanthropist; but he was never President of the United States.Barrett said she was surprised when the elder Trump s son, Donald, announced his bid to run. I didn t think of him as presidential,  Barrett said.Today, Barrett stops short when it comes to labeling Donald Trump as a  good  or  bad  President. I d rather not comment. I m not a political person. I m just another human being,  Barrett said.Read more: keyt",0
9132,"BREAKING: FBI ARREST STOPS Horrific San Francisco “MASS CASUALTY” Christmas Day Attack By MUSLIM, Truck Driver and Former Marine Sharpshooter","Truck attacks are becoming increasingly popular with Muslim extremists as a way to threaten large groups of people in popular areas. Meanwhile, the US Appeals Court has just ruled President Trump s travel ban violates federal law and goes beyond  the scope of his delegated authority. The ban, which targets people from six Muslim-majority countries, should not be applied to people with strong US connections, the court said.Breitbart News   The FBI announced on Friday that it arrested California tow truck driver Everitt Aaron Jameson for plotting a Christmas terror attack on Pier 39 in San Francisco.In statements to undercover informants, Jameson outlined a plan that would have involved running civilians down with his truck, deploying improvised explosives, and using his skills as a Marine sharpshooter to increase the body count. A note he evidently intended for publication after the attack swore allegiance to ISIS and cited President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a reason for his actions.FBI documents state that Jameson planned to use his tow truck for a mass-casualty attack on Pier 39 because he  had been there before and knew it was a heavily crowded area.  He reportedly said Christmas would be  the perfect day to commit the attack. I m glad to know we Muslims are finally hitting back. Allahu Akbar! The kuffar deserve everything and more [for] the lives they have taken,  he allegedly told an FBI informant after the November 2 truck jihad attack in New York City, which killed eight people. Allahu akbar! It says he was one of us. May Allah grant him Jannah firtuidus Amin,  he said of New York City truck terrorist Sayfullo Saipov, indicating that he hoped Saipov would enter paradise as a reward for attacking the infidels.Jameson also reportedly spoke approvingly of the attack on a Christmas party by a husband-and-wife jihadi team in San Bernardino in December 2015 and suggested his operation would include vehicles, explosives, and firearms. He told an undercover agent that America  needed another attack like New York or San Bernardino. Communicating with FBI assets he believed were representatives of the Islamic State, Jameson advertised himself as a military veteran and offered to put his skills at the service of the caliphate. In a meeting with undercover informants, he added that he was  well versed  in the Anarchist Cookbook, a manual for making bombs and other implements of terrorism. He also offered financial assistance to ISIS, offered to travel to Syria if needed, and said he was ready to die for  the cause.  He demonstrated fluency in spoken Arabic during a telephone call. I was a soldier in the kuffar army before I reverted,  he said.  I have been trained in combat and things of war. Inshallah, anything of that nature, as well as funding. Anything for Allah. The FBI confirmed that Jameson attended U.S. Marine Corps basic training and earned a  sharpshooter  rifle qualification. He was eventually discharged for  fraudulent enlistment,  apparently because he failed to disclose a history of asthma to the recruiters.When the undercover FBI operatives asked what he needed for the attack, Jameson outlined an ambitious plan involving M-16 and/or AK-47 rifles, timers, remote detonators, and pipe bomb materials.When a search warrant was executed at Jameson s residence in Modesto, a number of pistols, rifles, and ammunition were confiscated, along with his last will and testament and a handwritten letter he signed as  Abdallah abu Everitt ibn Gordon al-Amriki.  The letter was evidently meant to be published after he carried out his terror attack. It reads:I, Abdallah adu Everitt ibn Gordon, have committed these acts upon the Kuffar, in the name of Dar al Islam, Allahu Akbar! You all have brought this upon yourselves. There is no innocent Kuffar! Each and every Kuffar in this Nationalistic, Godless society has a hand in this. You ve allowed Donald J. Trump to give away Al Quds to the Jews. Both You and he are wrong, it belongs to the Muslemeen. We have penetrated and infiltrated your disgusting country. These Acts will continue until the Lions of Islam overtake you. Turn to Allah, make tawbah and fight with us, the soldiers who fight in the day and the night. Allah SWT is most forgiving. I am not. Long live Isil, Long Live Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Allahu akbar!Dar al Islam means the  house of Islam.  Kuffar is a derogatory term for non-Muslims. Al Quds is an Arabic name for Jerusalem. Muslemeen is another way of saying  Muslim  Tawbah means  repent.  Allah SWT is a shorthand way of saying  Allah the most glorious and exalted.  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is the  caliph  or leader of the Islamic State.According to the FBI, Jameson was a voracious consumer of Islamic State propaganda online, and wrote numerous  social media posts that are supportive of terrorism. ",0
9133,JUST IN: SUSPECTED LEAKER and “Close Confidant” of James Comey Has Been Reassigned From His Post As TOP FBI Lawyer [VIDEO],"On December 5, 2017, Circa s Sara Carter warned there would be a major shake-up at the FBI after the Inspector General s report was completed. So far, Sara Carter has been right on everything she s reported on, as it relates to the Mueller investigation. In the video below, Carter tells Sean Hannity why she believes the FBI will have a major shake-up soon there are 27 leakers that the IG is looking at! Yes, 27 leakers!Sara Carter: We re going to see parts of that report before December (end of the month). We re going to see other parts of his report coming out after January. And they re looking at Peter Strzok. They re looking at Comey. They re looking at 27 leakers. It would not surprise me if there was a shake-up at the FBI and a housecleaning.Watch:Is the FBI s former top attorney, James Baker, one of the first  leaker  casualties?  James Baker, the FBI s leading lawyer who was a confidante of fired FBI Director James Comey, has been reassigned from his post, as the agency s top personnel are under high scrutiny.Baker told colleagues he will assume different duties for the bureau, the Washington Post reported.Baker oversees the bureau s Office of General Counsel and has received such awards as the George H.W. Bush Award for Excellence in counter-terrorism in 2006.He also was the subject of a leak investigation over the summer after Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered a crackdown on leakers.The FBI had no comment when asked why Baker was being reassigned and what he would be doing.His reassignment comes at a time of increased scrutiny and pressure on the agency, following the release of private text messages between agents working in the Hillary Clinton email probe.   Daily Mail Three sources, with knowledge of the investigation, told Circa that Baker is the top suspect in an ongoing leak investigation, but Circa has not been able to confirm the details of what national security information or material was allegedly leaked.A federal law enforcement official with knowledge of ongoing internal investigations in the bureau told Circa,  the bureau is scouring for leakers and there s been a lot of investigations. The revelation comes as the Trump administration has ramped up efforts to contain leaks both within the White House and within its own national security apparatus.Baker is a close confidant of former FBI Director James Comey, and recent media reports suggested he was reportedly advising the then-FBI director on legal matters following private meetings the former director had in February with President Trump in the Oval Office.Baker was appointed to the FBI s general counsel by Comey in 2014 and has had a long and distinguished history within the intelligence community.",0
9134,TRUMP RUFFLES FEATHERS With New And Bold Presidential “Challenge” Coin,"Who knew that members of a presidential administration can have coins made to hand out.  Challenge coins  are given out and received by different people like first responders or the military . President Trump has the challenge coins he has received displayed in the Oval Office.Coin collector John Wertman shows his  very gold  Trump challenge coin:HOW THEY GOT THEIR START:Challenge coins got their start as military baubles bearing division insignia and presented by officers to troops for exemplary service. The moniker came from a tradition in which service members challenged one another to produce their coins. Those who did not have one had to buy a round of drinks.For two decades, the commander in chief has doled out distinguished-looking coins as personal mementos. Now, the presidential  challenge coin  has undergone a Trumpian transformation.The presidential seal has been replaced by an eagle bearing President Trump s signature. The eagle s head faces right, not left, as on the seal. The 13 arrows representing the original states have disappeared. And the national motto,  E pluribus unum    a Latin phrase that means  Out of many, one    is gone.Instead, both sides of the coin feature Trump s official campaign slogan,  Make America Great Again. The aide said the president, whose real estate properties are known for their gilded displays of wealth and status, was personally involved in redesigning the coin. Trump, who also had a hand in creating his famous red campaign hat,  wanted to weigh in on it,  the aide said.  It s beautifully made. FEATHERS RUFFLED: Ethics experts  are all aflutter because President Trump used his political slogan on the coin: For the commander in chief to give a political token with a campaign slogan on it to military officers would violate the important principle of separating the military from politics, as well as diminishing the tradition of the coin. There is also dispute about who pays for the coins. As it turns out, the Republican Party is paying for the coins.Yes, the coin is very gold and big but it is Trump s style. It s interesting to note the coins of Obama and Trump reflect each president.Read more: Boston Globe",0
9135,AFTER A SURPRISE DETOUR…PRESIDENT TRUMP Arrives in Palm Beach to Celebrations and Protests: “We are victorious” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP MADE A SURPRISE DETOUR ON HIS WAY TO AIR FORCE ONE TODAY President Trump stopped at Joint Base Andrews and greeted military service members and their families as he was en route to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.After landing at Joint Base Andrews, he exited Marine One and headed for an air terminal to greet approximately two dozen military service members were waiting along a fence line. The move was unexpected and the crowd had originally gathered to watch him leave Joint Base Andrews. While you were down here, I wanted to say hello,  Trump said, according to a press pool report.He then proceeded to shake their hands as he wished them a  Merry Christmas. After shaking hands, Trump then boarded Air Force One PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRIVES IN PALM BEACH:President Trump is in Florida for a well-deserved break over the Christmas holiday. This is President Trump s tenth visit to Palm Beach since he came to office last January.He arrived in Palm Beach at 1:35 p.m. Friday to celebrate the holidays with his family at Mar-a-Lago. This trip will be much shorter since he s scheduled to return to Washington, D.C. on new year s Day..@realDonaldTrump exiting Air Force One at PBIA. #TrumpInPalmBeach pic.twitter.com/ShB4OuCTQk  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) December 22, 2017President Trump greeted supporters at the Palm Beach airport before he went on to Mar-a-Lago..@realDonaldTrump greeting supporters at PBIA. #TrumpInPalmBeach pic.twitter.com/NC9QBjg6s1  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) December 22, 2017Both supporters and protesters are standing along Southern Boulevard to watch the president s motorcade pass by.Rabbi Alan Sherman wearing a @realDonaldTrump yarmulke awaiting Air Force One arrival at PBIA. #TrumpInPalmBeach pic.twitter.com/glTUoKiQkO  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) December 22, 2017The president s motorcade drove unusually slow along Southern Boulevard so he could wave to crowds on the street.Barbara Goff, with niece Savannah, said of @realDonaldTrump:  I think he is a very smart and intelligent person. People don t like him and I don t know why. The protestors are awful just disgraceful to the people who are for him.  #TrumpInPalmBeach pic.twitter.com/Fv71s9RRje  Jorge Milian (@caneswatch) December 22, 2017Among supporters was a group of Orthodox Jews who made signs thanking Trump for commuting the prison sentence of Sholom Rubashkin, a former meatpacking executive convicted of bank fraud.Jewish pro-Trump group dancing and singing  We are victorious  outside Dreher Park. #TrumpInPalmBeach pic.twitter.com/RXE9WrBfh5  Jorge Milian (@caneswatch) December 22, 2017",0
9136,“NEVER-TRUMPER” and Weekly Standard Editor Sends Vile Tweet Mocking VP Pence…Suggests Pence Has Replaced God With President Trump,"The former Fox News contributor and editor of the Weekly Standard, Bill Kristol, took to Twitter to appease his newfound liberal friends with a disgusting tweet, mocking devout Christian and genuine conservative, Vice President Mike Pence. Ever since President Trump won the election, Kristol and his  never-Trump  friends have become unhinged with hate for the President and for anyone he surrounds himself with. Yesterday, Vice President Mike Pence made a surprise visit to the troops in war-torn Afghanistan to roll out President Trump s new  fight to win  policy.Pence addressed the troops at a Bagram Airfield hangar, telling them that before he made his trip, he asked president Trump what message he wanted to be delivered to the troops. Here is Pence s touching message to the troops from President Trump:Pence told the troops,  Before I left the White House yesterday, I asked Trump if he had a message for our troops here in Afghanistan. And he looked at me and said,  Tell them I love them.  And he did.WATCH:Before I left the @WhiteHouse yesterday, I asked @POTUS Trump if he had a message for our troops here in Afghanistan. And he looked at me and said,  Tell them I love them.  pic.twitter.com/PO4F7Z5vOx  Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) December 21, 2017 Never-Trumper  and former frequent FOX News guest Bill Kristol mocked Vice President Mike Pence over his speech to our troops. Kristol wrote:And I, a mere humble and unworthy VP, gazed back into the kindly and understanding eyes of the great and glorious POTUS, and said,  Thank you O POTUS! And thank you for letting us say once again, Merry Christmas! And I, a mere humble and unworthy VP, gazed back into the kindly and understanding eyes of the great and glorious POTUS, and said,  Thank you O POTUS! And thank you for letting us say once again, Merry Christmas!  https://t.co/RAQwmQk2Sq  Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) December 22, 2017Little sad man, Bill Kristol, who was once respected by conservative Americans, has been reduced to retweeting glowing articles about himself published by liberal rag publications like The Slate to discuss  where Republicans went awry, whether Palin abetted Trump s rise, and the costs of rationalization. NEW @IHaveToAskPod: @BillKristol talks about where Republicans went awry, whether Palin abetted Trump's rise, and the costs of rationalization. https://t.co/rEwacCUfZx  Isaac Chotiner (@IChotiner) December 21, 2017 ",0
9137,‘MORNING JOE’ PANEL Says Nikki Haley “Embarrassed” the U.S. at the UN…Embarrassed? We Think NOT! [Video]," It s really interesting to hear this panel go ballistic over Nikki Haley finally standing up for America.MSNBC s  Morning Joe  panel on Friday lashed out at U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley for her speech before the U.N. General Assembly the prior day in which she criticized countries that supported a resolution condemning President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.Haley castigated the U.N. on Thursday after the international body backed a non-binding resolution to reject the U.S. decision on Jerusalem. The United States will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in this assembly,  she said, threatening to cut off funding to the U.N.  We will remember it when we are called upon to once again make the world s largest contribution  to the U.N. and when other member nations ask Washington  to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit. The  Morning Joe  panel took issue with Haley s remarks We think she stood strong and put these freeloading nations on notice. We say BRAVO! Read more: WFB",0
9138,CHRIS CHRISTIE Gets Frustrated…SNAPS At MSNBC Hack Host Nicolle Wallace: “Do You Work For Mueller Now?” [VIDEO],"New Jersey Republican Governor Chris Christie got into a heated discussion with MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace on Tuesday. Wallace asked Christie about Chris Wray, the new director of the FBI.  Governor Christie told Wallace that he thought highly of Wray and that he was going to be an outstanding director of the FBI. Christie told Wallace that Mueller made some mistakes, in that he didn t do a very good job of vetting his team for his Russian collusion investigation. Christie then went on to tell her that Bob Mueller is a good man, but he shouldn t have allowed biased agents to be involved in the investigation.Wallace asked Christie,  Were you ever around Donald Trump when he was ever warned about Russia or Russians? Christie responded,  No, not that I remember, no. Wallace continued to press Christie,  Were you ever around Donald Trump with Mike Flynn when they were talking about Russia or Russians? Christie answered,  Who are you? Do you work for Mueller now? I mean, you know, no. Watch the exchange here:",0
9139,NBC REPORTER Asks Sarah Sanders About Taxes…She Points Directly To Reporter’s Paycheck [Video],"Sarah Sanders does it again! The snarky DC reporters always try and get her but she ends up on top every time! This time was no exception;Daily Caller reports:The GOP tax reform bill is the most talked-about thing in the country right now. When NBC asked White House press secretary Sarah Sanders about its effects Thursday, Sanders pointed to the huge bonuses many at NBC will be receiving because of the bill.Multiple corporations announced a mix of thousand-dollar bonuses, pay increases and heavy sums of charitable giving in response to the tax cuts.One of those corporations was Comcast-NBCUniversal.Sarah Sanders  made use of the fact that journalists are getting a pay raise under this tax cut, in part because there was so much misinformation about the tax cut in media. CNN s Brian Stelter tweeted the report with this comment last night:Sanders responded to Stelter s comment with this reminder:The left has been tripped up numerous times in the past few days. Chuck Schumer claimed that AT&T employees would suffer because of the tax bill but they came out with a great bonus for employees right after the bill passed in the Senate:Democrats have played the drama queen role calling the tax bill  Armageddon . They will be proven wrong on this even though they pulled out all the stops to try and make tax reform sound bad. MAGA!",0
9140,PELOSI CHUCKLES AND MOCKS President Trump when Asked About Their Relationship [Video],"What a bizarre exchange between a reporter and Democrat leader Nancy Pelosi! She is asked during a press conference what her relationship is with President Trump and she laughed. What s even stranger is she mocked the way Trump says  DACA .It s as if she detests the president so much that she can t bring herself to speak his name. Notice how she talks in disjointed sentences and stops suddenly to think. She cannot even form a complete thought! This is yet another example of the strange behavior of Pelosi that is ignored by the main stream media like an enabling spouse.Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) chuckled Thursday when asked to characterize her relationship with President Donald Trump, saying there is a  good rapport  there but mainly focusing on their stark disagreement over tax reform.After a reporter asked the question, Pelosi paused and smiled, appearing to gather her thoughts for a diplomatic response given her strong criticism of the administration. I think we have a good rapport,  Pelosi said.  I don t think we ve accomplished much together. Pelosi said she and Trump could find a  path  together on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, although she gently mocked his pronunciation of  DACA.  Read more: WFBShe went on the rant against the Republican tax bill in another disjointed word salad moment. How can anyone take her seriously when she uses terms like  armageddon  to describe the tax bill?",0
9141,BIG MOUTH ROSIE O’DONNELL Could Be Heading To Prison After Taking Her Hate For President Trump Too Far,"Many are suggesting that the former comedian, turned militant, leftist activist, Rosie O Donnell needs to be treated by federal authorities like every other American when it comes to being held accountable for her actions. O Donnell broke the law when she offered to pay two Republican lawmakers for voting against Trump s tax cut bill on Twitter. Even offering this is illegal. You are not above the law but I guess you are since the Feds haven't been knocking on your door. with all these tweets you obviously are not joking.  Androgynous Priest (@AndrogynPriest) December 21, 2017After ex-comedian Rosie O Donnell s meltdown on Twitter before the Senate s big tax vote Tuesday night, President Donald Trump can reasonably direct federal authorities to lock her up   and even to  take some money out of her fat-ass pockets,  which he once infamously cited as a personal goal.Starting a few hours before the legislation passed, O Donnell tweeted:so how about this i promise to give 2 million dollars to senator susan collins and 2 million to senator jeff flakeif they vote NO NO I WILL NOT KILL AMERICANS FOR THE SUOER RICH DM me susan DM me jeff no shit 2 million casheach  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Even after another Twitter user, Louise Mensch, replied that O Donnell was irresponsibly advocating bribery, O Donnell doubled down.i disagree it is obvious there is a price corker had one collins tooflake almost brave he crawled out backwards2 million to any GOP senator who votes noon KILLING AMERICANS MILLIONS WITH OUT HEALTH CARE MY GOD HAVE WE NO SO  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Federal law addresses O Donnell s actions.18 U.S. Code   201 criminalizes the attempted bribery of federal officials by whoever  directly or indirectly, corruptly gives, offers or promises anything of value to any public official   with intent to influence any official act. The penalty? For Rosie, she could spend up to 15 years in jail, suffer a lifetime ban from elective office and pay up to a cool $12 million:The statute calls for a fine of  not more than three times the monetary equivalent of the thing of value, whichever is greater, or imprisoned for not more than fifteen years, or both, and may be disqualified from holding any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States. In court, O Donnell would probably argue that her attempted bribe was in jest, or perhaps a syndrome of a mental illness.After all, her attorneys would argue, who, while seriously attempting to bribe members of the U.S. Congress would do so in such a reckless, public manner that would all but ensure a conviction?   Daily CallerThe emboldened screwball doubled down on her vile tweets calling for people to rise up against our government and  mobilize , to call 911 and again, offered to pay US Senators millions of dollars to vote against tax cuts for working, American families.WE CANNOT SIT AT HOME WHILE THEY ROB OUR NATION   YOUR NEIGHBORS HEALTH CARE   FOR THE FUCKING MERCERS AND KOCH BROTHERS   FUCK THEM   RISE UP  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017She even asked her followers to call 911 to report a  fake  crime. There has to be a law against this:call 911   crime in progressUS SENATEthis is too much  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017What does Rosie mean when she calls on people to  mobilize  against our government? Isn t that the same thing as calling for a coup? Isn t that also considered to be illegal?WHY HAVENT THE MOBILIZE PEOPLE   MOBILIZED https://t.co/wEucdcLqoH  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017And then, she doubled down on stupid with this tweet:heres the thing al   i am not looking to give more money to a corrupt system   however   this bill is criminal   i therefore offer 2 million for any GOP senator that votes no   to them personally   or directed to A NON PROFIT OF THEIR CHOICE no strings attached DO WHATS RIGHT  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Here s how a few Twitter users responded:What you just tweeted is criminal check yourself on that !  LaDeplorable  (@NenaPacino) December 20, 2017Send that 2 million and any benefit you receive from the tax cuts back to the government. Better yet, why not go out in the streets of L.A. and find 40 homeless people and give each 50 grand for job training for a career that will change their life 4ever.  D.B. (@boingboingbong) December 20, 2017 ",0
9142,WATCH: SENATOR RAND PAUL Calls For Investigation…BLASTS High-Ranking Obama Officials Who May Have Colluded To Prevent Trump’s Election…”Could Be Worse Than Watergate”,"Senator Rand Paul appeared on Bill Hemmer s Fox News show to discuss the importance of fighting the FISA law, to prevent the US government from unlawful spying and collection of information on Americans.With tax reform a done-deal and the wind at his back, Senator Rand Paul came out swinging against the Obama administration.Paul said he wants answers as to why Mueller s investigation into alleged Trump-Russia collusion appears so obviously partisan. You have the Department of Justice, where you have a high-ranking official whose wife works for the group doing opposition research on Trump being paid for by the Democrat National Committee, that sounds like a lot of high-ranking people colluding to try to prevent Donald Trump from being president,  Paul told Fox News  Bill Hemmer from the Hill on Thursday.I'm never a fan of shutting down government so that's not my intention. I am a fan of defending the bill of rights, though. pic.twitter.com/qJ9Sc298Ep  Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) December 21, 2017Paul was referring to last week s bombshell that top DOJ official Bruce Ohr not only met with key players in the creation of the infamous  Trump dossier,  but his wife Nellie Ohr worked for Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm that commissioned the unproven document.  BPRTime to investigate high ranking Obama government officials who might have colluded to prevent the election of @realDonaldTrump! This could be WORSE than Watergate!Time to investigate high ranking Obama government officials who might have colluded to prevent the election of @realDonaldTrump! This could be WORSE than Watergate!  Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) December 21, 2017",0
9143,WOW! UN AMBASSADOR Nikki Haley BLASTS UN Vote…Tweets LIST Of Nations Who VOTED To SUPPORT President Trump’s Declaration Of Jerusalem As Israel’s Capital,"Yesterday, President Trump threatened to cut foreign aid to countries that vote in the UN for a resolution condemning his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.UN Ambassador Nikki Haley echoed President Trump s sentiment preceding the UN vote today:Referencing tomorrow's UN vote criticizing the US embassy move. In the words of the President, ""Let them vote against us, we'll save a lot."" pic.twitter.com/eUGWD4cCBR  Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) December 20, 2017 I like the message that Nikki sent yesterday at the United Nations for all of these nations that take our money and then they vote against us at the Security Council, or they vote against us potentially at the [General] Assembly,  he said about US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley.She had said a day earlier that the US would be  taking names  of countries that voted for the resolution. They take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars, and then they vote against us. Well, we re watching those votes. Let them vote against us, we ll save a lot. We don t care,  Trump said during a cabinet meeting at the White House.The president contended that American officials don t even know what foreign countries do with the money the US sends them.  NYPToday, the Independent UK reported that the UN General Assembly voted 128-9 to declare US President Donald Trump s declaration of Jerusalem as Israel s capital  null and void .The vote, while a victory for the Palestinians, was significantly lower than its supporters had hoped for, with many forecasting at least 150  yes  votes. There were a total of 35, while 21 nations did not turn up for the vote.Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas welcomed the result, his spokesman saying:  The vote is a victory for Palestine. We will continue our efforts in the United Nations and at all international forums to put an end to this occupation and to establish our Palestinian state with east Jerusalem as its capital. UN Ambassador Nikki Haley tweeted the vote tally, saying  68 countries refused to condemn the United States and 128 voted against us. There were 35 abstentionsThe vote is in  65 countries refused to condemn the United States and 128 voted against us. Final vote tally to follow.  Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) December 21, 2017Haley also tweeted a message to thank the nations who stood behind President Trump. Her message included a list of those nations who stood by President Trump and his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel:We appreciate these countries for not falling to the irresponsible ways of the @UN: pic.twitter.com/a0hUTepD8H  Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) December 21, 2017Here s a close up look at the list:Ambassador Haley also made clear the decision of the U.S. to move forward with its plans to move the embassy to Jerusalem:Ms Haley said  no vote in the United Nations will make any difference  on the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem, which will go ahead because  it is the right thing to do. She said  the United States will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in the General Assembly for the very right of exercising our right as a sovereign nation. We will remember it when we are called upon once again to make the world s largest contribution to the United Nations,  she says.  And we will remember when so many countries come calling on us, as they so often do, to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit. Ms Haley said the vote  will make a difference on how Americans look at the UN and on how we look at countries who disrespect us in the UN, and this vote will be remembered. Israel s prime minister says he completely rejects the  preposterous  UN resolution declaring the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital as  null and void. Benjamin Netanyahu said in a video posted to Facebook that Jerusalem  always was, always will be  Israel s capital. He also says he appreciates that  a growing number of countries refuse to participate in this theatre of the absurd. Mr. Netanyahu also thanked President Donald Trump for his  stalwart defense of Israel. ",0
9144,REP STEVE SCALISE Scolds Obama Crony For “Obit” Tweet About GOP Leaders,"WHAT S WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE? Clinton Crony Ben Rhodes tweeted out a wish for death to McConnell, Ryan and Pence:Rhodes is a former Obama administration official with the National Security Council.Republican Steve Scalise was shot last year when a crazed Democrat attacked Republicans practicing for a baseball game He was near death and had months of recovery before he could come back to D.C. It goes without saying that the Ben Rhodes tweet was very insensitive and helps no one in any way to bridge the gap between Democrats and Republicans. The Democrats continuously show themselves to be hateful and snarky Not a good look for anyone.Scalise responded to the Rhodes tweet with a short and sweet tweet that got the point across:You may want to reconsider your rhetoric. https://t.co/VQVWej6n00  Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) December 21, 2017But the lefty lunatics started coming after Scalise. No kidding!GOP. Whip offended by implication fellow Republicans leaders are not immortal https://t.co/LnwO2caZ1h  Jonathan Chait (@jonathanchait) December 21, 2017Sicko!",0
9145,JUST IN: FORMER NBC NEWS ANCHOR Tom Brokaw Tells Morning Joe Hacks “We’re At War” With Trump…and “Fox News Is On A Jihad” [VIDEO],"This morning, President Trump tweeted a note of congratulations to Fox and Friends, after they were named,  The Most Influential Show In News . In his tweet, President Trump told Fox and Friends,  You deserve it    three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success! Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it   three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 21, 2017Trump s tweet was enough to put the maniacal Trump hater Mika Brzezinski over the edge. She mockingly read the tweet to the MSNBC show s panel, then turned to Tom Brokaw to ask for his reaction to President Trump s tweet.  Brokaw smugly told Brzezinski that President Donald Trump watches Fox News because it  reinforces what he believes . Brokaw then went on to exclude leftist crybaby Shepard Smith from his disgusting and inflammatory assertion that Fox News is on a jihad. Fox News, after Shepard Smith, in the late afternoon, is on a jihad right now on the whole question about whether there is a fairness about this or not,  Brokaw told Brzezinski.  The whole assault is on the institutions. Brokaw then went on to criticize Newt Gingrich for daring to call out the corrupt and biased behavior of the FBI, that s recently been uncovered as a result of the Trump-Russian collusion witch hunt. Brokaw told the panel,  Newt Gingrich looking in the camera and saying the FBI is a corrupt organization, right? Three months earlier he had said Bob Mueller is one of the great, distinguished public servants we have. Newt Gingrich looking into the camera and saying the FBI is a corrupt organization   three months earlier he d said Bob Mueller is one of the great, distinguished public servants we have. So, we re at war here,  Brokaw told the like-minded leftist hack panel at MSNBC.Watch (audio is missing for the first second of the video):",0
9146,WATCH: Even CNN Admits Tax Bill That “Not One Democrat Voted For” Gives Working Families “Damn Good Money”,"On Wednesday, a jubilant President Trump tweeted about the passage of the  biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Not one Democrat voted for the massive tax cut bill that will put real money back into the pocket of working families.The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2017As it turns out, the Democrats embarrassing #Resist plan is not to do one thing to help parents put food on the table or take that vacation they haven t been able to afford for the past 8 years. As Democrats try to create mass hysteria over the Republican tax reform bill, left-wing news organizations like CNN have admitted that the tax bill is going to give working families  damn good money. On Wednesday, CNN host John King said,  The Republicans are making a big bet, taking a big risk. Will over time the American people say,  Oh, actually I like having more money in my pocket. Oh, they did hire more people at the factory down the street.  That s their big bet,  King said. Not one Democrat has voted for a bill that cuts taxes by $1.5 trillion,  King continued.  To Abby s point, if you re a working-class family, a lot of people say,  Oh, it s only $200, $300,  but if you re a working-class family living paycheck to paycheck, $200-$300 is damn good money and you are grateful for it.   Daily WireWATCH:CNN s John King: The Republican tax bill gives working-class families  damn good money.  pic.twitter.com/PG4TRJ1JF4  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) December 20, 2017Businesses are also pleased with the new pro-growth, pro-business tax plan, and as a result, more workers will be hired in America and many of the current workers will see pay raises and/or bonuses.According to the Daily Wire, seven American businesses announced on Wednesday that they would both be investing hundreds of millions of dollars in their employees because of Republican tax reform bill that the Senate passed on Tuesday night.AT&T announced that once President Donald Trump signed the bill into law that they would  invest an additional $1 billion in the United States in 2018 and pay a special $1,000 bonus to more than 200,000 AT&T U.S. employees.  AT&T further noted that if Trump signed the bill before Christmas that the company will receive the bonus over the holidays.Boeing announced an  immediate commitment  to investing an additional $300 million in three areas that will directly benefit their employees:$100 million for corporate giving, with funds used to support demand for employee gift-match programs and for investments in Boeing s focus areas for charitable giving: in education, in our communities, and for veterans and military personnel. $100 million for workforce development in the form of training, education, and other capabilities development to meet the scale needed for rapidly evolving technologies and expanding markets. $100 million for  workplace of the future  facilities and infrastructure enhancements for Boeing employees.Fifth Third Bancorp, a bank headquartered in Ohio, announced that they would raise the minimum hourly wage for all employees to $15 following the tax reform bill and would give a one-time bonus of $1,000 to more than 13,500 of its employees.Wells Fargo announced that they will increase their minimum hourly pay rate to $15, and will  aim for $400M in philanthropic donations next year due to the newly-passed GOP tax bill. Comcast announced that they will give $1,000 bonuses to over 100,000  eligible frontline and non-executive employees  & invest $50 billion over the next five years in infrastructure  based on the passage of tax reform. FedEx announced that the company will ramp up hiring in response to the tax bill.CVS Health announced in October that it the corporate tax rate went down that it would create 3,000 permanent new jobs.Here s President Donald J. Trump s latest tweet with a video explaining the benefits to farmers and middle-income Americans:WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/HY353gXV0R  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2017 ",0
9147,OOPS! Emails Prove Woman Who Accused Trump Of Sexual Assault In The 1990’s Is A Phony…Tried to Get A Job On Trump’s Campaign That Would Require Her To Be Close To Him,"Just a few months before reports of her sexual assault lawsuit against Donald Trump rocked the campaign, cosmetics executive Jill Harth lobbied to be the then-candidate s make-up artist.On Monday, The Hill detailed the story of Harth s repeated efforts to become Trump s campaign makeup artist and to pitch her new male cosmetics product line,  Made Man.  Her solicitations, in both emails and in person, came a few months before her 1997 lawsuit was brought to light, along with several other sexual misconduct allegations against the candidate. The Hill learned of her appeals to Trump in an interview with Harth in December about her friendship with celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom; Trump s lawyers then provided the emails. The Hill followed up with Harth, who defended both her attempts to work with the man she accused of sexual assault and her current call for him to be impeached.In 1997, Harth sued Trump for allegedly pushing her up against a wall and trying to get his hands up her dress during a meeting at Mar-a-Lago in 1993. She eventually withdrew the lawsuit as part of a settlement over Trump allegedly pulling out of a business deal. But as The Hill notes, the tone of her emails to Trump in 2015 was  starkly different  than the tone of her 1997 lawsuit and the interviews she gave about it in 2016.The Hill provides some examples of the emails Harth personally sent to Trump between the summer of 2015 and early 2016: Hi Donald, you are doing a tremendous job of shaking things up in the United States. I am definitely on Team Trump as so many others are,  Jill Harth wrote the future president in an Oct. 1, 2015, email sent to him through his New York company s headquarters. I can t watch television without seeing you or hearing your name everywhere! It s a good thing for sure but PLEASE let me do your makeup for a television interview, a debate, a photo session, anything!  Harth wrote. It kills me to see you looking too orange and with white circles under the eyes. I will get your skin looking smoother and even toned,  she added, boasting she would  sculpt your face  to look good on high-definition television sets.The Hill also notes that Harth is one of the accusers who financially benefited from her work with Bloom on the allegations: the attorney set up a GoFundMe page for Harth that paid off her mortgage and an email revealed that Harth s sales soared after Bloom appeared on TV to discuss her allegations.  Daily WireBIG PAYDAYS FOR TRUMP ACCUSERS:According to FOX News, Legal powerhouse Lisa Bloom tried to line up big paydays for women who were willing to accuse President Trump of sexual misconduct during the final months of last year s election, according to an explosive report.Proud to call Attorney @LisaBloom my friend. She is very warm, smart, caring, & REAL. Watch her interview on  The View . You ll see what I mean. She even mentions me. pic.twitter.com/rAW9CvxGYn  Jill Harth (@jillharth) November 11, 2017The Hill reported Friday that Bloom worked with campaign donors and tabloid media outlets to arrange compensation for the alleged victims and a commission for herself, offering to sell their stories. In one case, Bloom reportedly arranged for a donor to pay off one Trump accuser s mortgage and attempted to score a six-figure payment for another woman. The former ultimately declined to come forward after being offered $750,000, the clients told The Hill. ",0
9148,GREAT SCOTT! SC REP TIM SCOTT HITS BACK AT REPORTER For Calling Him Trump’s Token Black Guy [Video],"Immediately after the House passed the tax reform bill,  members of the Republican caucus went over to the White House for a victory lap. Key lawmakers who had a hand in the bill were there along with Mitch McConnell and Paul RyanAs President Trump spoke, Tim Scott stood next to him. Scott has been a key player in the hard work that went into passing the bill. The snarky left couldn t wait to comment on his appearance at the event with POTUS. This is sickening. Will the left ever practice what it preaches on tolerance?TIM SCOTT TWEETS:HUFFPO REPORTER TWEETS:TIM SCOTT HITS BACK HARD:TIM SCOTT S WONDERFUL COMMENTS ON THE TAX CUT BILL:.@SenatorTimScott: ""This tax reform plan delivers for the average single mother a 70% tax cut."" #TaxReform https://t.co/tkYGGkohS4 pic.twitter.com/3zkeQcMc2B  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 20, 2017BRAVO!",0
9149,“NUMEROUS” CONFLICTING STATEMENTS: Deputy FBI Director in Hot Water After Testimony [Video]," While we re really not surprised by the  conflicting  statements by Andrew McCabe, we just can t believe another type of conflict wasn t an issue long ago. He took hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations from the Clintons for his wife s campaign. It doesn t take a rocket scientist to understand that this is a conflict of interest and wrong on every level. Please see our previous report below on McCabe s involvement in his wife s run for Virginia state senate in 2015.FOX News reports:Congressional investigators tell Fox News that Tuesday s seven-hour interrogation of Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe contained numerous conflicts with the testimony of previous witnesses, prompting the Republican majority staff of the House Intelligence Committee to decide to issue fresh subpoenas next week on Justice Department and FBI personnel.Investigators say McCabe recounted to the panel how hard the FBI had worked to verify the contents of the anti-Trump  dossier  and stood by its credibility. But when pressed to identify what in the salacious document the bureau had actually corroborated, the sources said, McCabe cited only the fact that Trump campaign adviser Carter Page had traveled to Moscow. Beyond that, investigators said, McCabe could not even say that the bureau had verified the dossier s allegations about the specific meetings Page supposedly held in Moscow.The sources said that when asked when he learned that the dossier had been funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee, McCabe claimed he could not recall   despite the reported existence of documents with McCabe s own signature on them establishing his knowledge of the dossier s financing and provenance.FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe testifies behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. pic.twitter.com/GHjihJkmz4  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 19, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON MCCABE:Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act according to a new report by Circa News.The Hatch Act prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Photos of McCabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races.The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government s main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s activities supporting his wife Jill s Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act s prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races.The agency s probe was prompted by a complaint in April from a former FBI agent who forwarded social media photos showing McCabe wearing a T-shirt supporting his wife s campaign during a public event and then posting a photo on social media urging voters to join him in voting for his wife. I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,  McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe s plea to  help me win  by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint.Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe s minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station.Here is another social media photo of our acting #FBI director, #AndrewMcCabe breaking the rules by campaigning on social media. #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/hBCH29yErY  Senator Dick Black (@SenRichardBlack) May 9, 2017The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging  in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group. It defines prohibited political activity as  any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election. An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe s office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat. This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal,  the briefing memo for McAuliffe read.Watch Sean Hannity discuss McCabe s involvement in his wife s campaign as well as his ties to Hillary s campaign:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1R0Wb6f7MwIncluded in the governor s briefing package was a copy of McCabe s FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI s Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia.At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor s close friend, Hillary Clinton s and her private email account.h/t Gateway Pundit",0
9150,BOOM! #AT&T and #Boeing Step Up to Invest Billions and Give Employee Bonuses After Tax Cut Bill [Video],"THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A PRO-GROWTH PRESIDENT TAKES THE REINS: Boeing announces $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future:#Boeing announces $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of #TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future. pic.twitter.com/ZNawbAW7AY  The Boeing Company (@Boeing) December 20, 2017At&T Announces:.@POTUS announces that ""AT&T plans to increase US capital spending $1B and provide $1,000 special bonuses to more than 200,000 US employee"" as a result of the Republican tax reform bill. https://t.co/XtcvkW3NEW pic.twitter.com/JTrdfBOoLx  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 20, 2017AT&T's full statement: ""With Tax Reform, AT&T Plans to Increase U.S. Capital Spending $1 Billion and Provide $1,000 Special Bonus to more than 200,000 U.S. Employees"" pic.twitter.com/Mjttx3D1gI  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) December 20, 2017MAGA!Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/47k9i4p3J2  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2017",0
9151,CHER AND ROSIE In Desperation Mode Over Tax Cuts…Illegal Bribes and “Hate You” Tweets Offered to GOP,"Has-been liberal celebrities took to twitter to voice their displeasure and to offer bribes to change votes. Rosie, Rosie, Rosie she knows better than to throw millions at politicians. she just made herself look like a fool with the tweet below:so how about this i promise to give 2 million dollars to senator susan collins and 2 million to senator jeff flakeif they vote NO NO I WILL NOT KILL AMERICANS FOR THE SUOER RICH DM me susan DM me jeff no shit 2 million casheach  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Cher got nasty when she tweeted out a  hate u  tweet:4get anger.Who are these republicans,who will let ppldie. means nothing if you lose your child,wife,husband, sister,brother,father, mother.trump &his stepford wives r trying 2destroy our beloved America,we will rise up & #Resist.have ten rallies a day.the majority hates u  Cher (@cher) December 20, 2017The left has shown themselves to be totally wacko during the time of the tax cut vote. We ve heard of a woman ripping off her top in the gallery of the House and other downright nasty threats from leftists on twitter:https://twitter.com/ActualEPAFacts/status/943315104862482432Different Democrats have gone full drama mode over this tax cut. Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi have lead the way .Nancy Pelosi just got even more embarrassing than ever She pulled the drama card while commenting on the tax cuts: No this is the end of the world. The debate on health care is life or death. This is Armegeddon! This is a really big deal. Because you know why? It s really hard to come back from this ",0
9152,“PROGRESSIVE” DE BLASIO VISITS IOWA: Denies He’s Running For President…So He Just Wanted To Visit Iowa?,"Soooo, NYC Mayor de Blasio wants you to believe he just wants to visit Iowa. He s been running for President since before he became Mayor, that s why he ran for Mayor. And even in progressive NYC, everyone still despises him for doing nothing. And yes, he s further left than Hillary and Obama.Via Free Beacon: New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D.) on Tuesday repeatedly denied that he is running for president in 2020 during a trip to Iowa, a state that automatically begs questions about White House ambitions if politicians head there. No,  de Blasio said.  I m not running for president. The New York Times noted, however, that de Blasio made Iowa his first stop since his easy re-election to the mayorship. The Iowa caucuses launch the nominating process each presidential election cycle, so any jaunts to the midwestern state attract attention.The Washington Post described the far-left mayor as fielding versions of the 2020 question throughout the day. He described himself as focused on his second term.De Blasio is a total phony HERE S A PREVIOUS REPORT ON DE BLASIO S  PROGRESSIVE  AGENDA:Why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized Barack Obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression. Last week, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled a 13-point national  Progressive Agenda  that is being touted as the liberal  Contract with America. The aim is for the  Progressive Agenda  to become the basis for the Democratic Party s main economic policies, including those of its 2016 presidential candidate.De Blasio has compared his plan to the  Contract with America,  a document released by the Republican Party during the 1994 congressional election and drawn up by future House Speaker Newt Gingrich to serve as the GOP policy agenda.Now WND documents that most of the 13 points in de Blasio s  Progressive Agenda  can also be found in the manifestos and literature of the Communist Party USA and the Socialist Party USA.The full progressive plan, entitled,  The Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality,  can be found on the agenda s new website.Here is a comparison of the Agenda s plan with literature from the manifestos and writings of the Community Party USA, or CPUSA, and the Socialist Party USA, or SPUSA.  Progressive Agenda:  Raise the federal minimum wage, so that it reaches $15/hour, while indexing it to inflation. SPUSA:  We call for a minimum wage of $15 per hour, indexed to the cost of living. CPUSA: Calls for  struggles for peace, equality for the racially and nationally oppressed, equality for women job creation programs, increased minimum wage.   Even with ultra-right control of the Federal government, peoples legislative victories, such as increasing the minimum wage, can be won on an issue-by-issue basis locally, statewide, and even nationally.  Progressive Agenda:  Pass comprehensive immigration reform to grow the economy and protect against exploitation of low-wage workers. SPUSA:  We defend the rights of all immigrants to education, health care, and full civil and legal rights and call for an unconditional amnesty program for all undocumented people. We oppose the imposition of any fees on those receiving amnesty. We call for full citizenship rights upon demonstrating residency for six months. CPUSA: Declares the  struggle for immigrant rights is a key component of the struggle for working class unity in our country today.  Progressive Agenda:  Make Pre-K, after-school programs and childcare universal. SPUSA:  We support public child care starting from infancy, and public education starting at age three, with caregivers and teachers of young children receiving training, wages, and benefits comparable to that of teachers at every other level of the educational system.  Progressive Agenda:  Earned Income Tax Credit.   Implement the  Buffett Rule  so millionaires pay their fair share. SPUSA:  We call for a steeply graduated income tax and a steeply graduated estate tax.  CPUSA:  No taxes for workers and low and middle income people; progressive taxation of the wealthy and private corporations.  Dems hail  beginning of revolution De Blasio criticized Obama as  too conservative  to assert a progressive economic vision and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression, reported the liberal news network.Speaking at the  Progressive Agenda  launch event outside the Capitol building last Tuesday, de Blasio said  something is changing in America. It s time to take that energy and crystallize it into an agenda that will make a difference,  he said.  We ll be calling on leaders and candidates to address these issues, to stiffen their backbones, to be clear and to champion these progressive policies. Read more at WND ",0
9153,FORMER ASST FBI DIRECTOR WARNS ANTI-TRUMP KABAL: “Something is about to happen” [Video],"Former Asst. FBI Director James Kallstrom spoke with Stuart Varney about the details behind the increasingly transparent 2016 and 2017 Joint FBI and DOJ Counterintelligence Operation to target the candidacy -and block the presidency- of Donald J Trump: I think they were trying    KallstromToward the end of the interview Mr. Kallstrom shares his view, based on current FBI contacts, that FBI insiders (white hats) are on the cusp of removing the cloud of mystery behind all of the obvious politicized shenanigans. When asked about his knowledge of the current morale within the FBI: but I think recent events, that I m aware of, are going to improve that, because there s going to be something actually something that s going to happen; in my view.     Well, I think there s a lot of patriots that have just had it up to here, with what s going on. And they re to step forward and tell people what the shenanigans have been; how they shut down the Clinton Foundation investigation; how other things, you know, were done that are so anti what the FBI and United States is all about Read more: conservative treehouse",0
9154,MCCONNELL PUSHES BACK ON MEDIA: I Understand ‘Your Job Is to Use the Democratic Talking Points’ [Video],"WHO KNEW HE HAD IT IN HIM? Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) pushed back against a reporter who asked a question critical of the Republican tax reform bill early Wednesday morning by pointing out it was the reporter s  job  to use  Democratic talking points. McConnell held a press conference shortly after the Senate passed the $1.5 trillion package of tax cuts and tax code revisions in the chamber s 51-48 vote. The vote was at about 1:30 a.m. after much debate on the floor of the Senate. The Democrats are throwing everything but the kitchen sink at the Republicans. They are putting politics before what s best for America. Pro-growth is the way to go! MAGA!A MONTAGE OF HYSTERIA FROM THE LEFT OVER THE TAX BILL AFTER THE HOUSE VOTE BUT BEFORE THE SENATE VOTED ON IT: Check out the woman who breaks into the live feed to call the bill a  scam Wow! What do you say to Sen. Schumer when he says that you guys are going to rue the day that you pass this bill that the politics of passing long-term corporate tax cuts with short-term individual cuts is going to catch up to you guys?  a reporter asked.McConnell cleared his throat and told the reporter he understood his job to  use the Democratic talking points  before explaining why he believes the tax reform bill is good for Americans.",0
9155,WISCONSIN PRIEST COMES OUT AS “GAY” During Sunday Mass…Gets Standing Ovation…Wait…What?,"In 1992, the Vatican under Pope John Paul II published the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which stated, among many other things, that  homosexual tendencies  are  objectively disordered.  One of the principal theologians who shaped the document was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, who would succeed John Paul II as Pope Benedict XVI. He too would take a hard-line stance against homosexuality.Two decades later, Pope Francis has signaled what many believe to be a softening on the matter.In 2013, when asked about gay priests, he famously replied,  Who am I to judge?  He has continued to call for the Catholic Church to treat LGBT people with dignity and respect, and to fight discrimination against sexual minorities.  RNSFrom the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel   The Rev. Gregory Greiten told his congregation Sunday,  I am Greg. I am a Roman Catholic priest. And, yes, I am gay! The priest in the Milwaukee Archdiocese serves as the pastor of St. Bernadette Parish. On Monday, he came out to the rest of the world with a column in the National Catholic Reporter. He received a standing ovation from his parishioners when he made his announcement before the column s publication.Greiten said he was breaking the silence of gay men in the clergy so he could reclaim his own voice.While it is established that there are gay men who serve as priests, it is rare for a priest to come out to his congregation in this way. Greiten shares an estimate in his article that there are between 8,554 and 21,571 gay Catholic priests in the United States from  The Changing Face of the Priesthood.  Church theology teaches that acting upon homosexuality is a sin.In announcing his identity as a gay man, Greiten chastised the Catholic Church for its stance on homosexuality.He wrote: By choosing to enforce silence, the institutional church pretends that gay priests and religious do not really exist. Because of this, there are no authentic role models of healthy, well-balanced, gay, celibate priests to be an example for those, young and old, who are struggling to come to terms with their sexual orientation. This only perpetuates the toxic shaming and systemic secrecy. NYP-Greiten wrote that has decided to stand with the  few courageous priests who have taken the risk to come out of the shadows and have chosen to live in truth and authenticity. The church s silent stance on gay priests perpetuates toxic shaming and systematic secrecy, Greiten wrote. The church needs healthy role models for priests who are struggling to come to terms with their sexual orientation, he said.Greiten met with Milwaukee Archbishop Jerome Listecki before coming out, according to an archdiocese spokeswoman. We support Father Greiten in his own personal journey and telling his story of coming to understand and live with his sexual orientation,  Listecki said in a statement Monday.  As the Church teaches, those with same-sex attraction must be treated with understanding and compassion. ",0
9156,LEBRON JAMES Brags About Being “Well-Spoken”…Proceeds To Use Vocabulary Of A 4-Yr-Old To Trash President Trump,"Is anyone else sick and tired of overpaid athletes who can t even formulate a proper sentence, criticizing President Donald J. Trump, one of the most successful businessmen of our time?After taking a stand for harmony and togetherness by wearing black sneaker and white sneakers with the word  Equality  written on them, to a game in Washington, DC, on Sunday night, NBA star LeBron James took a decidedly less conciliatory tone, in his post-game comments about President Trump.James said,  Obviously I ve been very outspoken and well-spoken about the situation that s going on at the helm here, and we re not going to let one person dictate us, us as Americans, how beautiful and how powerful we are as a people. It certainly was nice of James to add that he s been  well-spoken,  in addition to being outspoken.The three-time NBA champ and future Hall of Famer continued,  No matter the skin color, no matter the race, no matter who you are, I think we all have to understand that having equal rights and being able to stand for something and speak for something and keeping the conversation going. James did not elaborate on what rights he felt were in danger, nor did he explain exactly what  the conversation  was, or where it was going.However, James did speak from a place of unrivaled authority on the subject of being outspoken. In many ways, James has been the anti-Jordan, whereas MJ avoided political entanglements whenever possible, at least since 2012, James has embraced them whenever and wherever possible.James appeared in a photo with his teammates wearing hoodies in honor of Trayvon Martin, a black teenager shot to death by George Zimmerman in 2012. James wore an  I Can t Breathe  t-shirt to warm-ups at Madison Square Garden to show support for Eric Garner, a New York man who died after an altercation with police in 2014.The 13-time All-Star has also held nothing back when it comes to President Trump. In September, James called President Trump  a bum,  after the president rescinded a White House invite to Golden State guard Steph Curry. ",0
9157,FORMER DNC AIDES In Hot Water Over Possible Money Laundering Scheme to Fund Terrorism Overseas,"The plot thickens with the saga of the IT workers who worked for Democrats like Debbie Wasserman Schultz.  They had access to congressional emails and were quite shady. They made millions just disappear. Is this a case of money laundering to fund terrorism?The Daily Caller s Luke Rosiak described it best with this tweet: Need to take $100k in Hezbollah-linked cash while you can read intelligence committee members  emails, as their IT guy? Set up a used car dealership with fake staff, launder it from Iraq thru realtors commissions, and lie about it on House disclosures. Daily Caller reports:The used car dealership known as CIA never seemed like an ordinary car dealership, with inventory, staff and expenses.On its Facebook page, CIA s  staff  were fake personalities such as  James Falls O Brien,  whose photo was taken from a hairstyle model catalog, and  Jade Julia,  whose image came from a web page called  Beautiful Girls Wallpaper. If a customer showed up looking to buy a car from Cars International A, often referred to as CIA, Abid Awan   who was managing partner of the dealership while also earning $160,000 handling IT for House Democrats   would frequently simply go across the street to longstanding dealership called AAA Motors and get one. If AAA borrows a car to Cars International and they have a customer, it was simply take the car across the street and sell it, and then later on give the profit back or not,  Nasir Khattak, who ran the longstanding AAA dealership, testified in a lawsuit.  There was no documentation which is write every transaction that takes place.   If you go and try to dissect, you will not be able to make any sense out of them because there were many, dozens and dozens, of cars transferred between the two dealerships and between other people. Khattak did not explain why he would ruin his existing business to help the Awans.  All of those transactions was to support Cars International A from AAA Motors,  he testified.  That s why I did not make any money from my dealership because my resources were supporting Cars International A. He said only Imran Awan knew what became of the money.  It was Imram, [Abid] Awan s brother, who was running the business in full control,  he said.Imran Awan and his family members were congressional IT aides who investigators said made unauthorized access to the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times. At the same time as they worked for and could read all the emails of members of the House intelligence, homeland security and foreign affairs committees, they also ran a car dealership that took money from a Hezbollah-linked fugitive and whose financial books were indecipherable and business patterns bizarre, according to testimony in court records.While Imran and Abid Awan ran their car dealership in Falls Church, Va. in the early part of the decade, Drug Enforcement Agency officials a few miles away in Chantilly were learning that the Iranian-linked terrorist group frequently deployed used car dealerships in the US to launder money and fund terrorism, according to an explosive new Politico expose.The money that disappeared between the Awans  dealership, some $7 million in congressional pay, the equipment suspected of disappearing from Congress under their watch, and their other side businesses   all while they displayed few signs of wealth and frequently haggled in court over small amounts of money   raise questions about whether the Awans might have been laundering money or sending it to a third party.",0
9158,TREY GOWDY ON PETER STRZOK BIAS AGAINST TRUMP: “I wanna know how the HELL he got there”,"Sunlight is the best disinfectant That s why we think we can t get enough of the evidence coming out about corrupt FBI agents who took it upon themselves to try and destroy Trump.The Daily Caller reports:South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy said Tuesday that FBI agent Peter Strzok s anti-Trump text messages show an  unprecedented  level of bias  you rarely see  from FBI officials.In particular, he was asked about a cryptic message that Strzok sent in Aug. 2016 to FBI lawyer Lisa Page referring to an  insurance policy  that appears to refer to the FBI s investigation of the Trump campaign. I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andy s office   that there s no way [Trump] gets elected   but I m afraid we can t take that risk. It s like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you re 40,  reads the Aug. 15, 2016 text message. He s in the middle of major investigations,  he said of Strzok, adding,  Thank God he s gone, but I want to know how the hell he got there in the first place. We say Amen to that!",0
9159,PELOSI UNHINGED: GOP Tax Reform Bill Is ‘Brazen Theft’… ‘Does Violence’ to Founder’s Vision [Video],"Yes, keeping the money you earned is  brazen theft  from big government LOL! Check out Kevin McCarthy s rip on Pelosi below the first video. Great stuff! House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the Republican tax reform bill  brazen theft  on the floor of the House of Representatives shortly before the bill passed, adding it  does violence  to the vision of the Founding Fathers. This GOP tax scam is simply theft monumental, brazen theft from the American middle-class and from every person who aspires to reach it,  Pelosi said on Tuesday.  The GOP tax scam is not a vote for an investment in growth or jobs, it is a vote to install a permanent plutocracy in our nation. They ll be cheering that later. Pelosi went on to say the tax bill  does violence  to the vision of America s Founding Fathers and  disrespects the sacrifice  of the service of men and women in uniform.GOP Rep. Kevin mcCarthy calls out Pelosi:",0
9160,WHOA! PAUL RYAN Channels Trump…Blasts POLITICO During Press Conference Over #FakeNews Story About His Retirement [VIDEO],"House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.) on Tuesday pushed back against a report from last week that speculated he would not seek reelection in 2018.Ryan spoke at the weekly House Republican leadership press conference and took questions on an array of issues ranging from the House tax bill to speculation that he will not seek reelection in 2018.The speaker was asked about a Politico report that speculated he wouldn t run for reelection, prompting Ryan to push back in a visibly irritated manner. Oh, look. I m not going anywhere anytime soon and let s leave that thing at that,  Ryan said.  I actually think that piece was very irresponsible. It was a speculative piece and it was faulty speculation, and I want to put it to rest. Watch:Last week, Politico reported they interviewed approximately three dozen people, including fellow lawmakers, congressional and administration aides, conservative intellectuals and Republican lobbyists, about Ryan s future in Congress and whether he would seek reelection. None of the people said they believed Ryan would stay in Congress past 2018, according to the report.The House Republican Conference held a closed-door meeting prior to the press conference where Ryan reportedly first clarified he wasn t going anywhere.Politico reporter Rachael Bade, who co-wrote the initial report, tweeted that Ryan  told conference he s not going anywhere and got a standing ovation. .@SpeakerRyan told conference he s not going anywhere and got a standing ovation.  Rachael Bade (@rachaelmbade) December 19, 2017 WFB ",0
9161,HILLARY CLINTON SINGS “Song for Women” In Cameo On The Daily Show [Video],"The Daily Show thought it was appropriate in their yearly recap special to acknowledge some of their biggest moments in a song. The surprise of the song comes at the end Hillary sings?  She s like a bad penny that just keeps showing up everywhere. This is a  Song for Women  sung by a woman who brutalized the women who were sexually assaulted by her husband THE HIGHLIGHT IS THE RIP ON MEGYN KELLY:The song covered a lot of ground, including The Women s March, Elizabeth Warren s  persistence,  Saudi women being able to drive cars, the South Korean President Park Geun-hye s impeachment, Wonder Woman being a box office hit, to Beyonc  Knowles  twins. But they also took a swipe at NBC s Megyn Kelly: Megyn Kelly went to NBC from Fox, $17 million for a show that sucks,  they sang. Hillary Clinton was asked to  take us home. It then cuts to the Democratic candidate in a recording booth belting out a solo:",0
9162,SARAH PALIN’S SON BREAKS Into Family Home…Savagely Beats Dad…Leaves Him Covered In Blood,"The eldest son of ex-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin beat the daylights out of his own father after he broke into his parents home in a drunken rage, according to documents released by local police.Track Palin, 28, was busted Saturday and charged with first-degree burglary, fourth-degree assault and criminal mischief, and remains in custody.A court document said that the younger Palin wanted to visit the home to retrieve a truck.But his father, Todd Palin, told him to stay away because Track Palin was drunk and on pain medication, according to a police affidavit and charging documents obtained by the Los Angeles Times. Track told him he was [going to] come anyway to beat his ass,  according to an affidavit filed by Wasilla Police Officer Adam LaPointe.Todd Palin answered the door armed with a pistol when his son arrived, but Track broke a window to get into the house and then started savagely beating him, cops said.The younger Palin threw his dad to the ground and hit him repeatedly on the head, leaving him covered in blood and with a liquid oozing from his ear, the documents said.Sarah Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee, called police at 8:30 p.m. and said her son was  freaking out and was on some type of medication. When cops arrived, they saw the parents fleeing the house in separate vehicles, Todd Palin with blood running down his face and Sarah Palin looking  visibly upset,  the paper reported.Police confronted Track Palin, who called them  peasants,  and told them to lay down their weapons, according to the documents. Eventually, Palin left the house and was handcuffed.He told cops that had told his father to shoot him several times, according to the documents.  NYP",0
9163,WATCH SWAMP MONSTER James Clapper Make False Claim That Trump is an “Intelligence Asset” for Putin [Video],"Watch some fake news from a swamp creature who should be in jail:Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper referred to President Donald Trump on Monday as an intelligence  asset  for Russian President Vladimir Putin. The term  asset  refers to people with countries or organizations being spied upon who serve as resources for outside spies.Clapper appeared on CNN to discuss Trump s national security strategy speech given Monday, where he referred to Russia as a rival but also said he wanted to form a partnership.The two leaders have also expressed recent gratitude to each other, with Putin calling and thanking Trump for sharing intelligence that helped foil a terror plot and Trump thanking Putin for his recent praise of the American economy.IS THIS GUY KIDDING:This is on the same day that we learn the following about the Obama administration:The Obama administration intentionally derailed investigations into the terrorist group Hezbollah s drug trafficking operation to secure the Iran nuclear deal, according to a new bombshell report.Politico spoke with several members of Project Cassandra, a joint effort between the Drug Enforcement Agency and the Pentagon that was founded in 2008 under the Bush administration to identify and prosecute a drug trafficking, money laundering, and smuggling operation run by the Iranian-backed militants.Over the next eight years, agents working out of a top-secret DEA facility in Chantilly, Virginia, used wiretaps, undercover operations, and informants to map Hezbollah s illicit networks, with the help of 30 U.S. and foreign security agencies.They followed cocaine shipments, some from Latin America to West Africa and on to Europe and the Middle East, and others through Venezuela and Mexico to the United States. They tracked the river of dirty cash as it was laundered by, among other tactics, buying American used cars and shipping them to Africa. And with the help of some key cooperating witnesses, the agents traced the conspiracy, they believed, to the innermost circle of Hezbollah and its state sponsors in Iran.Read more: WFB",0
9164,TRUMP’S NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH Reveals Policy Based on 4 Principles Focusing on ‘America First’,"President Trump delivered a speech on national security that ll knock your socks off. He plans on putting America first: America is in the game and America is going to win.  His strategy involves four basic principles: protecting the homeland by restricting immigration, pressuring trading partners, building up the military and otherwise increasing U.S. influence globally.What s not to love about that? MAGA!Via Fox News: President Trump on Monday unveiled a national security strategy that enshrines his  America First  approach into U.S. policy, stressing American strength and economic security and putting rivals like China and Russia on notice. America is in the game and America is going to win,  Trump said, making clear that the United States will stand up for itself even if that means acting unilaterally or alienating others on issues such as trade, climate change and immigration.In a 20-minute speech, Trump said the U.S. faces  an extraordinarily dangerous world  and one of his goals is to make sure the U.S. is  leading again on the world stage. America is coming back, and America is coming back strong,  he said.Trump, who released his 68-page national security strategy ahead of his speech, said he is making good on campaign pledges that he promised would  revitalize the American economy, rebuild our military, defend our borders, protect our sovereignty and advance our values. Trump s national security strategy, a document mandated by Congress, is based on four principles: protecting the homeland by restricting immigration, pressuring trading partners, building up the military and otherwise increasing U.S. influence globally.Trump also took on the rise in North Korea s nuclear aggression and painted China and Russia as U.S. rivals despite his own relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, which included two telephone calls last week.Bryan Llenas has the rogue regime s reaction.  China and Russia challenge American power, influence, and interests, attempting to erode American security and prosperity,  the strategy document says.  They are determined to make economies less free and less fair, to grow their militaries, and to control information and data to repress their societies and expand their influence. The strategy accuses the two nations of  developing advanced weapons and capabilities that could threaten our critical infrastructure and our command and control architecture. While Trump in his address did not mention Russia meddling in U.S. elections, the written strategy also calls out Moscow for  using information tools in an attempt to undermine the legitimacy of democracies  and says adversaries like Russia  target media, political processes, financial networks and personal data. In a shift from the last administration, Trump s strategy also refers to the  jihadist  terror threat and  Islamist  terror groups. We will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders,  it says.Further, the strategy backs off naming climate change as a major threat. The last such strategy document, prepared by then-President Barack Obama in 2015, declared climate change an  urgent and growing threat to our national security. ",0
9165,UNREAL! DEMOTED DEPUTY AG Bailed On Being Interviewed By Senate Intelligence Committee Today,"Did Bruce Ohr get cold feet?  Demoted Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr was set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The testimony never happened . These people feel so entitled and above the law that they just don t show up to testify. This really implies guilt on his part for not showing up What s he afraid of if he s above board?Could it be that questions might come up about his wife working for the opposition research firm Fusion GPS. Yes, that s certainly a conflict of interest!Demoted Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr was set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The testimony never happened. pic.twitter.com/9vNRe5qukk  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 18, 2017Judicial Watch s Tom Fitton says it s  just incredible  that Ohr didn t show up to testify today:.@JudicialWatch President @TomFitton on Ohr hearing: ""To have this key official not show up is just incredible."" pic.twitter.com/CAq1TKoiTU  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 18, 2017",0
9166,YOU’LL NEVER GUESS Who The New York Times Is Blaming For North Korea’s Decades-Long Famine,"After North Korea s most recent missile launch, the North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Un claimed he had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.  US Defense Secretary James Mattis claimed that North Korea now has the ability to hit  everywhere in the world. Meanwhile, the New York Times is blaming the Trump administration for starving the North Koreans, after placing stricter sanctions on the rogue nation.The left-leaning New York Times bizarrely claimed this week that the decades-long famine plaguing North Korea is not the fault of its brutal communist regime, but most likely due to American interference and foreign policy, saying the  hunger is devastating. And it s our fault. The article, published over the weekend, lays the blame of millions of starved and tortured North Koreans at the feet of the American administration, saying the US and its allies have  crippled  Kim Jong Un s ability to feed his own people. Led by the United States, the international community is crippling North Korea s economy,  writes the author.  In August and September, the United Nations Security Council passed resolutions banning exports of coal, iron, lead, seafood and textiles and limiting the import of crude oil and refined petroleum products. The United States, Japan and South Korea have each imposed bilateral sanctions on Pyongyang to further isolate the country. We are trying to inflict pain on the North Korean regime to stop the development of nuclear weapons and missiles. That s understandable. But in the process, we are also punishing the most vulnerable citizens and shackling the ability of humanitarian agencies to deliver aid to them,  the author adds.North Korea s massive food shortages date back to the 1990s when dictator Kim Jong Il s regime was incapable of handling droughts and other natural disasters that cut dwindling food supplies by over 30%.   Hannity.com ",0
9167,JUST IN: OBAMA REGIME Demanded Homeland Security Officials Stop Using “Sharia” and “Jihadist” Language…Look Who Just Changed That Language [VIDEO],"President Trump addressed the America people today, as he outlined a new and bold national security strategy. The American people are generous. You are determined, you are brave, you are strong, and you are wise. When the American people speak, all of us should listen. And just over one year ago, you spoke loud and you spoke clear. And On November 8th, 2016, you voted to Make America Great Again. You embraced new leadership, and very new strategies, and also a glorious new hope, that is why we are here today. But to seize the opportunities of the future, we must first understand the failures of the past. America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Legal Insurrection reports- The White House has unveiled President Donald Trump s national security strategy. It has four main points: Protect America, promote our prosperity, preserve peace through strength, and advance our influence.But one of the biggest points is the return of using  jihadist  and  Sharia,  language President Barack Obama s administration tried to avoid.From Fox News: The primary transnational threats Americans face are from jihadist terrorists and transnational criminal organizations,  the document states, according to excerpts released ahead of the speech.A search of the document shows the word jihadist appears 24 times in the 68 page document. Obama s 2015 national security strategy mentioned Islam twice.The document mentions that America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Trump listed the ways to do this: disrupt terror plots, take direct actions, eliminate terrorist safe havens, sever sources of strength, share responsibility, and combat radicalization & recruitment in communities.David Reaboi at Security Studies Group noted another massive change:Here is my favorite part of the National Security Strategy and it s MASSIVE Admin acknowledges Sharia is goal and driving force behind Islamist terror groups. Obama effectively banned use of any of this terminology. pic.twitter.com/2HVHhnVqjX  David Reaboi (@davereaboi) December 18, 2017He is correct. Back in January 2016, Homeland Security released a report that called for officials to stop using jihad and sharia. The Washington Free Beacon reported at the time:Under the section on terminology, the report calls for rejecting use of an  us versus them  mentality by shunning Islamic language in  Countering Violent Extremism  programs, or CVE, the Obama administration s euphemism that seeks to avoid references to Islam.Under a section on recommended actions on terminology, the report says DHS should  reject religiously-charged terminology and problematic positioning by using plain meaning American English. Government agencies should employ  American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma,  states the June 2016 report by the Council s countering violent extremism subcommittee. The DHS report stated that to avoid a confrontational  us versus them  stance in public efforts to counter Islamic radicalization, government programs should use the term  American Muslim  instead of  Muslim American. The Obama administration insisted on this even though ISIS made it NO secret that they wanted the world to live under Sharia law. The terrorist group even formed an all female brigade to help enforce Sharia law through brutal and violent means. ",0
9168,Over Half Of The 23 NFL Players Still Kneeling During The National Anthem Are From One Team,"Are you one bit surprised by the fact that the one team still doing the most kneeling during the national anthem is the Seattle Seahawks? Seattle happens to be home to many, many social justice warriors so this protest is perfect for the city of Seattle.Daily Caller reports: The national anthem protest has mostly subsided 15 weeks into the NFL season, and the players on just one team outnumber those around the rest of the league who are continuing to kneel.Twelve players on the Seattle Seahawks knelt for the national anthem ahead of their game against the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday. Only 11 other players among the other 31 teams in the NFL are also continuing to protest, according to a breakdown by CNS News.The only other team with multiple players kneeling on Sunday was Colin Kaepernick s former team, the San Francisco 49ers. The Oakland Raiders, Tennessee Titans, Los Angeles Rams, New York Giants, Miami Dolphins, Los Angeles Chargers and Kansas City Chiefs each had one player kneel.Kaepernick began the national anthem protest at the start of the 2016-17 season when he was still quarterback of the 49ers. The former player turned activist opted out of his contract during the off-season and has not been picked up by another team since.He s a hero to the left and to the perpetual victims out there ",0
9169,JUST IN: Obama Regime Helped Terror Group #Hezbollah Traffic Drugs In U.S “So The Iran Nuke Deal Would Go Ahead”…Proceeds Were Allegedly Used To Design New IED’s That Killed US Troops In Iraq,"This could be one of the largest scandals of our time.  Meanwhile, back in Washington it s all about Trump and Russia, Russia, Russia.The Obama administration has been accused of sabotaging an operation to stop Hezbollah smuggling drugs into the US so that the nuclear deal with Iran could proceed.In a stunning expos  by Politico, the former US President s officials are said to have opened the door for trafficking and money laundering operations by the terror group founded by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.The nuclear deal agreed to scrap crippling economic sanctions on Iran in return for a promise from to Tehran to stop nuclear development. By putting themselves between the DEA and Hezbollah, the Obama administration helped the militant group grow into a global security threat that is suspected of designing IEDs used to kill American troops, the report said. Donald Trump s White House slapped at his predecessor Sunday night, with press secretary Sarah Sanders tweeting that the story shows a contrast of  President Trump s success against ISIS vs. President Obama s appeasement of terrorists. And a Republican House leadership aide told DailyMail.com on Monday that the Obama White House  was the worst of the worst when it came to fighting terrorism in the ways that mattered most. The Drug Enforcement Administration led a complex venture called Project Cassandra to tackle the criminality of the Lebanese militant group from 2008 on.But it is claimed Obama s people threw down a number of roadblocks, effectively paving the way for Hezbollah s illegal activities including cocaine smuggling into the US which agents believe raked in $1 billion for the terror group. DEA agents claim the Obama administration stopped them arresting key figures linked to Hezbollah as an agreement on the Iran nuclear deal approached   and scrapped Project Cassandra entirely once the terms were agreed in 2015. Hezbollah s $1 billion-a-year international criminal operation. International drug smuggling operation founded by the mastermind of the bombing of Beirut bombing that killed 241 US Marines in 1983.The organization is now expected to be working with the Zetas cartel to smuggle tonnes of cocaine into the United States One of the world s top cocaine traffickers called  The Ghost  is a Hezbollah operative.Same man accused of selling chemical weapons to Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad.Hezbollah launders its drugs profits by allegedly shipping used cars from America to Africa and selling them.Money laundering also takes place through South America, the Middle East, and the US.Lebanese arms dealer Ali Fayad is a suspected top Hezbollah operative, according to Politico, and is believed to report to Vladimir Putin.Fayad is accused of plotting the murder of American government workers.Venezuela s vice president Tareck El Aissami is believed to be deeply involved in cocaine trafficking and is an ally of Hezbollah.Hezbollah is believed to be providing weapons and training to anti-American Shiite militias.An alleged Hezbollah drugs kingpin is based in Colombia and is accused of working with the Zetas cartel to smuggle cocaine into the US.Proceeds from the operations were allegedly used to design new IEDs that killed US troops in IraqThe nuclear deal agreed to scrap crippling economic sanctions on Iran in return for a promise from to Tehran to stop nuclear development.By putting themselves between the DEA and Hezbollah, the Obama administration helped the militant group grow into a global security threat that is suspected of designing IEDs used to kill American troops, the report said.David Asher, who helped establish Project Cassandra, told Politico:  This was a policy decision, it was a systematic decision.  They serially ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down. He added that the closer Obama came to finalizing the Iran nuclear deal, the more difficult the DEA s job became.The weapons agreement was announced in January 2016, which coincided with Project Cassandra officials being moved on to other assignments.  Daily Mail ",0
9170,"HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? LATINO IMMIGRANT, ANTI-TRUMP Activist Group With Ties To George Soros and ACORN Awarded More Than $25 MILLION In Taxpayer Funds","The fact that it has taken so long to uncover massive taxpayer funds being used to directly target our President and one of two major political parties in America should frighten ever taxpaying American.WFB   A liberal activist group that has been involved in direct action campaigns against President Donald Trump and Republicans was recently awarded $400,000 more in taxpayer-backed government grants, records show.Make the Road New York (MRNY), a New York City-based Latino immigrant group with nearly 20,000 dues-paying members, is closely linked to an $80 million dollar anti-Trump network and an approved funding group of the Democracy Alliance, a secretive liberal donor network.MRNY has already hauled in millions of dollars in government grants. Between 2002 and 2014, the group was the recipient of more than $20 million in grants, the Washington Free Beacon previously reported. The amount that they received in 2015 and 2016 are not fully known, given the group s most recently available tax form is from 2014.According to USASpending, a site that tracks federal government grants, MRNY was given $725,000 in grants in 2015 and more than $4.4 million in 2016. However, figures on the site show only a fraction of the total amount in government grants the group has received in previous years as marked on their tax forms.On August 10, MRNY was awarded another grant totaling $420,000 from the Department of Education, records show.MRNY was behind the widely covered protests at the JFK airport following Trump s initial travel ban. The protests, which were billed as spontaneous at the time, were later found to be in the works since one day after the presidential election.The group was involved in the #DeleteUber campaign after Uber allowed drivers to pick up passengers from the airport during the protests. Travis Kalanick, Uber s founder, stepped down from Trump s advisory council following the activist campaign.MRNY was also a part of the #GrabYourWallet campaign, which targeted retailers that sold Trump family products. Nordstrom dropped Ivanka Trump products following the campaign, but cited declining sales as the reason why it had made the decision.MRNY has  partnered  with the Center for Popular Democracy, a New York-based liberal nonprofit that contains old chapters of the controversial and now-defunct Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), on a  Corporate Backers of Hate  campaign that targeted companies the group s claimed could profit from Trump s policies.The Center for Popular Democracy refers to MRNY as its  sister  organization in the biography of Ana Maria Archila, one of its co-executive directors, on its website. The two groups have swapped a number of individuals throughout recent years. Archila was the co-executive director of MRNY prior to her current position.Andrew Friedman, the other co-executive director of the Center for Popular Democracy, founded MRNY in 1997 and spent years building up the organization before moving to the Center for Popular Democracy. Friedman also sits on the board of directors of MRNY.Javier Valdes, the co-executive director of MRNY, sits on the board of directors of the Center for Popular Democracy.The groups have additionally transferred hundreds of thousands of dollars to each other. In 2013, MRNY passed $122,112 to the Center for Popular Democracy. In 2014, MRNY gave the group $25,000, according to tax forms.The Center for Popular Democracy sent $253,900 to MRNY in 2013 with another $100,000 going to its action fund. The Center for Popular Democracy then sent $286,042 to MRNY in 2015.The Center for Popular Democracy s action fund is also spearheading a massive $80 million dollar anti-Trump network that will span across 32 states with 48 local partners.Members of the Democracy Alliance, a secretive network of deep-pocketed liberal donors that was co-founded by billionaire George Soros, are recommended to donate to the Center for Popular Democracy, which receives generous funding from Soros. ",0
9171,"ATLANTA: PANDEMONIUM As World’s Largest Airport Goes DARK…Airport Evacuated…1,161 Flights Canceled [VIDEO]","There has to something more to this story than what we re being told. If there isn t more to this story, then Atlanta Airport officials and Georgia Power are going to have some explaining to do A complete power outage at the nation s busiest airport, the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, grounded flights Sunday afternoon, threatening to cause a holiday travel nightmare for fliers across the country just over a week before Christmas.Thousands of passengers were stranded and flights were grounded or delayed as a power outage crippled Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport   the world's busiest airport pic.twitter.com/WpWQLGu5GD  EAGLE WINGS (@NIVIsa4031) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said that repairs are  well underway  at the airport and power is expected to be restored around midnight on Sunday, and the airport tweeted that  Power on Concourse F is back ON! Washington Examiner s Byron York tweeted only two hours ago, that  no one seems to know why  the power outage happened.The Atlanta airport story is huge. By far the nation's largest airport, it just goes dark, operations shut down. Thousands stranded, in very difficult situations. And nobody seems to know why.  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 17, 2017 We are working with great urgency w/ @Georgia Power to restore power through rest of airport,  the tweet read.According to FlightAware.com, 1,161 flights have been canceled at Hartsfield-Jackson as of 8:20 p.m. ET.Delta passengers were not happy with how things were being handled, especially the passengers who were stuck on the tarmac for several hours, unable to disembark from the planes:Oh. My. God. Just left ATL airport last night at midnight after 15 hours of travel. If I had been stuck against my will in my plane on tarmac..Gives me anxiety just thinking about it. That s A LOT of ppl in tight space.  SidNey (@OhGoSquid) December 18, 2017Fox News reported on the outage:Power outage at Atlanta airport causes 'pandemonium,' grounds flights https://t.co/Och4XslbLi pic.twitter.com/VX5lnpZMFQ  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said in a statement Sunday evening that  the issue may have involved a fire which caused extensive damage in a Georgia Power underground electrical facility. The airport said power had been restored to one of its six concourses around 7:30 p.m., about seven hours after the initial outage, and Georgia Power said it expects to have power fully restored to the airport by midnight.CNBC News reporter Ethan Kraft reports that Chick-fil-A s CEO Dan Cathy will coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at the airport:Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed says he spoke with Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy to coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at #ATLairport, who have been in the dark since 2p ET  Ethan Kraft (@ethan_kraft) December 18, 2017Fire crews were able to extinguish the fire and had begun assessing damage and beginning repairs, but they had not yet been able to ascertain the cause of the blaze, the utility said.  FOX NewsNBC News  Airport officials said a large portion of the facility had been affected and that repair teams had been working to address the situation since around 1:30 p.m. ET.Not everyone is buying the  fire  story however. This Twitter user believes that terror threat is the cause for the evacuation:The #atlairport has been evacuated, passangers are standing outside on the tarmac, no one is allowed to leave. I think a high level #Hivite was trying to get away, or they've disrupted a major terror attack. It's not being reported by @CNN (headquarters in Atlanta) #MediaBlackOut  Sarah Ruth Ashcraft (@SaRaAshcraft) December 17, 2017Many citizens are questioning the story they are being told about a simple power outage, and wondering why, in the largest airport in the world, there isn t any back up power?https://twitter.com/tonyabonya/status/942576639887663104Officials with the Atlanta Police Department told WSB-TV the airport is evacuating travelers inside.A spokesperson told The Associated Press that no areas outside the airport were affected by the outage. However, flights at Chicago airports O Hare International and Midway both have canceled flights   but it s not yet clear if they were canceled due to Atlanta s outage. Dealing with the power outage at the Atlanta airport was actually insane and I'll post other scary videos later. But the staff was having to slide down the escalators to help people and it was amusing. Finally in the car headed home. #atlantaairport #atl #atlantaA post shared by  sarahmanleyy (@sarahmanleyy) on Dec 17, 2017 at 2:54pm PSTDelta Airlines, which is headquartered in Atlanta, said it had canceled approximately 900 mainline and Delta Connection flights. Passengers should check the status of their flights, the airline said. Pending full resumption of power, Delta anticipates a near-full schedule Monday in Atlanta, though some delays and cancellations can be expected,  the airline said on its website.The airline said it would issue a waiver to those who were traveling through Atlanta with the airline on Dec. 17 or 18. The airline also said it would give travelers a refund if they would like to cancel their trip because their flight was canceled or delayed more than 90 minutes.Those arriving for their flights were met with long lines and a pitch dark airport. No escalators, elevators or information screens were operational.Brian Moote, 36, the morning host of an Atlanta radio show, said he was returning home on a flight from Dallas when the power went out in the airport. Moote said he and his fellow passengers had been stuck in their plane on the tarmac for nearly six hours, beginning at around 12:30 p.m. ET. ",0
9172,JUST IN: Fusion GPS Sued By 3 Billionaires Over Their “Defamation” In War Against Trump,"ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES:Three Russian billionaires are hitting back after they say they were defamed by the opposition research firm Fusion GPS. The Russians  lawsuit says the dossier s assertions  falsely accuse  the three and Alfa  of criminal conduct and alleged cooperation with the  Kremlin  to influence the 2016 presidential election.  It says Fusion recklessly spread the charges to journalists.FUSION GPS FEELS THE KARMA:Fusion GPS, the producer of the infamous fake Trump dossier, is fending off in court three of Russia s richest oligarchs by painting them as corrupt bankers in bed with President Vladimir Putin.The three primary investors in Moscow s Alfa Bank   Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan   filed a libel lawsuit against Fusion in October. Fusion s dossier, written by former British spy Christopher Steele, says two of them engineered cash bribes to Mr. Putin. The dossier also implies that the bank colluded with Mr. Putin to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election by hacking Democratic Party computers.The lawsuit describes the three billionaires as international businessmen who became  collateral damage  in Fusion s war to destroy the Donald Trump campaign. This is a defamation case brought by three international businessmen who were defamed in widely disseminated political research reports commissioned by political opponents of candidate Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election cycle,  says a Dec. 12 filing in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The reports are gravely damaging in that, directly or by implication, they falsely accuse the plaintiffs   and Alfa, a consortium in which the plaintiffs are investors   of criminal conduct and alleged cooperation with  Kremlin  to influence the 2016 presidential election,  says the complaint by the New York law firm Carter Ledyard & Milburn.Fusion responded in court by relying on Wikipedia and its press citations to paint a dark picture of three oligarchs who, the media say, capitalized on Russia s freewheeling post-communism era to engage in financial scandals. Fusion depicted the three as publicity-seeking financial titans who are public figures under U.S. law.Unlike private citizens, public figures face a high bar in libel lawsuits. In this case, the Russian businessmen, if deemed public figures, must prove that Fusion spread the dossier charges with malice   meaning the opposition research firm knew its accusations were untrue or showed reckless disregard for the truth.THREE BILLIONAIRES: Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan are three of the most prominent oligarchs in Russian history,  the Fusion memo states.  With their incredible wealth and political power, each has had a pronounced influence on the economic and political affairs of Russia.   Any search returns an avalanche of articles about their business endeavors, their wealth, their political and economic power, their close relationship with the Kremlin and their misconduct. At issue is Mr. Steele s September 2016 writings devoted to Alfa (which he wrongly spells Alpha), one of 17 memos making up the dossier from June to December 2016.He states that the Alfa Bank paid  illicit cash  directly from Mr. Fridman and Mr. Aven to Mr. Putin via Oleg Govorun, now a senior Kremlin figure,  throughout the 1990s. Mr. Govorun s official resume states that he was an executive for Alfa only from 1997 to 2000.Mr. Steele titled the September memo,  Presidential Election: Kremlin-Alpha Group Co-Operation. READ MORE: WT",0
9173,“GUATEMALAN” MAN DIES After Falling Into WASTE GRINDER At Meat Plant…Former Worker Claims They Hire “90% Illegal Aliens”…Including “10-12 Yr Old Kids”,"This story is absolutely horrific, but not surprising. Bleeding heart liberals aren t doing illegal aliens any favors by fighting for them to come here, only to be abused by their employers, who hire them, and then hold their illegal immigration status over their heads when they demand safer working conditions. (See video below)A worker caught in a machine at a meat processing plant has died in Ohio, according to local authorities.Samuel Martinez, 62, was killed by the machine on Saturday afternoon at the Fresh Mark plant in Canton, Ohio.The  Guatemalan national  died at the scene.According to the Stark County Coroner s Office, the man stepped into a chute and was stuck in the waste grinder.In a statement released on Saturday, Fresh Mark said that they would work with local law enforcement to figure out what caused the accident.This afternoon just before 5 pm, we experienced a work-related fatality at our Canton facility, they said. Our primary concern rests with the wellbeing of this employee s family, as well as with the safety and well-being of all our employees in the Canton and other Fresh Mark facilities. We are working with authorities to determine the facts regarding this incident. The incident marks the second of such to happen at the company.In 2011, an employee was electrocuted while trying to plug in a fan as he was standing in water.The company sells pork related meat under the Superior and Sugardale brands.  Daily Mail In 2011, Steve Salvi, the founder of Ohio Jobs & Justice PAC interviewed an Ohio worker that made some startling allegations regarding the alleged hiring of underaged illegal aliens at one of Fresh Mark s Sugardale meatpacking plants in Canton, Ohio. In addition to outing the company for hiring underage illegal alien workers, the former Fresh Mark employee claims a veteran returned from Iraq and applied for a job at the meat processing company. The veteran was allegedly turned down until he could prove that he spoke the Spanish language.In May 2017, the very liberal New Yorker published a story about a 17-year old Guatemalan boy who was too young to work in a factory, and lost his leg due to the unsafe working conditions at neighboring Case Farms in Ohio. The New Yorker says the Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America.Osiel sanitized the liver-giblet chiller, a tublike contraption that cools chicken innards by cycling them through a near-freezing bath, then looked for a ladder, so that he could turn off the water valve above the machine. As usual, he said, there weren t enough ladders to go around, so he did as a supervisor had shown him: he climbed up the machine, onto the edge of the tank, and reached for the valve. His foot slipped; the machine automatically kicked on. Its paddles grabbed his left leg, pulling and twisting until it snapped at the knee and rotating it a hundred and eighty degrees, so that his toes rested on his pelvis. The machine  literally ripped off his left leg,  medical reports said, leaving it hanging by a frayed ligament and a five-inch flap of skin. Osiel was rushed to Mercy Medical Center, where surgeons amputated his lower leg.Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America. In 2015 alone, federal workplace-safety inspectors fined the company nearly two million dollars, and in the past seven years, it has been cited for two hundred and forty violations. That s more than any other company in the poultry industry except Tyson Foods, which has more than thirty times as many employees. David Michaels, the former head of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), called Case Farms  an outrageously dangerous place to work.  Four years before 17 year old Guatemalan worker, Osiel L pez P rez lost his leg, Michaels s inspectors had seen Case Farms employees standing on top of machines to sanitize them and warned the company that someone would get hurt. Just a week before Osiel s accident, an inspector noted in a report that Case Farms had repeatedly taken advantage of loopholes in the law and given the agency false information.  The company has a twenty-five-year track record of failing to comply with federal workplace-safety standards,  Michaels said.Case Farms has built its business by recruiting some of the world s most vulnerable immigrants, who endure harsh and at times illegal conditions that few Americans would put up with. When these workers have fought for higher pay and better conditions, the company has used their immigration status to get rid of vocal workers, avoid paying for injuries, and quash dissent. Thirty years ago, Congress passed an immigration law mandating fines and even jail time for employers who hire unauthorized workers, but trivial penalties and weak enforcement have allowed employers to evade responsibility. Under President Obama, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agreed not to investigate workers during labor disputes. Advocates worry that President Trump, whose Administration has targeted unauthorized immigrants, will scrap those agreements, emboldening employers to simply call ice anytime workers complain.",0
9174,ERIC HOLDER DOUBLES DOWN with Second Threat Against Firing Mueller,"Eric Holder just doubled down on threats this old radical is off his rocker. He might be shaking in his boots that his corruption will be exposed too. We know there s plenty of it to go around Benghazi is just one of many ABSOLUTE RED LINE: the firing of Bob Mueller or crippling the special counsel s office. If removed or meaningfully tampered with, there must be mass, popular, peaceful support of both. The American people must be seen and heard   they will ultimately be determinative. ABSOLUTE RED LINE: the firing of Bob Mueller or crippling the special counsel s office. If removed or meaningfully tampered with, there must be mass, popular, peaceful support of both. The American people must be seen and heard   they will ultimately be determinative.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) December 17, 2017We previously reported on Eric Holder and Obama s  Ethics Czar  threatening against firing Mueller:This is the height of irony. Obama s ethics czar  is threatening to  take the streets  if Mueller is fired. Eric Holder also threatened congress not to fire Mueller:Speaking on behalf of the vast majority of the American people, Republicans in Congress be forewarned:any attempt to remove Bob Mueller will not be tolerated.These are BS attacks on him/his staff that are blatantly political-designed to hide the real wrongdoing. Country not party  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) December 14, 2017NOW THIS:The federal government s former ethics czar says he is  stocking up  on  gear  in order to  take the streets  in the event that President Trump removes Robert Mueller as special counsel. I m concerned the assault on the rule of law is coming over the holidays when we re distracted. It ll be a defining moment for the Republic,  Walter Shaub wrote on Twitter on Friday.Shaub, an Obama appointee who quit his position earlier this year in protest against Trump, circulated a advertisement for an event sponsored by MoveOn.org, the left-wing activist group.He tried to walk back the threatening tweet but if he s in the camp of organizations like MoveOn.org, it s clear he s ready to rumble.Read more: Daily Caller ",0
9175,BERNIE SANDERS Just Proved His Cluelessness on What Makes Economies Grow [Video],"Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) said Sunday Democrats would  absolutely  raise the corporate tax rate if they take back control of Congress. If the Democrats take control of the Senate, and you caucus with the Democrats, what s the promise to America about what will be done to reverse the state of affairs that you re so unhappy with?  CBS host John Dickerson asked on  Face The Nation. Sanders jumped into income inequality before changing the subject to child health care and the  Dreamers  before being interrupted by Dickerson to re-ask the original question. If Democrats take control, are corporate taxes going up?  Dickerson asked. I think we re going to take a very hard look at this entire tax bill and make it a tax bill that works for the middle class, and working families, not for the top one percent and large multinational corporations,  Sanders said.Dickerson continued to press Sanders for an answer to Democrats raising corporate tax if they were to take control after the 2018 elections. The Republican tax bill that could pass this week lowers the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent.Sanders is clueless when it comes to business and taxes probably because he has been on the government dole for life. Sanders is in love with Socialism need we say more.",0
9176,WATCH: Democrat Heads Are Exploding After What Newly Elected Alabama Senator Doug Jones Just Said In Defense Of President Trump and His Supporters," The newly elected US Senator Doug Jones (D-AL) just won the election by a small margin in a state where a Republican hasn t won for 25 years. Jones was pegged as a  liberal  and a  pro-abortion  by his opponents in the highly contentious race against the accused sexual predator, and ultra-conservative candidate, Roy Moore. Jones, however, is no dummy. In a deep-red state who voted overwhelmingly for President Trump in 2016, Jones knows that he will be a one-term senator unless he gets behind the wildly popular Donald Trump, and based on his first interview with the press, that s exactly what he plans to do.Senator-elect Doug Jones is already breaking with some prominent Democrats by refusing to call for President Trump to step down over ongoing sexual harassment allegations. I don t think that the president ought to resign at this point,  Jones (D-Ala.) told CNN s  State of the Union. In his first round of Sunday show interviews since securing a stunning victory in red state Alabama over accused sexual predator Roy Moore, Jones said he doesn t want to get bogged down in Trump s sexual harassment allegations and would rather work on  real issues. I think we need to move on and not get distracted by those issues,  Jones added.  Let s get on with the real issues that are facing the people of this country right now. That s at odds with some high-profile Democrats like Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (NY) and Cory Booker (NJ) who believe the president should step down because at least 19 women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct.Unlike other politicians who have stepped down, like Sen. Al Franken and Rep. John Conyers, Jones said the difference is the voters knew about these allegations and still elected Trump to the highest office. Those allegations were made and he was elected president of the United States,  Jones said.  I think the American people spoke. Jones said he s willing to work with Republicans on passing some of Trump s priorities like infrastructure investment said the sexual harassment allegations are not reason to get on Trump s bad side. We need to move on and try to work with some real issues that are facing the country and not worry about getting at odds with the president any more than we have to,  Jones said.Gillibrand last week said Trump  committed assault  according to the  very credible allegations  and  he should resign. Trump, who has routinely denied any wrongdoing, shot back at the junior senator with what was widely panned as a sexually suggestive tweet Tuesday   the same day Democrats turned out in droves for Jones in Alabama to defeat a Trump-backed candidate.  NYP",0
9177,JUST IN: DISGRACED DEMOCRAT HARRY REID Funneled MASSIVE Taxpayer Funds To Donor For UFO Research Through SECRET Defense Department Program,"The Defense Department secretly set up a program ten years ago to investigate unidentified flying objects, or UFOs, at the urging of then-Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, according to new reports.Both The New York Times and the website Politico published stories Saturday revealing the existence of the Pentagon s now-defunct Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program.The New York Times said the UFO program began in 2007, while Politico reported in began in 2009.According to the reports, Reid, a Nevada Democrat, helped steer money under the program to a donor s aerospace research company.A Pentagon spokesman said the UFO program ended in 2012, though The New York Times said the Defense Department still investigates potential episodes of unidentified flying objects. The Advanced Aviation Threat Identification Program ended in the 2012 timeframe,  Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White told Politico.  It was determined that there were other, higher-priority issues that merited funding and it was in the best interest of the DoD to make a change. White added:  The DoD takes seriously all threats and potential threats to our people, our assets, and our mission and takes action whenever credible information is developed. Politico said the program was not classified but few officials knew about it. Reid secured the funding for the program in 2009 with the help of former Hawaii Democratic Sen. Daniel Inouye and former Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens, who have both since died.Both outlets said Reid s interest in UFOs was the result of friend, and donor Bob Bigelow, who owns Bigelow Aerospace and has said before he is  absolutely convinced  aliens exist and UFOs have visited Earth.The New York Times said the program had a $22 million annual budget and  most of the money  went to Bigelow s research company, which hired subcontractors and solicited research for the program. I m not embarrassed or ashamed or sorry I got this thing going,  Reid told the newspaper.  I think it s one of the good things I did in my congressional service. I ve done something that no one has done before. Both outlets said the person who ran the program, Luis Elizondo, resigned in October and complained about a lack of interest from top officials about it.   FOX News",0
9178,IT JUST GOT REAL! GOP Rep. Jim Jordan Tells Judge Jeanine Key Players in anti-Trump Scam Will Be Subpoenaed [Video],"One of the big players in trying to get to the truth about the bias against President Trump just told Judge Jeanine that this is getting serious and very real. Four key players will be subpoenaed!FIREWORKS!   GOP Rep. Jim Jordan reveals the House Judiciary Committee will subpoena Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, Bruce and Nellie Ohr pic.twitter.com/PO8o6nsI0k  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) December 17, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON JORDAN: Rep. Jordan is firm in his desire to get to the bottom of what is going on at the FBI and DOJ:GOP Rep. Jim Jordan on Lou Dobbs: Listen you can t make this stuff up. It gets worse each and every day. What deep down scares me, if this actually happened the FBI had a concerted effort with the people at the top to go after one party s nominee to help the other party s nominee. If that actually happened in the United States of America and everything each and every day points to more and more likely that that is what took place, it is sad for our country if that took place. And I think it did based on everything I am seeing. All the evidence points to that..@Jim_Jordan on Peter Strzok: ""In case the American people, in his mind, are crazy enough to elect Donald Trump we need something else to stop Trump. That's what this guy was thinking at the highest levels  at the FBI."" pic.twitter.com/vNWUhDvDuE  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 14, 2017The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified yesterday about the clear case of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. Changing Hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that Jim Jordan knows this goes much deeper. Hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on President Trump s back using the FISA court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true The questioning from Jordan is well worth watching:BYRON YORK:An insurance policy? From the Strzok-Page texts. https://t.co/Ru5P1dWFXI pic.twitter.com/hiyApwb7Jg  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 13, 2017BRET BAIER:Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): ""I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy's office-that there's no way he gets elected-but I'm afraid we can't take that risk.It's like an insurance policy in unlikely event u die be4 you're 40""  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) December 13, 2017ANDREW MCCARTHY COMMENTED ON THE TWEET THAT EXPOSED THE AGENTS FOR THEIR POLITICAL BIAS:Obviously, this is not political banter. Clearly indicates professional duties infected by political viewpoints, which is disqualifying. I was going on the published accounts I'd seen, which didn't include this one. Should follow my own advice to wait til all facts in. https://t.co/fXk7GPnk5U  Andrew C. McCarthy (@AndrewCMcCarthy) December 13, 2017",0
9179,BIZARRE 2006 FILM Starring Former White House Staffer OMAROSA Surfaces With Crazy Plot Around Stealing Donald Trump’s Hair,"There are conflicting reports about why the outrageous Omarosa Manigault Newman is leaving her undefined job at the White House. It was first reported that she was escorted out of the White House by Secret Service after General Kelly had enough of her nonsense, and fired her. Omarosa appeared on Good Morning America the following day to refute those claims, saying she resigned from her job and was not fired or escorted out of the White House as reported. So who is Omarosa, and why is she such a polarizing figure? Does this 2006 video that just emerged offer any clues?A pop-culture polymath sent Page Six a link to  Soul Sistahs,  an ultra-camp, hyper-kitsch, uber-low-budget 10-minute sci-fi short film.While the plot is virtually incomprehensible, as far as we can tell it focuses on an intergalactic yenta in a housecoat who kidnaps Omarosa in an attempt to steal Donald Trump s hair as part of a difficult-to-understand get-rich-quick scheme.The mini-flick was made back in 2006   two years after Omarosa shot to fame on Trump s NBC show  The Apprentice. In this vaguely  Barbarella -inspired work, the aging villain drugs Omarosa by feeding her spiked cake, whereupon the red PVC-clad former director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison goes off on a motorcycle to steal the future president s hair in a showdown on top of a CGI-created Trump Tower.The film, which has been viewed a mere 6,000 times   as our source put it:  It s a cult classic. I m the cult    was made by former In Touch Weekly photo director Michael Todd, tabloid veteran Matt Coppa and his brother Andrew Coppa.   NYP ",0
9180,FOX NEWS BOMBSHELL REPORT: Trump Transition Team Lawyer Accuses Robert Mueller Of Improperly Obtaining Documents Related To Russian Probe,"On Friday, Democrats were doing their best to push a rumor that President Trump is about to fire special counsel Robert Mueller before Christmas. According to The Hill   Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, said Friday that  rumors  on Capitol Hill suggest President Trump could fire special counsel Robert Mueller before Christmas, after Congress leaves Washington for the winter recess. The rumor on the Hill when I left yesterday was that the president was going to make a significant speech at the end of next week. And on Dec. 22, when we are out of D.C., he was going to fire Robert Mueller,  Speier told California s KQED News.The ranking Democrat on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff (Calif.), also said Friday that he is worried that Republicans leading the committee are seeking to shut down the committee s investigation by the end of the year. Republicans have scheduled no witnesses after next Friday and none in 2017 [sic]. We have dozens of outstanding witnesses on key aspects of our investigation that they refuse to contact and many document requests they continue to sit on,  he tweeted Friday.The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Rumors that Trump could fire Mueller have swirled since Mueller s appointment in May.While Democrats are spreading rumors about Mueller s firing, Fox News has dropped another Mueller bombshell.FOX News   A lawyer for the Trump presidential transition team is accusing Special Counsel Robert Mueller s office of inappropriately obtaining transition documents as part of its Russia probe, including confidential attorney-client communications, privileged communications and thousands of emails without their knowledge.In a letter obtained by Fox News and sent to House and Senate committees on Saturday, the transition team s attorney alleges  unlawful conduct  by the career staff at the General Services Administration in handing over transition documents to the special counsel s office.The transition legal team argues the GSA  did not own or control the records in question  and the release of documents could be a violation of the 4th Amendment   which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures.Kory Langhofer, the counsel to Trump for America, wrote in Saturday s letter that the GSA handed over  tens of thousands of emails  to Mueller s probe without  any notice  to the transition.The attorney said they discovered the  unauthorized disclosures  by the GSA on December 12th and 13th and raised concerns with the special counsel s office. We understand that the special counsel s office has subsequently made extensive use of the materials it obtained from the GSA, including materials that are susceptible to privilege claims,  Langhofer writes.The transition attorney said the special counsel s office also received laptops, cell phones and at least one iPad from the GSA.Trump for America is the nonprofit organization that facilitated the transition between former President Barack Obama to President Trump.The GSA, an agency of the United States government, provided the transition team with office space and hosted its email servers. We continue to cooperate fully with the special counsel and expect this process to wrap up soon,  Sarah Sanders, the White House press secretary, said Saturday.The special counsel s office declined to comment Saturday. ",0
9181,CHAFFETZ CALLS FOR SESSIONS TO RESIGN: “It’s time to go…some deep systemic problems” [Video],"Jason Chaffetz just went there! He said what everyone else is saying about the DOJ s Jeff Sessions TIME TO GO!Fox News Contributor and former Republican House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz argued that Attorney General Jeff Sessions should step down..@jasoninthehouse: ""I think it's time for [Jeff Sessions] to go."" pic.twitter.com/aOgLa4FIvg  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 16, 2017Chaffetz said,  I ve got to tell you, and it pains me to say this a little bit, but I don t think the attorney general is up to the job that he s doing. He s absent from this. The reason there s a special counsel is because he had to recuse himself from everything. And I just, my own personal opinion, I think it s time for the attorney general to go. Because you need leadership there, some deep systemic problems there. Chaffetz also cited the DOJ not turning over documents on the Fast & Furious program and Sessions  refusal to prosecute Clinton tech aide Bryan Pagliano for defying a Congressional subpoena. Via: Breitbart",0
9182,JUST IN: Mueller Improperly Obtained Transition Documents in Russia Probe…”Unlawful Conduct”,"This bombshell just in is more evidence of the swamp trying to bring down President Trump using  unlawful conduct . Please note that  GSA  career staff  aka  swamp dwellers  gave the Trump documents to the special counsel s office Fox News reports:A lawyer for the Trump presidential transition team is accusing Special Counsel Robert Mueller s office of inappropriately obtaining transition documents as part of its Russia probe, including confidential attorney-client communications and privileged communications.In a letter obtained by Fox News and sent to House and Senate committees on Saturday, the transition team s attorney alleges  unlawful conduct  by the career staff at the General Services Administration in handing over transition documents to the special counsel s office.Kory Langhofer, the counsel to Trump for America, wrote in the letter that the special counsel s office is aware that the GSA  did not own or control the records in question. But, Langhofer says, Mueller s team has  extensively used the materials in question, including portions that are susceptible to claims of privilege. The Trump transition team lawyer argued the actions  impair the ability of future presidential transition teams to candidly discuss policy and internal matters that benefit the country as a whole. Langhofer requests in the letter that Congress  act immediately to protect future presidential transitions from having their private records misappropriated by government agencies, particularly in the context of sensitive investigations intersecting with political motives. ",0
9183,DIAMOND & SILK: Liberals Respect President Trump or Get Out! [Video],"Diamond and Silk:  Liberals are trying to destroy this country. They want us to live in a third-world country. We don t want socialism. I don t want globalism  I want to live free. I want to be happy, and I want to help President Trump make America great again. .@DiamondandSilk: ""Liberals are trying to destroy this country. They want us to live in a third-world country. We don't want socialism. I don't want globalism  I want to live free. I want to be happy, and I want to help @POTUS make America great again."" pic.twitter.com/2MVgYGQbDr  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 16, 2017The ladies are spot on! They are fighting the good fight for President Trump. If you don t love America then you can leave!The ladies visited the White House recently:We had a magnificent time with our man, the @POTUS, @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania Trump at the White House Christmas Party while hanging out with @ScottBaio (Chachi from Happy Days) and so many more beautiful people on the Trump Train. Merry Christmas. We Love You all. pic.twitter.com/GDSLDEHygD  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) December 13, 2017OUR FAVORITE DIAMOND & SILK MOMENT IS A VISIT ON  THE VIEW : They re President Trump s #1 fans and they ve been with him from the start of his campaign. The wildly popular, hilarious and outspoken  Diamond and Silk  duo have been hitting it out of the park on YouTube with their videos that rely entirely on pro-Trump commentary. They never use vulgarity or threats and their videos are always G-rated (Well, okay, a few of their videos may be PG-13). Apparently supporting the President of the United States now violates YouTube s monetization policies. Their videos have received millions of hits and had such an effect on liberals that Youtube recently made the decision to pull 95% of their revenue.Conservative Trump supporters Lynnette Hardway and Rochelle Richardson of North Carolina, know they re never going to get an invitation to leftist  The View  show, so, by using a few special effects, Diamond and Silk have decided to make a surprise visit to The View hags and give them a piece of their mind. The result is hilarious!Watch, as Diamond and Silk school Whoopie, Joy Behar and the rest of the liberal hags on The View about who is, and who is not our President, and remind them of what the President s role is and what is expected of Congress.Enjoy:.@DiamondandSilk  have been anxious to get Whoopi & the ladies from The View straighten out because they've gotten a lot of stuff twisted. pic.twitter.com/ddkgKcW7yF  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) September 9, 2017WE LOVE THESE LADIES! ",0
9184,NFL NIGHTMARE CONTINUES…Seahawks Player Caught On Video Taunting Female Officer During Arrest: “Are you scared of me?”…“I got a lot of f**king money you broke-ass n*ggas”,"In case anyone was confused about how the whole  kneeling for the national anthem  thing came about, it was the former 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who had the bright idea to kneel, as a way to bring attention to how unfairly blacks are treated by law enforcement.A few days ago, the entitled NFL athlete, Seattle Seahawks rookie, defensive-lineman, Malik McDowell, found himself in a little hot water with the law. Unfortunately for McDowell, his disrespectful interaction with the female law enforcement officer who was attempting to arrest him for disorderly conduct was all caught on camera and shared with TMZ.From Deadspin: The video features a male officer who appears to be tasked with transporting McDowell, but not the one who originally arrested him putting handcuffs on McDowell. At the same time, McDowell is taunting a female cop standing nearby. Are you scared of me?  he asks her repeatedly.  Why is you a cop then? McDowell and the officer go back and forth about why he was arrested for disorderly conduct, and he calls her a bitch multiple times. Bitch, I got money. That s why I can talk shit,  McDowell says, adding that the officers will never make as much money as he s made in the past few months.McDowell then apparently shouts at some passersby,  Hey, they re trying to plant some shit on me!  which causes the officers to laugh. I got a lot of fucking money you broke-ass niggas,  McDowell says as they search him.  Put me in fucking jail, please, so I can bond out.  NFL fans reacted to the kneeling players disrespect for our flag, our active and retired military and law enforcement officers by turning off their TV s and skipping the games, leaving empty seats in NFL stadiums across the nation for 11 weeks in a row.",0
9185,"In Liberal Utopia of Chicago, Where Americans are​ Dying Left & Right…Rahm Emanuel Unveils Fancy ID For Illegals","Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is really working hard to make Chicagoans feel a part of the city the only problem is he s focusing his efforts on the illegal aliens who live there. To add insult to injury, Chicago s murder rate is sky high with no end in sight but, but, but the illegals have a new  fancy  ID to give them the same benefits as everyone else in the city at a cost of millions to taxpayers. The card is free to the freeloaders while the taxpayers foot the bill The name  municipal ID  was initially floated for the program, but Emanuel revealed that Chicago s city IDs would actually be called  City Keys. He said City Keys were designed to give a person who doesn t have an ID or a driver s license essentially the same benefits as those who do.  When somebody says,  Can I see your driver s license?    what that unlocks and what that smooths out and all the speed bumps that literally get eliminated because you have a driver s license,  Emanuel said.The mayor says the IDs will also provide benefits including discounts at cultural centers, on public transit and for veterans and senior citizens at locations across the city. Chicagoans will be able to link their public transit and library card to the ID and potentially even open bank accounts with it.Critics of the program say it might be a way for undocumented workers or people illegally in the U.S. to obtain a valid ID.GREAT POINT!Read more: Fox News ",0
9186,"Liberal, Man-Hating Movement DESTROYS Career Of Top TX Lawyer For Posting #MeToo Letter From A Rape Survivor: “If everyone is a victim, no one is. Victim means nothing anymore”"," Lauren McGaughy of The Dallas Morning News did a disgusting hit job on a top Texas lawyer and former judge. As a mother of 3 girls, I m offended by  journalists  like Lauren McGaughy, who wrote about a lawyer who was fired from his law firm for posting an article written by a rape survivor about her views on the now hijacked feminazi #metoo movement. It s sad to see the left grabbing onto the serious issue of sexual assault and doing the exact same thing they did to racism, using it as a political football, and trying to make it a Republican or conservative thing. If everyone s a racist, then no one is a racist. Lauren McGaughy, a reporter for Dallas Morning News didn t stop at exposing the firing of a top Texas lawyer over an article he shared on his personal Facebook page about the #MeToo movement (that was written by a rape survivor), she went after him with a bizarre vengeance, as though she had been personally harmed by his words. McGaughy didn t stop after pointing out that his law firm fired Andrew D. Leonie in a shameful case of censorship, she went on to tie him to  conservatives  and prove that he s actually (gasp) supported Republican candidates in the past.  McGaughy took it a step further, and provided evidence that this horrible human being was also involved in litigating a case against are you ready? Muslim students praying in public schools!McGaughy wrote: Leonie was behind an AG s office letter that blasted a Frisco-area high school for allowing Muslim students to use an empty classroom to pray. The letter, which alleged the school might be infringing on the constitutional rights of its non-Muslim students, was called a  political stunt  by district staff who said the room was open to all students.From the Dallas Morning News article:A top lawyer in the Office of Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton resigned Thursday after reports he wrote a Facebook post that called women s sexual misconduct allegations  pathetic. The Dallas Morning News reported Thursday morning Associate Deputy Attorney General Andrew D. Leonie posted on Facebook this week:  Aren t you also tired of all the pathetic  me too  victim claims? If every woman is a  victim , so is every man. If everyone is a victim, no one is. Victim means nothing anymore. The post went up at 2:40 a.m. on Wednesday. By Thursday afternoon, Leonie had resigned. In a press release, Paxton s office said Leonie s exit was effective immediately. The views he expressed on social media do not reflect our values,  Paxton s Director of Communications Marc Rylander wrote.  The OAG is committed to promoting and maintaining a workplace that is free from discrimination and harassment. Leonie s post was removed late Thursday afternoon. His bio was changed from  Associate Deputy Attorney General  to  Retired. The Dallas Morning News was fortunately, able to get a screen shot of the offensive post for everyone to see:His Facebook post linked to an article from the conservative website The Federalist titled,  Can we be honest about women?  The teaser to the article, which was written by a woman, states:  Here s a little secret we have to say out loud: Women love the sexual interplay they experience with men, and they relish men desiring their beauty. He previously worked for Paxton s predecessor, Gov. Greg Abbott, as a regional chief for consumer protection and special litigator, according to Leonie s LinkedIn. His salary was listed as $150,984 in April on the Texas Tribune s salary explorer.Leonie s post comes as some conservatives question the increasing number of sexual harassment and assault claims against the nation s most powerful men in media, politics and business. While the stories have led to a number of high-profile resignations and apologies in the private sector, change is slower in the political realm, where it s usually up to voters to oust elected officials accused of sexual misconduct.In Texas, for example, Republican Congressman Blake Farenthold on Thursday decided not to run for reelection after allegations he made lewd comments and unleashed profanity-laced tirades on staffers. The decision was made after Farenthold declined to resign for weeks after news broke he once used $84,000 in taxpayer money to settlement a harassment claim. Accusations against state lawmakers   as well as concerns over the ability of elected officials to harass with impunity   have also led to new training requirements in the Legislature.OOPS! It looks likeThe Federalist-reported that Leonie s Facebook post linked to an article entitled  Can We Be Honest About Women?  authored by McAllister, who is a survivor of sexual assault. Here s a little secret we have to say out loud: Women love the sexual interplay they experience with men, and they relish men desiring their beauty,  McAllister writes.  Why? Because it is part of their nature. As a society, we need to encourage both sexes to become comfortable with who they are naturally and all the messy, uncomfortable, stumbling, tantalizing, and glorious twists and turns that come with it,  she continues.  Men and women need to show each other grace and respect as they engage as sexual beings in whatever sphere they interact. The article explicitly condemns sexual assault but argues that what some call sexual assault doesn t deserve that label and expanding its definition into innocent behavior hurts both men and women. In the past, McAllister has written about how our society has emboldened men in positions of power to think they can get away with sexually harassing or assaulting women.In a post entitled  It s Not Up To Women To End Sexual Harassment,  she explains why men need to step up their efforts to protect women from such evils. She has also criticized aspects of the #MeToo movement, writing recently that it is destroying trust between men and women because the social media movement denies human nature.The sexual tension between men and women will always exist, and if women assume a man s sexuality is a threat instead of a powerful complement to their own sexuality, they will always be on guard. In this environment of suspicion, there can be no privacy between a man and a woman. If there is any kind of interaction or discourse, even if it s not sexual, the man can t trust that the woman won t use it against him so communication is silenced. Fear is generated on both sides, and fear is the death of trust. It is also the death of love.Throughout McAllister s critiques of the #MeToo movement and discussions of sexual topics, she has repeatedly stated that women ought to be respected and that sexual assault and sexual harassment are wrong   a fact left out of the numerous media accounts of Leonie s resignation and her article.",0
9187,JUST IN: Mystery Surrounds Obama Appointee Judge Who Recused Herself From Fusion GPS Case Also Handling DNC Corruption in Awan Brothers Case,"A federal judge in Washington, D.C. has recused herself from a second case involving Trump dossier firm Fusion GPS.Tanya S. Chutkan, an Obama appointee, recused herself on Monday from a case involving a dispute over subpoenas issued for Fusion GPS, the firm that commissioned the dossier.This Obama appointee is like so many others controversial. Change.org has a petition calling for her impeachmentA SUPPORTER COMMENT OF THE PETITION:  There is Clear and Present Danger, in our Government and to our Country. Judge Chutkin needs to do her duty, as Sworn by Oath, to let in ALL of the evidence pertaining to Imran Awan and Hina Alvi. As it stands today, 9/12/2017, Judge Chutkin is not doing her duty to protect the interests and lives of the Citizens of The United States. For this reason, I am standing with others, shoulder to shoulder, and calling for the Removal and Impeachment of Federal District Judge Tanya S. Chutkin. Aleksej Gubarev, a Russian tech executive accused in the dossier of hacking Democrats  computer systems, has sought to subpoena Fusion GPS records and to depose its employees to find out more about the research firm s work on the dossier.Gubarev is suing BuzzFeed for defamation for publishing the dossier earlier this year. He denies the allegations laid out in the document, which was written by former British spy Christopher Steele.Chutkan recused herself last month from another case involving Fusion GPS. The firm had filed suit against its bank, TD Bank, to keep it from complying with a subpoena issued by the House Intelligence Committee, which sought Fusion s bank records.Chutkan presided over that case from Oct. 20 to Nov. 9. It was reassigned to Judge Richard Leon, a George W. Bush appointee. Since taking over the case, Leon has indicated that he plans to allow more transparency into the court proceedings involving the battle over Fusion s bank records. He has ordered several documents be unsealed and made public.Chutkan has presided over the case involving the lawsuit against BuzzFeed since Aug. 31. Her replacement is Trevor McFadden, a Trump appointee who assumed office in October.The reasons for Chutkan s recusals remain a mystery Chutkan refused to comment on the recusal but her work with a medical technology firm also represented by Fusion GPS could be the reason.In any case, this is yet another case of the Obama hand in just about everything that has to do with corruption and intel agencies.Read more: Daily Caller",0
9188,SPOT ON! TRUMP SUPPORTER Slams New World Of “Guilty Until Proven Innocent” Being Used To Oust Trump [Video],"This is so worth the watch! Brit Paul Joseph Watson slams the left and their desire to invalidate the wishes of the people when they voted to elect Trump:This is one guy to follow on YouTube. Paul Joseph Watson gets to the point every time. In the second half of the video, he addresses Brexit.This comment by Jim O Connor is spot on: If our votes get to the point that they really don t matter, then paying taxes and obeying laws really won t matter then. These so called  good people  are tyrants, who want to enslave all of humanity. In 1776 a group of imperfect people stood up against such tyranny. Tyranny similar to the CIA running drugs to destroy people and fund themselves, Soros buying elections and influence, the banksters funding war, the propaganda media (no news). I hope Trump shuts down the federal reserve, shuts down the CIA and corrupt FBI, issues US currency, and puts the Satanic pedophiles in the worst prisons possible for the rest of their miserable lives. If he doesn t, the deep (creep) state will destroy his family in front of his eyes. Those in the Cabinet who voted to have Trump declared incompetent, need to be in front of a Marine firing Squad. This sedition cannot stand.  We ve been following Watson for some time. Here s a good and very funny example:",0
9189,FORMER FBI ASSISTANT DIRECTOR on Anti-Trump FBI Agent: “He belongs in Leavenworth. He belongs behind bars.” [Video],"WE COULDN T AGREE MORE! Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom on the Peter Strzok anti-Trump texts:  He belongs in Leavenworth. He belongs behind bars. These things cannot happen in a democracy. Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom on the Peter Strzok anti-Trump texts: ""He belongs in Leavenworth. He belongs behind bars. These things cannot happen in a democracy."" @FoxBusiness @LizMacDonaldFOX pic.twitter.com/tMkX7wBoA9  Risk & Reward (@RiskRewardFBN) December 14, 2017THERE ARE SEVERAL PLAYERS IN THIS ANTI-TRUMP SCAM BUT FBI AGENT STRZOK IS THE MAIN CULPRIT:FBI Supervisor Fired For Anti-Trump Texts Oversaw Michael Flynn Interviews:Wow! Could this charade of an investigation into Trump-Russian collusion get any more embarrassing for special counsel Robert Mueller?A supervisory special agent who is now under scrutiny after being removed from Robert Mueller s Special Counsel s Office for alleged bias against President Trump also oversaw the bureau s interviews of embattled former National Security advisor Michael Flynn, this reporter has learned. Flynn recently pled guilty to one-count of lying to the FBI last week.FBI agent Peter Strzok was one of two FBI agents who interviewed Flynn, which took place on Jan. 24, at the White House, said several sources. The other FBI special agent, who interviewed Flynn, is described by sources as a field supervisor in the  Russian Squad, at the FBI s Washington Field Office,  according to a former intelligence official, with knowledge of the interview.Strzok was removed from his role in the Special Counsel s Office after it was discovered he had made disparaging comments about President Trump in text messages between him and his alleged lover FBI attorney Lisa Page, according to the New York Times and Washington Post, which first reported the stories. Strzok is also under investigation by the Department of Justice Inspector General for his role in Hillary Clinton s email server and the ongoing investigation into Russia s election meddling. On Saturday, the House Intelligence Committee s Chairman Devin Nunes chided the Justice Department and the FBI for not disclosing why Strzok had been removed from the Special Counsel three months ago, according to a statement given by the Chairman.The former U.S. intelligence official told this reporter,  with the recent revelation that Strzok was removed from the Special Counsel investigation for making anti-Trump text messages it seems likely that the accuracy and veracity of the 302 of Flynn s interview as a whole should be reviewed and called into question. The most logical thing to happen would be to call the other FBI Special Agent present during Flynn s interview before the Grand Jury to recount his version,  the former intelligence official added.The former official also said that  Strzok s allegiance to (Deputy Director Andrew) McCabe was unwavering and very well known. Flynn, a retired three-star general, issued a statement on Dec. 1, saying,  it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. According to another source, with direct knowledge of the Jan. 24 interview, McCabe had contacted Flynn by phone directly at the White House. White House officials had spent the  earlier part of the week with the FBI overseeing training and security measures associated with their new roles so it was no surprise to Flynn that McCabe had called,  the source said.McCabe told Flynn  some agents were heading over (to the White House) but Flynn thought it was part of the routine work the FBI had been doing and said they would be cleared at the gate,  the source said. It wasn t until after they were already in (Flynn s) office that he realized he was being formerly interviewed. He didn t have an attorney with him,  they added.Flynn s attorney Robert Kelner did not respond for comment.A former FBI agent said the investigation into Strzok and the reported text messages between him and Page, shows a  bias that cannot be ignored particularly if he had anything to do with Flynn s interview and his role in it. The former U.S. intelligence official questioned,  how logical is it that Flynn is being charged for lying to an agent whose character and neutrality was called into question by the Special Counsel. According to an anonymous source in The Washington Post, Strzok s and Page had exchanged a number of texts that  expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton. For entire story: Sara Carter, Hannity.com ",0
9190,FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: “It’s VERY Clear Intel Conspired to Frame Trump” (VIDEO),"JOE DIGENOVA has been around D.C for decades and has seen it all. He probably didn t see his one coming. The incoming president  was set-up to be taken down. A soft coup is in the works and DiGenova has this to say about it:""It's very clear that they conspired to frame the incoming President of the United States.""  Joe diGenova on allegations of anti-Trump bias at FBI and TheJusticeDept #Tucker https://t.co/qUNjAenzJc pic.twitter.com/VDlhb45Ghi  G. Ashley Hawkins (@g_ashleyhawkins) December 16, 2017DiGenova on Tucker Carlson tonight: Inside the FBI and Department of Justice under Obama was a brazen plot to do two things. To exonerate Hillary Clinton because of an animous for Donald Trump, and then if she lost to frame the incoming president for either a criminal act or impeachment. This is one of the most disgusting performances by the senior officials at the FBI and the Department of Justice that everyone of these agents should be fired and the people who are still in the Justice Department be fired including Mr. Ohr and they impanel a federal grand jury to investigate the conduct of McCabe and Strzok and Page and Comey and Ohr and everybody in the Obama Justice Department that even touched this. It s very clear that they conspired to frame the incoming president of the United States.DIGENOVA S WIFE VICTORIA TOENSING IS REPRESENTING A FORMER FBI INFORMANT WHO HAS THE GOODS ON THE URANIUM ONE DEAL: DC lawyer Victoria Toensing is one smart cookie. She s representing a former FBI informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the US. She recently told Sean Hannity her client will brief Congress about Russian involvement in the U.S. uranium market. This includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the Clintons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDVndQRW22Q I m not going into detail,  attorney Victoria Toensing said on the Oct. 24 Hannity.  You know that, Sean. But the informant will give an overview and specific conversations that he had with Russians in what they were thinking about the money that they were spending. I mean, let me just be that general and it involves the Clintons. The director of the FBI at that time was Robert Mueller, and he is now the special counsel investigating alleged Russian collusion with the 2016 Trump campaign. The undercover investigation involving Toensing s client occurred between 2009 and 2014, and the senior attorney on the case was Rod Rosenstein, who is now the deputy attorney general of the United States and the official who appointed Mueller as special counsel.Further, all this information indicates that many senior Obama administration officials knew about instances of bribery and money laundering involving at least one Russian official, at a time when Russia wanted to expand its uranium market in the United States, and when the administration through a special committee had to approve or deny the sale of a company, Vancouver-based Uranium One, to Rosatom. (Rosatom is the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation.)Some of the people on that Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States included then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Attorney General Eric Holder, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napalitano, and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.The committee approved the sale of Uranium One to Rosatom in October 2010. That sale gave Russia, and President Vladimir Putin, control over 20% of U.S. uranium production. (At least nine investors in Uranium One   prior to, during, and after that sale   donated $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.) So, Mueller, [Rod] Rosenstein, maybe even [James] Comey at the time, and the president of the United States   certainly Eric Holder was the head of the DOJ   they all knew that they had all this evidence that the Russians had infiltrated with the purpose of a criminal enterprise to corner the market on uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons?  asked Hannity.Toensing said,  That is correct. Via: cns news",0
9191,JUST IN: TRUMP Will Remove “Climate Change” From List Of National Security Threats,"Thank goodness we finally have a President who refuses to dump our taxpayer funds into climate scam that our former President actually identified as a national security threat According to The Federalist, The Trump administration will reverse course from previous Obama administration policy, eliminating climate change from a list of national security threats. The National Security Strategy to be released on Monday will emphasize the importance of balancing energy security with economic development and environmental protection, according to a source who has seen the document and shared excerpts of a late draft. Climate policies will continue to shape the global energy system,  a draft of the National Security Strategy slated to be released on Monday said.  U.S. leadership is indispensable to countering an anti-growth, energy agenda that is detrimental to U.S. economic and energy security interests. Given future global energy demand, much of the developing world will require fossil fuels, as well as other forms of energy, to power their economies and lift their people out of poverty. During his successful campaign, Trump mocked Obama s placement of climate change in the context of national security. Here s a sample of his approach from a campaign speech in Hilton Head, South Carolina, in late 2015:So Obama s always talking about the global warming, that global warming is our biggest and most dangerous problem, OK? No, no, think of it. I mean, even if you re a believer in global warming, ISIS is a big problem, Russia s a problem, China s a problem. We ve got a lot of problems. By the way, the maniac in North Korea is a problem. He actually has nuclear weapons, right? That s a problem.We ve got a lot of problems. We ve got a lot of problems. That s right, we don t win anymore. He said we want to win. We don t win anymore. We re going to win a lot   if I get elected, we re going to win a lot. (Applause)We re going to win so much   we re going to win a lot. We re going to win a lot. We re going to win so much you re all going to get sick and tired of winning. You re going to say oh no, not again. I m only kidding. You never get tired of winning, right? Never. (Applause)But think of it. So Obama s talking about all of this with the global warming and the   a lot of it s a hoax, it s a hoax. I mean, it s a money-making industry, OK? It s a hoax, a lot of it. And look, I want clean air and I want clean water. That s my global   I want clean, clean crystal water and I want clean air. And we can do that, but we don t have to destroy our businesses, we don t have to destroy our  And by the way, China isn t abiding by anything. They re buying all of our coal; we can t use coal anymore essentially. They re buying our coal and they re using it. Now when you talk about the planet, it s so big out there   we re here, they re there, it s like they re our next door neighbor, right, in terms of the universe.The draft of the National Security Strategy makes this approach policy, emphasizing national security and economic growth over climate change.President Obama made climate change, and the burdensome regulations that accompany its focus, a primary focus of his administration, including in his National Security Strategy released in 2015.  [W]e are working toward an ambitious new global climate change agreement to shape standards for prevention, preparedness, and response over the next decade,  that report said.Watch Barack Obama explain how  climate change  is national security threat: By contrast, President Trump s National Security Strategy will focus on conventional and immediate national security risks. The draft says, in part:North Korea seeks the capability to kill millions of Americans with nuclear weapons. Iran supports terrorist groups and openly calls for our destruction. Jihadist terrorist organizations such as ISIS and al Qaeda are determined to attack the United States and radicalize Americans with their hateful ideology. States and non-state actors undermine social order with drug and human trafficking networks, which drive violent crimes and cause thousands of American deaths each year . Strengthening control over our borders and immigration system is central to national security, economic prosperity, and the rule of law. Terrorists, drug traffickers, and criminal cartels exploit porous borders and threaten U.S. security and public safety. These actors adapt quickly to outpace our defenses.As for climate change, the draft report says  The United States will remain a global leader in reducing traditional pollution, as well as greenhouse gases, while growing its economy. This achievement, which can serve as model to other countries, flows from innovation, technology breakthroughs, and energy efficiency gains  not from onerous regulation. FOX News reported on the NOAA intentional manipulation of data that was given to President Obama and other world leaders prior to the 2015 Paris Climate summit where Western nations agreed to spend billions to combat phony climate change:  ",0
9192,KARMA: Race-Obsessed Detroit Free Press Editorial Editor Who Led Effort To Destroy Kid Rock’s Career Is FIRED Over Allegations of Inappropriate Behavior With Female Colleagues,"In September 2016, Stephen Henderson, the editorial editor of the Detroit Free Press, used the power of his pen to unjustly attack Kid Rock, after liberals feared Rock might actually be serious about running as a Republican contender against the do-nothing Democrat Senator Debbie Stabenow. As a Michigan resident, I can say with a great level of confidence, that besides Mike Illitch, the now deceased owner of the Red Wings and Detroit Tigers, Kid Rock has done more for the city of Detroit and for the black community than almost anyone in this state. When the Illitch s asked Detroit legend and philanthropist, Kid Rock to perform for the opening of their much anticipated Little Caesar s Arena, no one could have dreamed that the Detroit Free Press  Stephen Henderson would have used his position to push a lie, that Kid Rock, the single father of a black son, and NAACP award recipient is a  racist .Here s what Henderson had to say about Kid Rock, the man who has done so much for the city of Detroit:This is a musician who got rich off crass cultural appropriation of black music, who used to wrap his brand in the Confederate flag   a symbol inextricably linked to racism, no matter what its defenders say   and who has repeatedly issued profane denouncements of the very idea of African Americans pushing back against American inequality. Just last week, he trashed Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who s jobless right now because he dared challenge the nation s racism with a silent, kneeling protest during the pre-football game singing of the national anthem. Having Kid Rock open this arena is erecting a sturdy middle finger to Detroiters   nothing less. And the Ilitches, who ve done so much for this city and also taken so much from it, should be the last to embrace that kind of signaling.Here is how Kid Rock responded on his Facebook page:People! Pay NO attention to the garbage the extreme left is trying to create! (and by the way, fuck the extreme left and the extreme right!)They are trying to use the old confederate flag BS, etc. to stir the pot, when we all know none of this would be going on if I were not thinking of running for office. Pretty funny how scared I have them all and their only agenda is to try and label people / me racist who do not agree or cower to them!! No one had a word to say when we sold out the 6 shows at LCA back in January! My track record in Detroit and Michigan speaks for itself, and I would dare anyone talking trash to put theirs up against mine. I am also a homeowner and taxpayer in the city of Detroit, so suck on that too!I am the bona fide KING OF DETROIT LOVE and it makes me smile down deep that you haters know that! Your jealousy is merely a reflection of disgust for your own failures and lack of positive ideas for our city.I am however very disappointed that none of the people, businesses or charities I have so diligently supported in Detroit have had anything to say about all these unfounded attacks from these handful of jackasses and The Detroit Free Press. So for the unforeseen future I will focus my philanthropy efforts on other organizations besides the ones I have supported in the past. I would however employ that NAN go ahead and make up these losses since they claim to be so good for Detroit and do not want me opening the arena and generating tons of jobs and tax dollars for the city and people I LOVE  IDIOTS!  .. (Has Al Sharpton even paid his back taxes yet?)Today, the race-obsessed Stephen Henderson, got some very bad news AP   The Detroit Free Press fired Stephen Henderson, its managing director of opinion and commentary, after finding what it called credible allegations of inappropriate behavior with female colleagues, the newspaper announced Friday.Free Press Editor and Vice President Peter Bhatia announced Henderson s termination in a story that said the allegations go back several years. Gannett Co. Inc., the newspaper s parent company, says Henderson s behavior  has been inconsistent with company values and standards. Henderson said in a statement to The Detroit News and Crain s Detroit Business that he is  stunned. I dedicated 18 years to this newspaper over three decades, all of it performing at the highest level,  Henderson said.  I may have more to say on this later, but for now there is much other work to be done here in the city of Detroit. Stephen is a magnificent journalist and a treasured colleague who has done so much for Detroit,  Bhatia said. He added there were no accusations of sexual assault, but said the incidents involving inappropriate behavior and comments directed at Free Press employees ran counter to company policies.Less than 2 months ago, Henderson appeared on Meet The Press and called America a racist nation with a racist history:Rich Lowry of the National Review appeared with Stephen Henderson on Meet The Press to discuss Colin Kaepernick and other NFL players who disrespect the flag as a way to support Black Lives Matter. Henderson argued,  Some of the words in the national anthem are racist.  Henderson argued that it was appropriate to show disrespect for the American flag because he thinks America is a country whose history is racist. Henderson told the panel,  I think this is a country whose history is racist, whose history is steeped in white supremacy, and the anthem reflects that in its very words   (inaudible) . Lowry responded to Henderson by saying,  It s also a nation with very important ideals that have worn down those injustices over time and created a more just society. And people have died under that flag for those ideals. Watch:",0
9193,‘I Don’t Think You Have a Standard’: NYT Reporter Called Out Over Claim Obama Told 18 Lies While POTUS [Video]," I Don t Think You Have a Standard    Tim Carney to New York Times reporter on different standards for different presidentsWe have a huge scandal at the FBI but these so-called journalists decide to discuss this? The entire video below is a pitiful display of partisan hackery we ve come to expect from MSNBC. This is why the American people are so FED UP with the main stream media Perhaps MSNBC should practice what they preach and start telling the truth. You have to ask yourself how these people stay employed when they can t even tell the truth about either POTUS. The funny thing to watch in the video is just how serious they are when discussing the topic of lying. It really is the definition of irony Washington Examiner columnist Tim Carney called out a NYT reporter on  Morning Joe  Friday over the latter s report that President Barack Obama told just 18 distinct lies during his two terms in office.CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?Both of these reporters and the entire panel are absolutely bonkers for even having this discussion! This is a perfect example of just how off kilter these so-called  journalists  are. Do they not have anything else to report???The New York Times juxtaposed President Donald Trump with Obama on lies told in office in a report Thursday, with the newspaper claiming Obama told 18 distinct falsehoods during his entire presidency compared to Trump s 103 in less than a year in office.The Free Beacon reported that Obama, according to fact-checker PolitiFact, had made 98 separate  mostly false,   false,  and  pants on fire  statements in his administration, with the Times leaving many of them out of its analysis.Carney wrote a piece for the Examiner in which he stated Trump was  far more detached from the truth  than most politicians, but he hit the newspaper for omitting so many of Obama s lies from the piece, such as claiming during a State of the Union address that his administration had eliminated lobbyists from policy-making jobs.Carney said it didn t seem to be a proper use of  data journalism  to say one would count up the lies when it left out so many of Obama s. Read more: WFB",0
9194,NEWT GINGRICH Slams DOJ’s Sessions: “It’s time for the Attorney General to step up to the plate and do his job.” [Video]," A cesspool of corruption    Newt Gingrich calls out Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He says it s time for Sessions to  step up  to the plate. We couldn t agree more!THE LATEST DIRT TO COME OUT ON THE FBI:Sean Hannity interviewed Greg Jarrett, Judicial Watch s Tom Fitton and the amazing Sara Carter last night it was fireworks on what s being exposed:Sara Carter speaks up at the 3:30 point but the entire video is well worth watching:We were told yesterday that  the fix was in In so many ways, this is beyond corrupt and is blatant criminality by the intel agencies, Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration.It s  worse than you even know    Tom Fitton THE FIX WAS IN Watered Down Document Clears Clinton:The interview below is pretty much what we all knew but now it s out in the open. Notice how Senator Johnson calls on the DOJ to act:Senator Ron Johnson told Tucker Carlson tonight that the corruption in the intel agencies is much worse that we thought. He believes that the entire investigation into Hillary s emails was a sham used to protect her and not investigate her. He says the same cast of characters is being used to investigate Trump scary stuff!Fox News reports:WASHINGTON   Newly released documents obtained by Fox News reveal that then-FBI Director James Comey s draft statement on the Hillary Clinton email probe was edited numerous times before his public announcement, in ways that seemed to water down the bureau s findings considerably.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, sent a letter to the FBI on Thursday that shows the multiple edits to Comey s highly scrutinized statement.In an early draft, Comey said it was  reasonably likely  that  hostile actors  gained access to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s private email account. That was changed later to say the scenario was merely  possible. Another edit showed language was changed to describe the actions of Clinton and her colleagues as  extremely careless  as opposed to  grossly negligent.  This is a key legal distinction.Johnson, writing about his concerns in a letter Thursday to FBI Director Christopher Wray, said the original  could be read as a finding of criminality in Secretary Clinton s handling of classified material. CLINTON AND ABEDIN  STRIKE A DEAL  TO TAKE DOCUMENTS: Here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton:Via Free Beacon: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton struck a deal with the State Department while serving in the Obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public, according to recently released reports.Clinton and her then-deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin were permitted to remove electronic and physical records under a claim they were  personal  materials and  unclassified, non-record materials. Judicial Watch made the revelation after filing a FOIA request with the State Department and obtaining a record of the agreement:The newly released documents show the deal allowed Clinton and Abedin to remove documents related to particular calls and schedules, and the records would not be  released to the general public under FOIA.  Abedin, for instance, was allowed to remove electronic records and five boxes of physical files, including files labeled  Muslim Engagement Documents. The released records included a list of designated materials that  would not be released to the general public under FOIA  and were to be released  to the Secretary with this understanding. Electronic copy of  daily files    which are word versions of public documents and non-records: speeches/press statements/photos from the website, a non-record copy of the schedule, a non record copy of the call log, press clips, and agenda of daily activitiesElectronic copy of a log of calls the Secretary made since 2004, it is a non-record, since her official calls are logged elsewhere (official schedule and official call log)Electronic copy of the Secretary s  call grid  which is a running list of calls she wants to make (both personal and official)16 boxes: Personal Schedules (1993 thru 2008-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State.29 boxes: Miscellaneous Public Schedules during her tenure as FLOTUS and Senator-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State1 box: Personal Reimbursable receipts (6/25/2009 thru 1/14/2013)1 box: Personal Photos1 box: Personal schedule (2009-2013) STICKY FINGERS  CLINTON:A physical file of  the log of the Secretary s gifts with pictures of gifts  was also handed over to Clinton. Gifts received by government employees is highly regulated, and often strictly limited. However, gifts that are  motivated by a family relationship or personal friendship  may be accepted without limitation.",0
9195,"“BIGGER THAN WATERGATE”: Sara Carter’s Take On FBI, DOJ Crimes and Who’s “In Trouble” [Video]","Sean Hannity interviewed Greg Jarrett, Judicial Watch s Tom Fitton and the amazing Sara Carter last night it was fireworks on what s being exposed:Sara Carter speaks up at the 3:30 point but the entire video is well worth watching:We were told yesterday that  the fix was in In so many ways, this is beyond corrupt and is blatant criminality by the intel agencies, Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration.It s  worse than you even know    Tom Fitton THE FIX WAS IN Watered Down Document Clears Clinton:The interview below is pretty much what we all knew but now it s out in the open. Notice how Senator Johnson calls on the DOJ to act:Senator Ron Johnson told Tucker Carlson tonight that the corruption in the intel agencies is much worse that we thought. He believes that the entire investigation into Hillary s emails was a sham used to protect her and not investigate her. He says the same cast of characters is being used to investigate Trump scary stuff!Fox News reports:WASHINGTON   Newly released documents obtained by Fox News reveal that then-FBI Director James Comey s draft statement on the Hillary Clinton email probe was edited numerous times before his public announcement, in ways that seemed to water down the bureau s findings considerably.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, sent a letter to the FBI on Thursday that shows the multiple edits to Comey s highly scrutinized statement.In an early draft, Comey said it was  reasonably likely  that  hostile actors  gained access to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s private email account. That was changed later to say the scenario was merely  possible. Another edit showed language was changed to describe the actions of Clinton and her colleagues as  extremely careless  as opposed to  grossly negligent.  This is a key legal distinction.Johnson, writing about his concerns in a letter Thursday to FBI Director Christopher Wray, said the original  could be read as a finding of criminality in Secretary Clinton s handling of classified material.  (read more)Former Speaker Newt Gingrich calls out the DOJ s Sessions:CLINTON AND ABEDIN  STRIKE A DEAL  TO TAKE DOCUMENTS: Here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton:Via Free Beacon: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton struck a deal with the State Department while serving in the Obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public, according to recently released reports.Clinton and her then-deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin were permitted to remove electronic and physical records under a claim they were  personal  materials and  unclassified, non-record materials. Judicial Watch made the revelation after filing a FOIA request with the State Department and obtaining a record of the agreement:The newly released documents show the deal allowed Clinton and Abedin to remove documents related to particular calls and schedules, and the records would not be  released to the general public under FOIA.  Abedin, for instance, was allowed to remove electronic records and five boxes of physical files, including files labeled  Muslim Engagement Documents. The released records included a list of designated materials that  would not be released to the general public under FOIA  and were to be released  to the Secretary with this understanding. Electronic copy of  daily files    which are word versions of public documents and non-records: speeches/press statements/photos from the website, a non-record copy of the schedule, a non record copy of the call log, press clips, and agenda of daily activitiesElectronic copy of a log of calls the Secretary made since 2004, it is a non-record, since her official calls are logged elsewhere (official schedule and official call log)Electronic copy of the Secretary s  call grid  which is a running list of calls she wants to make (both personal and official)16 boxes: Personal Schedules (1993 thru 2008-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State.29 boxes: Miscellaneous Public Schedules during her tenure as FLOTUS and Senator-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State1 box: Personal Reimbursable receipts (6/25/2009 thru 1/14/2013)1 box: Personal Photos1 box: Personal schedule (2009-2013) STICKY FINGERS  CLINTON:A physical file of  the log of the Secretary s gifts with pictures of gifts  was also handed over to Clinton. Gifts received by government employees is highly regulated, and often strictly limited. However, gifts that are  motivated by a family relationship or personal friendship  may be accepted without limitation.",0
9196,SENATOR REVEALS Shocking FBI Corruption in “Watered Down” Exoneration of Hillary Clinton [Video],"The interview below is pretty much what we all knew but now it s out in the open. Notice how Senator Johnson calls on the DOJ to act:Senator Ron Johnson told Tucker Carlson tonight that the corruption in the intel agencies is much worse that we thought. He believes that the entire investigation into Hillary s emails was a sham used to protect her and not investigate her. He says the same cast of characters is being used to investigate Trump scary stuff!Fox News reports:WASHINGTON   Newly released documents obtained by Fox News reveal that then-FBI Director James Comey s draft statement on the Hillary Clinton email probe was edited numerous times before his public announcement, in ways that seemed to water down the bureau s findings considerably.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, sent a letter to the FBI on Thursday that shows the multiple edits to Comey s highly scrutinized statement.In an early draft, Comey said it was  reasonably likely  that  hostile actors  gained access to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s private email account. That was changed later to say the scenario was merely  possible. Another edit showed language was changed to describe the actions of Clinton and her colleagues as  extremely careless  as opposed to  grossly negligent.  This is a key legal distinction.Johnson, writing about his concerns in a letter Thursday to FBI Director Christopher Wray, said the original  could be read as a finding of criminality in Secretary Clinton s handling of classified material.  ",0
9197,WATCH: “IT’S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR”…Trump Style,"With mainstream media and establishment politicians stacked against him from the moment he announced his run for the presidency, Donald J. Trump has been in an ongoing pitched battle to communicate his plans   and his eventual successes   to Americans. Through public rallies and social media, he has managed to bypass the traditional information gatekeepers and has spoken directly to the people.Yet, Americans are subjected to a relentless drumbeat from the Democratic Party, amplified by virtually the entire establishment press, that Trump is not only undisciplined, unfit for office and possibly racist, but that embarrassingly little has been accomplished by the Trump administration.But we  Deplorables  know better When Dana Kamide made this pro-Trump video last year, it was an instant hit. The hilarious video reminded Americans of why we re so blessed to have President Trump as our President. To date, the  It s The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year  viral video has been seen over 5.6 million times. This Christmas, let s all count our blessings and remember to be thankful for the bullet we dodged in 2016.    Enjoy WND   And while he has befuddled and disappointed some   with major promises such as Obamacare repeal and a border wall unfulfilled or put on the backburner   the stunning reality is this: Donald Trump has amassed a long and remarkable list of actions and accomplishments that will surprise average Americans, even those who support the president and consider themselves well-informed politically.Below, is an accounting of the truly significant achievements of the first eight months of the Trump presidency. The accomplishments are all the more noteworthy as they have been carried out in an environment of unrelenting negativity on the part of not only the Democrats and almost the entire news media, but the Beltway establishment itself, the entire donor class, the  Deep State,  and even many Republicans wedded to the D.C.  swamp. DECEMBERRegulatory reform: President Trump announced Dec. 14 his administration has far exceeded its promise to eliminate regulations at a 2:1 ratio and impose no lifetime net regulatory costs. In total, agencies issued 67 deregulatory actions while imposing only three new regulatory actions, a ratio of 22:1. Federal agencies also achieved $8.1 billion in lifetime net regulatory cost savings, the equivalent of $570 million per year. Jobs: Some 228,000 new jobs were created in November, highlighting the strongest U.S. labor market since the turn of the century. The government also reported Dec. 8 that unemployment was unchanged at 4.1 percent, but that s still nearly a 17-year low. Military: The Trump administration asked a federal court Dec. 7 for an emergency stay to delay a court order to begin opening the military to transgender recruits by Jan. 1. Israel: While the previous three U.S. presidents promised during their election campaigns to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, President Trump on Dec. 6 became the first to follow through. In his official order, Trump also ordered the U.S. Embassy to be moved to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded:  President Donald Trump, thank you for today s historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jewish people and the Jewish state will be forever grateful.  Immigration: The Department of Homeland Security released figures Dec. 4 showing Trump is delivering on his pledge to more strictly control immigration and deter would-be border-crossers. Border Patrol arrests dropped to a 45-year low in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, down 25 percent from a year earlier. ICE said the number of people apprehended away from the border jumped 25 percent this fiscal year. The increase is 37 percent after Trump s inauguration compared to the same period the year before. States  rights: President Trump signed two executive orders Dec. 4 that gave back about 2 million acres of land to the state of Utah by modifying executive orders by President Obama. Arguing the Antiquities Act  requires that any reservation of land as part of a monument be confined to the smallest area compatible with the proper care and management of the objects of historic or scientific interest to be protected,  Trump reduced the federal government s control of the Bear s Ear National Monument to just 201,876 acres, pointing out that the important objects of scientific or historic interest described described in Obama s proclamation are protected under existing laws and agency management designations. He also reduced the Grand Staircase National Monument in Utah from nearly 1.9 million acres to about 1 million. Immigration: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced Dec. 3 the Trump administration is withdrawing from the Global Compact on Migration, arguing the pact would  undermine the sovereign right of the United States to enforce our immigration laws and secure our borders.  Tillerson made the announcement just before the opening of a global conference on migration in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. Tax reform: Propelled by the engagement of President Trump, the Senate on Dec. 1 passed the biggest rewrite of the nation s tax system since 1986, reducing rates for businesses and individuals. The Republican-led House passed a similar bill in November. The two chambers of Congress will negotiate a reconciliation of the two bills that they expect to put on the president s desk before the end of the year. Health care: The Senate tax-reform bill passed Dec. 1 eliminates Obamacare s individual mandate, the linchpin of Obama s government-controlled health-care system, which penalizes taxpayers for choosing not to buy health insurance.NOVEMBERStocks: The Dow Jones industrial average surged more than 331 points Nov. 30 to close above 24,000 for the first time in history. Stocks were buoyed by the possibility of the Senate passing the Republican tax-reform bill championed by President Trump. Mining: Mining increased 28.6 percent in the second quarter and was the leading contributor to growth for the nation and in the three fastest-growing states of North Dakota, Wyoming, and Texas, according to the Commerce Department s Bureau of Economic Analysis. North Korea: In response to North Korea s buildup of nuclear weapons and missiles, the communist nation was officially designated a state sponsor of terror by the Trump administration on Nov. 20. The Treasury Department followed up with sanctions on organizations and companies doing business with North Korea. Regulation reform: Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Nov. 17 the Department of Justice will cease the practice initiated by President Obama of issuing  guidance memos  to enact new regulations that sometimes have had the effect of changing federal laws. Iran: Trump issued a memorandum Nov. 16 determining that the U.S. has enough petroleum coming from countries other than Iran to permit  a significant reduction in the volume of petroleum and petroleum products  purchased from the mullah-led nation. China trade: During President Trump s visit to China in November, trade and investment deals worth more than $250 billion were announced that are expected to create jobs for American workers, farmers and ranchers by increasing U.S. exports to China and stimulating investment in American communities. Government transparency: The federal government on Nov. 9 made public more than 13,000 additional documents from its files on President John F. Kennedy s assassination, under orders from President Trump. It was the fourth released since October, when the president allowed the immediate release of 2,800 records by the National Archives. International liberty: President Trump proclaimed Nov. 7, the 100th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution, as the National Day for the Victims of Communism Religious liberty: The Department of Agriculture issued a guidance Nov. 6 that ensures Christians who opposed same-sex marriage would not be discriminated against for their beliefs. Job growth: President Trump announced in the Oval Office Nov. 2 that the semiconductor manufacturing company Broadcom Limited is moving its headquarters from Singapore to the United States. Broadcom is a Fortune 100 company that already employs more than 7,500 workers in the United States, and that number is expected to grow exponentially, with an estimated $20 billion to be spent on employees annually. Broadcom CEO Hock E. Tan said the decision to relocate Broadcom was driven by  his desire to give back to this country that has given me so much.  Government reform: EPA Director Scott Pruitt placed 66 new experts on three different EPA scientific committees who espouse more conservative views than their predecessors. To prevent conflicts of interest, Pruitt signed a directive Oct. 31 banning scientists who receive EPA grants from serving on the agency s independent advisory boards.OCTOBERJob growth: The White House announced Oct. 25 a new drone Integration Pilot Program that will accelerate drone integration into the national airspace system. Under the program, the Department of Transportation will enter into agreements with state, local, and tribal governments to establish innovation zones for testing complex UAS operations and to attempt different models for integrating drones into local airspace. Calling drones  a critical, fast-growing part of American aviation, increasing efficiency, productivity, and jobs, the White House said they  present opportunities to enhance the safety of the American public, increase the efficiency and productivity of American industry, and create tens of thousands of new American jobs.  Government reform: Melania Trump, while embracing a more active and public schedule as first lady, is running one of the leanest East Wing operations in recent history, according to a Fox News analysis of White House personnel reports that found she has significantly reduced the number of aides on the first lady s office payroll in comparison to her predecessor, Michelle Obama. During President Obama s first year in office, 16 people were listed working for Michelle Obama, earning a combined $1.24 million a year. This year, just four people were listed working for Melania Trump as of June, with salaries totaling $486,700. Obamacare: Trump signed an executive order Oct. 12 that directs three federal agencies to rewrite regulations to encourage the establishment of cheaper health plans that can be purchased across state lines and are not bound by certain Obamacare rules and regulations. The directive would allow small-business owners, trade groups and others to join together to purchase health insurance. The plans would not be required to include benefits such as prescription drugs. Trump also wants to expand the sale of stopgap policies that don t cover pre-existing conditions, mental health services and other costly benefits. Consumer optimism: U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly surged to a 13-year high as Americans  perceptions of the economy and their own finances rebounded following several major hurricanes, a University of Michigan survey showed Oct. 13. Iran nuclear agreement: President Trump announced Oct. 13 he will not certify the Iran nuclear deal and vowed that the U.S. would pull out unless changes are made. He also unveiled a new strategy, the culmination of nine months of deliberation with Congress and allies, on how to best protect American security from the rogue mullah-led regime. The plan includes denying the regime funding and any paths to a nuclear weapon and ballistic missiles. The Department of the Treasury sanctioned more than 25 entities and individuals involved in Iran s ballistic missile program. The U.S. also sanctioned 16 entities and individuals that have supported Iran s military and Revolutionary Guard Corps in the development of drones, fast attack boats and other military equipment. United Nations: The United States is quitting the United Nations  Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization. Heather Nauert, a State Department spokeswoman, announced the move will be made before the end of the year  This decision was not taken lightly, and reflects U.S. concerns with mounting arrears at UNESCO, the need for fundamental reform in the organization, and continuing anti-Israel bias at UNESCO.  Homeland security: The Supreme Court dismissed a major challenge to President Trump s travel ban on majority-Muslim countries Oct. 10 because it has been replaced by a new version, sending the controversy back to the starting block. The ruling is a victory for the Trump administration, which had asked the court to drop the case after Trump signed a proclamation Sept. 24 that replaced the temporary travel ban on six nations with a new, indefinite ban affecting eight countries. That action made the court challenge moot, the justices ruled. EPA reform: Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced Oct. 9 a new set of rules that will override the Clean Power Plan, the centerpiece of President Barack Obama s drive to curb global climate change. The agency is moving to undo, delay or block more than 30 environmental rules, the largest regulatory rollback in the agency s 47-year history. Immigration: The Trump administration submitted to Congress Oct. 8 a 70-point proposal that calls for increased border security, interior enforcement of immigration laws and a merit-based immigration system. It includes funding and completing construction of a southern border wall, improving expedited removal of illegal aliens, protecting innocent people in  sanctuary cities,  ending extended-family chain migration and establishing a point-based system for green cards to protect U.S. workers and taxpayers. Religious liberty: Attorney General Sessions on Oct. 6 issued guidance to all administrative agencies and executive departments regarding religious liberty protections in federal law in keeping with Trump s May 4 executive order. The guidance interprets existing protections for religious liberty in federal law, identifying 20 high-level principles that administrative agencies and executive departments can put to practical use to ensure the religious freedoms of Americans are lawfully protected. Attorney General Sessions also issued a second memorandum to the Department of Justice, directing implementation of the religious liberty guidance within the department. Among the principles are  the freedom of religion extends to persons and organizations,   Americans do not give up their freedom of religion by participating in the marketplace, partaking of the public square, or interacting with government  and government  may not restrict acts or abstentions because of the beliefs they display.  Missile defense: The Department of Defense reprogrammed approximately $400 million for U.S. missile defense systems. Religious liberty: The Trump administration expanded religious and moral exemptions for mandated contraceptive coverage under Obamacare. Obama s signature legislation required that nearly all insurance plans cover abortion-inducing drugs and contraception, forcing citizens to violate sincerely held religious or moral beliefs, pay steep fines, or forgo offering or obtaining health insurance entirely. The interim final rules note that the United States  has a long history of providing conscience protections in the regulation of health care entities and individuals with objections based on religious beliefs and moral convictions.  The rule aligns with the U.S. Supreme Court s unanimous ruling protecting the Little Sisters of the Poor, which says the government cannot fine religious groups for following their faith. Immigration: Amid strong Democratic opposition, the House Homeland Security Committee gave first approval to the broad scope of President Trump s border wall Oct. 4, clearing a bill that would authorize $10 billion in new infrastructure spending, new waivers to speed up construction, and 10,000 more border agents and officers to patrol the U.S.-Mexico line. Space exploration: President Trump revived the National Space Council for the first time in 25 years to assist him in developing and implementing long-range strategic goals for the nation s space policy. The pace program will refocus on human exploration and discovery. Vice President Mike Pence, who chaired the National Space Council s Oct. 5 meeting, said the administration aims to establish a renewed American presence on the moon and from that foundation become the first nation to bring mankind to Mars. The administration also will renew America s commitment to creating the space technology needed to protect national security. And Pence pointed out the intelligence community reports that Russia and China are pursuing a full range of anti-satellite technology designed to threaten our U.S. military effectiveness. Abortion: The Office of Management and Budget on Oct. 2 issued a Statement of Administration Policy (SAP) to strongly support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36), which would generally make it unlawful for any person to perform, or attempt to perform, an abortion of an unborn child after 20 weeks post-fertilization. Protecting life: The president issued a statement Oct. 1 renewing the nation s  strong commitment to promoting the health, well-being, and inherent dignity of all children and adults with Down syndrome.  The president observed  there remain too many people   both in the United States and throughout the world   that still see Down syndrome as an excuse to ignore or discard human life.  He said Americans and their government  must always be vigilant in defending and promoting the unique and special gifts of all citizens in need  and  should not tolerate any discrimination against them, as all people have inherent dignity.  Protecting life: The Department of Health and Human Services has published a draft of a new strategic plan that states in its introduction that life begins at conception. The personhood of the unborn child is central to the abortion debate   as even the justice who wrote the landmark Roe v. Wade opinion has acknowledged   because, if established in law, it would nullify a  right  to abortion. The largely overlooked HHS strategic plan for 2018-22 states the agency  accomplishes its mission through programs and initiatives that cover a wide spectrum of activities, serving and protecting Americans at every stage of life, beginning at conception.  Tax reform: Trump is working with Congress to lower taxes by seven points for the middle class and lower business taxes to a 15 percent rate.SEPTEMBERLower courts: Trump is filling up lower courts with lifetime appointees. In the estimation of Democratic official Ron Klain, a  massive transformation is underway in how our fundamental rights are defined by the federal judiciary.  Klain, lamenting Trump s moves, said the president  is proving wildly successful in one respect: naming youthful conservative nominees to the federal bench in record-setting numbers.  On Sept. 28, Trump announced an eighth wave of judicial candidates, with nine more names. Canada trade: In September, the Commerce Department, siding with Boeing, slapped a 219 percent tariff on the import of Canadian-made Bombardier jets, arguing they are supported by subsidies from the governments of Canada and the U.K., creating an unfair market. Korea trade: Trump began the process of renegotiating the United States-South Korea Free Trade Agreement in September. Climate: In September, Trump shut down a climate-change advisory panel under the direction of NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, that critics have contended was formed largely to promote President Obama s climate policies, arguing it lacked representation from  those who think the empirical evidence points to human actions contributing little to global warming and that attempting to reduce it would slow the conquest of poverty around the world.  The EPA also has decided not to renew the appointments of dozens of scientists on various scientific advisory panels. Economy: Household wealth reached a record high of $1.7 trillion in the second quarter due to rising property values and gains in financial assets, according to a Federal Reserve report. Homeland security: In September, Trump signed an executive order to enhance vetting capabilities and processes for detecting attempted entry into the United States by terrorists or other public-security threats. North Korea: After some 25 years of failed negotiations to contain Pyongyang s nuclear program, the communist regime s latest threatening actions were met by President Trump with a warning that military action, including a preemptive nuclear attack, would be considered. After Trump s warnings, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un backed off on his threat to attack the U.S. territory of Guam. North Korea: On Sept. 7, the U.S. fully deployed the THAAD missile defense system to South Korea despite objections from Pyongyang s chief ally, China. North Korea: In September, Trump signed an executive order significantly expanding U.S. authority to target individuals, companies and financial institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea, most of which are Chinese. Meanwhile, China s central bank has ordered banks in its massive banking system to immediately stop doing business with North Korea. United Nations: In his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Trump told the global body in September,  I put America first and you should do the same with your nations.  In the speech, he also explicitly denounced socialism and communism, pointing to Venezuela as an example of what happens when socialism is successfully implemented. Immigration: President Trump, in September, rescinded Obama s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals order, which gave de facto amnesty to some 800,000 people who came to the country as children with their illegal-alien parents. Trump delayed implementing his order for six months to give Congress time to come up with a legislative solution. Stock markets: Through the first week of September, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had 34 record highs. From Election Day to the Inauguration, the Dow rose more than 1,500 points. It climbed another 2,500 points from Inauguration Day, reaching more than 22,400 in mid-September, a gain of more than $4 trillion in wealth since Trump was elected. The Dow s spike from 19,000 to above 21,000 in just 66 days was the fastest 2,000-point rise ever. The S&P 500 and the NASDAQ also have set all-time highs. On Aug. 7, the Dow closed with an all-time high for the ninth day in a row, the first time the market has had a run of that length twice under one presidency.For the entire list, go to WND ",0
9198,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP CHANNELS Successful Developer Days…Cuts Ribbon To Celebrate SHOCKING Number of Regulation Rollbacks…Businesses Cheer!,"WASHINGTON   President Trump said on Thursday that his administration was answering  a call to action  by rolling back regulations on environmental protections, health care, financial services and other industries as he made a push to showcase his accomplishments near the end of his first year in office.The remarks highlighted an area where Mr. Trump has perhaps done more to change the policies of his predecessor than any other, with regulatory shifts that have affected wide sections of the economy. We are just getting started,  Mr. Trump said, speaking from the Roosevelt Room of the White House. He described progress so far as the  most far-reaching regulatory reform  in United States history, a claim he did not back up.  In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room. Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!A post shared by  President Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Dec 14, 2017 at 12:39pm PSTEchoing his days as a real estate developer with the flair of a groundbreaking, Mr. Trump used an oversized pair of scissors to cut a ribbon his staff had set up in front of two piles of paper, representing government regulations in 1960 (20,000 pages, he said), and today   a pile that was about six feet tall (said to be 185,000 pages).His efforts   his staff said that the rules already rolled back had saved $8.1 billion in regulatory costs over their lifetime, or a total of an estimated $570 million a year   have brought cheers from the business community, most notably from companies that will benefit from the rollbacks.Several economic indicators   and comments from companies large and small   suggest that a shift in federal regulatory policy is building business confidence and accelerating economic growth, developments Mr. Trump certainly took credit for on Thursday.A survey of chief executives released this month by the Business Roundtable found that, for the first time in six years, executives did not cite regulation as the top cost pressure facing their companies. C.E.O.s appear to be responding to the administration s energetic focus on regulation,  Joshua Bolten, the roundtable s president, said this month.   New York Times ",0
9199,SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS Ends #PieGate…Makes April Ryan Eat “Humble” Pie [Video],"When CNN White House correspondent April Ryan challenged Sarah Sanders  pie making skills during the Thanksgiving holiday (see below), Sarah was determined to prove she actually makes pecan pies that look that good.Fast forward: Sarah trolled April with a tweet showing the pie-making ingredients:Ingredients all mixed up and pies in the oven! @AprilDRyan let me know if you need further documentation #piegate pic.twitter.com/OVYLg1gBgO  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Sarah has handled this with great humor and grace: @PressSec is a TRUE role model Beautiful, Intelligent, witty & talented! Just like dad, @GovMikeHuckabee you bring us class, love & hope. This looks amazing Sarah! #SarahHuckabeeSanders#IAlwaysStandWithSarah#WHPressCorpsPotluck#PieGate  NO @AprilDRyan#MAGA   pic.twitter.com/pT0SmXKqBy  FeistyChristine  (@FeistyCovfefe) December 14, 2017So today, Sarah brought the cooked pies to give to April We call that  Humble Pie While all indications point to extensive @FBI and DOJ POLITICAL CORRUPTION, the Media and @AprilDRyan are focused on #piegate, and questioning whether @PressSec Sarah Sanders can make homemade Chocolate pecan pie  pic.twitter.com/hFiF83jEuP  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) December 14, 2017Press Secretary Sarah Sanders shares home made pecan pies with April and the press. #piegate pic.twitter.com/Fn7xQRp8pB  TrumpSoldier (@DaveNYviii) December 14, 2017HOW  PIEGATE  STARTED:CNN political analyst just spent her Thanksgiving Day so consumed with hate for President Trump s White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, that she removed any doubt her Twitter followers may have had about the possibility of having an objective bone in her body.CNN political analyst and American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan suggested, without any evidence, Friday that White House press secretary Sarah Sanders actually didn t actually cook the pecan pie Sanders said she did.Here is Sanders tweet that got under April Ryan s skin:I  dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! pic.twitter.com/rO8nFxtly7  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 23, 2017Ryan responded by actually demanding that Sanders do more than post a picture of the pie with a white background, and that she show Twitter users the pie on her table!Show it to us on a table. https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan then took it a step further and doubled down, letting her Twitter users know that the legitimacy of Sanders  claim that she baked the pecan pie was no laughing matter.I am not trying to be funny but folks are already saying #piegate and #fakepie Show it to us on the table with folks eating it and a pic of you cooking it. I am getting the biggest laugh out of this. I am thankful for this laugh on Black Friday! https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan is frequently praised by liberals for being a nuisance in the White House press briefing room, but she failed to present any evidence Friday, except for the claims of random Twitter users, that Sanders faked the pie. Ryan did not respond to this reporter when asked for proof.A reverse image search did not find any other pictures of the pecan pie that Sanders posted.The White House press secretary responded to Ryan s criticism and said that she will make the journalist a pie of her own.-Daily CallerDon t worry @AprilDRyan because I m nice I ll bake one for you next week #RealPie #FakeNews   https://t.co/5W3mGbKs4J  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 24, 2017While hundreds of liberal Twitter users jumped on Ryan s thread, as a way to drum up hate for the brilliant and witty conservative Press Secretary, Sanders definitely got her fair share of support. Conservative actor James Woods didn t make any secret about how he is  thankful  on Thanksgiving Day for Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the  best thing to happen to modern American journalism. One final reason to be thankful today: @SarahHuckabee She is the best thing to happen to modern American journalism. The #CNN and other liberal minions melt before her intelligence, her wit, and her sheer fortitude like snowflakes in the desert.  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 24, 2017Twitter user, Vanessa Vega nailed it with her tweet in response to Sanders  reply to Ryan s ridiculous claim:It burns them up. That a graceful intelligent woman like you holds the WH positions, rocks at it, is an amazing mother and baked a pie during a traditional American Holiday.   keep doing you @PressSec !! We are grateful for you & the haters are entertaining to watch   Vanessa Vega (@EscbrRoX2017) November 25, 2017",0
9200,COMEY EDITS REVEALED: Clinton Probe Remarks Watered Down…Edited to Omit Criminality,"How did the FBI handle the Clinton email case two words: WATERED DOWN! The big question on this watered down document is WHO MADE THE EDITS?JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Jim Comey owns it no matter who edited it :""The job of the @FBI is not to decide whom to prosecute, but to present the evidence to professional prosecutors in the DOJ and let them make the decision.""   @Judgenap on Comey's @HillaryClinton email probe statement #SpecialReport https://t.co/X5Mhju9rsU pic.twitter.com/Kmo1SjRRhS  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 14, 2017NEWLY RELEASED DOCUMENTS:Newly released documents reveal that then-FBI Director James Comey s draft statement on the Hillary Clinton email probe was edited numerous times before his public announcement, in ways that seemed to considerably water down the bureau s findings.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, released copies Thursday of the edits to Comey s highly scrutinized statement.WATERED DOWN LANGUAGE:One showed language was changed to describe the actions of Clinton and her colleagues as  extremely careless  as opposed to  grossly negligent.  This is a key legal distinction.Johnson, writing about his concerns in a letter Thursday to FBI Director Christopher Wray, said the original  could be read as a finding of criminality in Secretary Clinton s handling of classified material. The edited statement deleted the reference to gross negligence   a legal threshold for mishandling classified material   and instead replaced it with an exculpatory sentence,  he wrote.The original also said it was  reasonably likely  that  hostile actors  gained access to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s private email account. That was later changed to say that scenario was merely  possible. The final statement also removed a reference to the  sheer volume  of classified information discussed on email. While the precise dates of the edits and identities of the editors are not apparent from the documents, the edits appear to change the tone and substance of Director Comey s statement in at least three respects,  Johnson wrote Thursday.That includes, Johnson said,  repeated edits to reduce Secretary Clinton s culpability in mishandling classified information. Read more: Fox News",0
9201,JUST IN: FCC VOTES To Repeal Obama’s Net Neutrality Rules After BOMB THREAT Clears Room,"Today, the FCC voted to repeal the net neutrality rules that govern internet service providers and how they treat certain websites. The left, along with major social media sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were all openly opposed to repealing Obama s net neutrality rules.ABC News   The five commissioners of the FCC voted along party lines   three Republicans to two Democrats   to roll back the rules, imposed in 2015 under President Barack Obama.JUST IN: FCC votes 3-2 to repeal Obama-era #NetNeutrality rules. https://t.co/4VEkXXEf23 pic.twitter.com/M7pYZa4dlT  ABC News (@ABC) December 14, 2017The left reacted to their decision with apocalyptic style tweets.Here s a typical leftist reaction on Twitter to the repeal of Obama s net neutrality:Me after finding out #NetNeutrality was repealed. pic.twitter.com/e7V05o0DJ8    (@exsuzx) December 14, 2017America s most prominent Socialist weighed in on the topic:This is an egregious attack on our democracy. The end of #NetNeutrality protections means that the internet will be for sale to the highest bidder. When our democratic institutions are already in peril, we must do everything we can to stop this decision from taking effect. https://t.co/8GGrJFMdrU  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 14, 2017Of course, #VeryFakeNewsCNN lied about the vote:Hey @CNN, absurd headlines like this are why people don't trust you. pic.twitter.com/dnAL7RM3NK  Curtis Kalin (@CurtisKalin) December 14, 2017The public debate over the rules had been heated at times and Thursday s decision came after a brief delay when, on the  advice of security,  FCC chairman Ajit Pai announced that they would need to take a recess and the hearing room was evacuated.Watch, as the room is cleared during the net neutrality vote:NEW: FCC meeting on net neutrality takes abrupt recess due to security concerns https://t.co/Vxi2egdIqZ pic.twitter.com/sEIW14RmGy  CBS News (@CBSNews) December 14, 2017Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai was in the middle of his speech during a hearing on net neutrality Thursday when he was interrupted by security responding to a bomb threat. I am being advised by security that we are going to have to take a break,  Pai calmly told the audience. Soon after, a security guard could be heard loudly advising everyone in the room   both the Commissioners and the public visitors   to exit and leave their belongings in the federal agency chambers.Foundation that there was a specific bomb threat. Another senior official in the room said someone called into the office and said a briefcase was set to explode.The Commissioners and the audience were eventually allowed back in after Federal Protective Services surveilled the area and situation.A bomb threat occurring right during the middle of Pai s testimony is not surprising as public intrigue around the issue of net neutrality has become so intense that many incensed people have resorted to vile, racist actions.  Daily CallerIs This The New  Normal  For The Left When They Don t Get Their Way?Repeal supporters claimed the rules unnecessarily regulated the industry and impeded upon the free market.Under the rules rescinded Thursday, internet service providers were prohibited from influencing loading speeds for specific websites or apps. The vote rolled back the policies that treated the internet like a utility and could potentially lead to the creation of different lanes of speeds for websites or content creators willing to pay for them. Critics worry that those costs could be passed along to consumers.Internet service providers will have to disclose whether they engage in certain types of conduct, such as blocking and prioritization, following Thursday s decision. They must further explicitly publicize what is throttled and what is blocked, with the information posted on an easily accessible website hosted by the company or the FCC.Repeal is a hallmark victory for the FCC s Republican chairman Ajit Pai whose 11-month tenure has seen him strongly advocate for reduced regulation. Pai was named FCC chairman in January by President Donald Trump, who has made no secret of his interest in reigning in Obama-era business regulations.In July 2017, net neutrality supporters organized a  Day of Action  in support of net neutrality regulations; large tech companies like Facebook, Google, and Amazon all showcased their support for the regulations.Net neutrality is the notion that Internet Service Providers (ISPs) shouldn t be able to  slow down, speed up, or block data as it is routed from its content originator to end users  in order to favor particular sites. The net neutrality regulations put in place under the Obama administration involved subjecting the Internet to Title II of the 1934 Communications Act, where it s considered a public utility that is subject to the iron grip of the FCC.The FCC is now trying to kill these regulations, and they are right do so. Here are seven reasons why.1. The instances of ISPs slowing down or blocking data to favor certain sites over others are few and far between.2. Under Title II, the Internet is subject to a bevy of regulations at the whim of the FCC.3. The FCC can also subject ISPs to a slew of taxes under Title II.4. The FCC also has the power to prevent ISPs from charging websites at rates they deem to be unfair and ends  paid priority. 5. It s a form of censorship.6. It s crony capitalism in favor of web giants like Facebook and Google. That s why they support net neutrality, since it targets their competitors.7. The better way to ensure net neutrality is to breathe more capitalism into the ISP market rather than government control.",0
9202,JUST IN: Documents Reveal Hillary Clinton “Struck a Deal” to Keep Records Private,"Here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton:Via Free Beacon: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton struck a deal with the State Department while serving in the Obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public, according to recently released reports.Clinton and her then-deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin were permitted to remove electronic and physical records under a claim they were  personal  materials and  unclassified, non-record materials. Judicial Watch made the revelation after filing a FOIA request with the State Department and obtaining a record of the agreement:The newly released documents show the deal allowed Clinton and Abedin to remove documents related to particular calls and schedules, and the records would not be  released to the general public under FOIA.  Abedin, for instance, was allowed to remove electronic records and five boxes of physical files, including files labeled  Muslim Engagement Documents. The released records included a list of designated materials that  would not be released to the general public under FOIA  and were to be released  to the Secretary with this understanding. Electronic copy of  daily files    which are word versions of public documents and non-records: speeches/press statements/photos from the website, a non-record copy of the schedule, a non record copy of the call log, press clips, and agenda of daily activitiesElectronic copy of a log of calls the Secretary made since 2004, it is a non-record, since her official calls are logged elsewhere (official schedule and official call log)Electronic copy of the Secretary s  call grid  which is a running list of calls she wants to make (both personal and official)16 boxes: Personal Schedules (1993 thru 2008-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State.29 boxes: Miscellaneous Public Schedules during her tenure as FLOTUS and Senator-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State1 box: Personal Reimbursable receipts (6/25/2009 thru 1/14/2013)1 box: Personal Photos1 box: Personal schedule (2009-2013) STICKY FINGERS  CLINTON:A physical file of  the log of the Secretary s gifts with pictures of gifts  was also handed over to Clinton. Gifts received by government employees is highly regulated, and often strictly limited. However, gifts that are  motivated by a family relationship or personal friendship  may be accepted without limitation.",0
9203,KARMA? DEM REP Knocked off Stage By Falling Sign…After Republicans Had Received Death Threats [Video],"Is this karma? Republicans have been receiving death threats (see below) from Democrats who SUPPORT net neutrality and are furious that it could be repealed: But if you don t support net neutrality, I will find you and your family and I will kill  you  all.    Angry Supporter of Net NeutralitySo this could be a sign Right?A Democratic congressman was knocked off the stage at a rally for net neutrality on Thursday when the sign behind him fell down on him:Rep. Jose Serrano (D., N.Y.) was speaking at a rally in Washington, D.C., on the same day the Federal Communications Commission is expected to repeal net neutrality regulations enacted by the Obama administration.As Serrano spoke in favor of net neutrality, the alarm-clock style sign behind him that said  Wake up call  fell down and pushed Serrano off the stage. He kept his footing and made a joke about it. Wow. I have never been hit that hard in the South Bronx,  he said, going on to speak from the ground.  But I ll speak from here, and I m doing that with a pulled muscle in my leg.REPUBLICANS HAD RECEIVED DEATH THREATS OVER NET NEUTRALITY:A New York man was arrested for making a death threat against Rep. John Katko over the net neutrality debate, the latest in a string of threats from advocates of the liberal policy.Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai has received numerous threats since announcing the agency s intention earlier this year to repeal the Obama era rules that expanded federal regulation over the internet.Katko, a Republican who represents upstate New York and has no role in the FCC agenda, received a threatening voicemail from Patrick Angelo, who vowed to kill Katko s family if he supports repealing net neutrality. Listen Mr. Katko, if you support net neutrality, I will support you,  Angelo said, according to a complaint filed in federal court.  But if you don t support net neutrality, I will find you and your family and I will kill  you  all. Do you understand? I will literally find all  of  you and your progeny and just wipe you from the face of the earth. Angelo was charged with threatening to kill a U.S. congressman and is facing up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. I condemn in the strongest possible terms any attempts to intimidate government officials with violent threats, and in particular, efforts to target their families,  said Chairman Pai.  I would also like to express my sympathy to Congressman Katko and his family and thank law enforcement officials for taking this matter seriously. GOING AFTER THE CHILDREN OF FCC CHAIRMAN PAI:The net neutrality debate has become increasingly heated, with Chairman Pai reporting this week of threatening signs targeting his family. Protest signs of the repeal policy, which Pai formally released last week, turned up in his neighborhood naming and targeting his young children.  Dad murdered democracy,  one sign read, and another featured Pai s children s names.YES, THIS IS THE UNHINGED BEHAVIOR FROM THOSE ON THE LEFT WHO WANT TO KEEP NET NEUTRALITY. PRETTY SICK!Read more: WFB",0
9204,GOP’s Jim Jordan to Lou Dobbs: It’s jail time! Evidence shows FBI went after Republican Party nominee [Video],"GOP Rep. Jim Jordan on Lou Dobbs: Listen you can t make this stuff up. It gets worse each and every day. What deep down scares me, if this actually happened the FBI had a concerted effort with the people at the top to go after one party s nominee to help the other party s nominee. If that actually happened in the United States of America and everything each and every day points to more and more likely that that is what took place, it is sad for our country if that took place. And I think it did based on everything I am seeing. All the evidence points to that..@Jim_Jordan on Peter Strzok: ""In case the American people, in his mind, are crazy enough to elect Donald Trump we need something else to stop Trump. That's what this guy was thinking at the highest levels  at the FBI."" pic.twitter.com/vNWUhDvDuE  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 14, 2017The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified yesterday about the clear case of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. Changing Hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that Jim Jordan knows this goes much deeper. Hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on President Trump s back using the FISA court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true The questioning from Jordan is well worth watching:BYRON YORK:An insurance policy? From the Strzok-Page texts. https://t.co/Ru5P1dWFXI pic.twitter.com/hiyApwb7Jg  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 13, 2017BRET BAIER:Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): ""I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy's office-that there's no way he gets elected-but I'm afraid we can't take that risk.It's like an insurance policy in unlikely event u die be4 you're 40""  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) December 13, 2017ANDREW MCCARTHY COMMENTED ON THE TWEET THAT EXPOSED THE AGENTS FOR THEIR POLITICAL BIAS:Obviously, this is not political banter. Clearly indicates professional duties infected by political viewpoints, which is disqualifying. I was going on the published accounts I'd seen, which didn't include this one. Should follow my own advice to wait til all facts in. https://t.co/fXk7GPnk5U  Andrew C. McCarthy (@AndrewCMcCarthy) December 13, 2017",0
9205,LOL! SARAH SANDERS MOCKS CNN’s April Ryan…Sends Hilarious Tweets To Verify Authenticity Of Her Homemade Pecan Pies,"One month ago, CNN political analyst and American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan took to Twitter, and without any evidence, suggested that White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders didn t actually bake the Thanksgiving Day pecan pie she posted on Twitter.Here s the tweet from Sanders showing the pie she baked with the message:  I dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! I  dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! pic.twitter.com/rO8nFxtly7  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 23, 2017Ryan responded by actually demanding that Sanders do more than post a picture of the pie with a white background, and that she show Twitter users the pie on her table!Show it to us on a table. https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan then took it a step further and doubled down, letting her Twitter users know that the legitimacy of Sanders  claim that she baked the pecan pie was no laughing matter.I am not trying to be funny but folks are already saying #piegate and #fakepie Show it to us on the table with folks eating it and a pic of you cooking it. I am getting the biggest laugh out of this. I am thankful for this laugh on Black Friday! https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Never one to let the bad behavior of a leftist member of the media sharks go unnoticed, Sarah Sanders decided to share a step-by-step pictorial of her Christmas pecan pies for the petty CNN reporter April Ryan. Sanders tweeted directly to April Ryan this time, asking Ryan for her opinion on how to best prepare her pie:  It s pie time! With or without bourbon @AprilDRyan? #piegate It s pie time! With or without bourbon @AprilDRyan? #piegate pic.twitter.com/2xw58FDFg6  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Sanders then thanked VP Chief of Staff Nick Ayers for supplying the pecans from his family farm in Georgia:Thanks to @VP Chief of Staff @Nick_Ayers for supplying the pecans from his family farm in Georgia #piegate pic.twitter.com/Lx7LpMwF4V  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Sanders even offered to provide CNN s April Ryan with  further documentation  if she needed further proof to verify the authenticity of her homemade pecan pies:Ingredients all mixed up and pies in the oven! @AprilDRyan let me know if you need further documentation #piegate pic.twitter.com/OVYLg1gBgO  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Finally, Sanders ended her series of tweets with a zinger:  Excited to share these at tomorrow s press potluck. Merry Christmas to the WH press corps! Excited to share these at tomorrow s press potluck. Merry Christmas to the WH press corps! pic.twitter.com/PKqfHk3nXJ  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Could there be a classier or wittier person than Sarah Huckabee Sanders, when it comes to dealing with our rabid, Trump-hating, leftist media?",0
9206,UPDATE: BUSTED By The Secret Service…CNN’s April Ryan Called Out for Fake Report On Trump Aide’s Firing [Video],"The Secret Service pushed back on a CNN reporter s claim that a fired Trump aide was physically removed from the White House:Reporting regarding Secret Service personnel physically removing Omarosa Manigault Newman from the @WhiteHouse complex is incorrect.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) December 13, 2017Earlier today, CNN s April Ryan reported Trump administration aide Omarosa Manigault had to be escorted out of the White House by Secret Service officers after she was fired by Chief of Staff John Kelly. American Urban Radio Networks  White House correspondent April Ryan told the story about the aide s firing on CNN:.@AprilDRyan reports Omarosa is leaving the White House because General Kelly ""was tired of all the drama."" She ""was very vulgar, she was cursing"" when he let her know and tried to go see Trump in his residence, but was escorted out by Secret Service https://t.co/tXu1J9HEOw  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017THE LEFTY TRUMP HATERS WERE GLEEFUL: Watch how nasty Angela Rye is about a fellow black woman Shame on her!""Bye girl, bye   You have never represented the community.   Good riddance, goodbye, deuces out!"" @angela_rye celebrates the departure of Omarosa Manigault from the White House https://t.co/t2w0NBvunL https://t.co/1uHDdvobgy  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017THE SECRET SERVICE TWEETED OUT A SECOND TWEET THAT THEY JUST TOOK THE PASS OF THR PERSON LET GO:The Secret Service was not involved in the termination process of Ms Manigault Newman or the escort off of the complex. Our only involvement in this matter was to deactivate the individual's pass which grants access to the complex.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) December 13, 2017",0
9207,DOCTOR MENTIONED In Hillary Email Released By Wikileaks Found DEAD In Apartment…Police Say He Committed Suicide By Stabbing Himself To Death??,"54-year-old Dr. Dean Lorich, Associate Director of Orthopaedic Trauma Service at the Hospital for Special Surgery, as well as the Chief of the Orthopedic Trauma Service at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, was found dead in his apartment earlier this week.According to New York City police, he committed suicide by stabbing himself to death.That s a pretty normal way to commit suicide right?It s like the time when former President of the United Nations General Assembly John Ashe, was found dead in his apartment only days before he was set to testify against the Clintons in a corruption case. The official reports indicated that Ashe died of a heart attack.The problem, however, is that police on the scene reported Ashe died when his throat was crushed during a work-out accident.Adding to the mysterious nature of Ashe s death was the fact that he had been slated to be in court Monday with his Chinese businessman co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, from whom he reportedly received over $1 billion in donations during his term as president of the U.N. General Assembly. And then there was this: During the presidency of Bill Clinton, Seng illegally funneled several hundred thousand dollars to the Democrat National Committee.Now ABC News is reporting:An acclaimed trauma surgeon was found dead with a knife in his torso Sunday in his Park Avenue apartment in a suspected suicide, New York City police said.Dr. Dean Lorich, 54, was the associate director of the orthopedic trauma service at the Hospital for Special Surgery who treated Bono in 2014 after the U2 frontman was badly injured in a cycling accident in Central Park.Lorich was also a professor at Weill Cornell Medical College.His death is being investigated as an apparent suicide, a New York Police Department official told ABC News.Initial investigations did not find any signs of forced entry at his apartment, the official said. Authorities have not found a suicide note.Police responding to a 911 call of an assault in a Park Avenue apartment at 1:05 p.m. Sunday found Lorich unconscious and unresponsive with a knife in his torso, according to the NYPD. Emergency medical service responders pronounced him dead.The email Wikileaks published, was highly critical of the failed relief efforts in Haiti and was shared by Cheryl Mills with Hillary Clinton.In 2010, Lorich was part of a relief effort that flew to Haiti as a volunteer to offer his skills for civilians who had been injured during the earthquakes that devastated the region.Within 24 hours of the earthquake, a 13-member team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, and operating room nurses was assembled, with a massive amount of orthopedic operating room equipment, and flew to Port-au-Prince with Dr. Lorich.Bill and Hillary Clinton s  charitable  Clinton foundation led the relief effort in Haiti raising millions of dollars from around the world to help the people recover from the natural disaster. Sadly, most of the funds never reached the people of Haiti, but instead, lined the pockets of the Clintons  associates who were meant to redevelop the nation, but never delivered.Dr. Lorich and his team were there to help save the limbs of those injured, which without the proper medical treatment, would have meant amputation for a lot of people.Lorich described amputation in those conditions as a  death sentence  and hoped to treat as many sufferers as possible, saying:  We expected many amputations.  But we thought we could save limbs that were salvageable, particularly those of children.  We recognized that in an underdeveloped country, a limb amputation may be a death sentence.  It does not have to be so. With the amount of money that was being donated to Haiti for the victims, Lorich and his team expected to have full support when their plane touched down.Instead, he described the situation as  shameful  and witnessed, first hand, a huge misappropriation of funds, with the people affected by the disaster receiving no help whatsoever.Dr. Lorich was disgusted by what he saw and sent an email to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s Chief of Staff Cheryl D. Mills to report what he had seen.In July 2017, a 50-year-old Haitian tied to the Clinton Foundation was found dead with a gunshot wound to his head.It s no secret that the Clinton Foundation has been facing credible reports of robbing impoverished Haitians who were devastated by Hurricane Hanna in 2008, through their  foundation.  Haitians have been protesting for years outside of the Clinton Foundation offices over the theft of money that was donated by individuals and businesses to the Clinton Foundation that never made it to the poorest of the poor.One man was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation next week. That man was 50-year-old former Haitian government official Klaus Eberwein. He was found dead in his Miami home with a  gunshot to the head  that s been ruled a  suicide  by the Miami-Dade s medical examiner records supervisor. (Think Vince Foster)Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official who was expected to expose the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption and malpractice next week, has been found dead in Miami. He was 50.Eberwein was due to appear next Tuesday before the Haitian Senate Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission where he was widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake donations from international donors.Eberwein, who had acknowledged his life was in danger, was a fierce critic of the Clinton Foundation s activities in the Caribbean island, where he served as director general of the government s economic development agency, Fonds d assistance  conomique et social, for three years.According to Eberwein, a paltry 0.6% of donations granted by international donors to the Clinton Foundation with the express purpose of directly assisting Haitians actually ended up in the hands of Haitian organizations. A further 9.6% ended up with the Haitian government. The remaining 89.8%   or $5.4 billion   was funneled to non-Haitian organizations. The Clinton Foundation, they are criminals, they are thieves, they are liars, they are a disgrace,  Eberwein said at a protest outside the Clinton Foundation headquarters in Manhattan last year.The former director general of Haiti, who also served as an advisor to Haitian President Michel Martelly, was also a partner in a popular pizza restaurant in Haiti, Muncheez, and even has a pizza   the Klaus Special   named after him.According to the Haiti Libre newspaper, Eberwein was said to be in  good spirits , with plans for the future. His close friends and business partners are shocked by the idea he may have committed suicide. It s really shocking,  said Muncheez s owner Gilbert Bailly.  We grew up together; he was like family.   Your News WireAmericans were warned about the crooked dealings of the Clinton Crime family when in September of 2016, former Senate President of Haiti, Bernard Sansaricq, shocked a large crowd at a Trump campaign event in Little Haiti, FL. Sansaricq stood up during the public event and relayed his account of the Clinton s dirty dealings in Haiti while he was still in office. To his credit, candidate Donald Trump allowed Sansaricq to speak his mind, and to expose the crimes of the Clinton s, who were attempting to scratch and claw their way back into our White House.Sansaricq claimed he begged the Clinton Administration not to invade Haiti. His request was followed up with a visit by an anonymous messenger from the White House who encouraged him to  side  with the Clinton Administration and he would  be the richest man in Haiti. He also demanded that Hillary Clinton  disclose the audit of all money  related to the Haiti earthquake crisis, as he claimed they scammed the poorest citizens of Haiti out of BILLIONS of dollars through the Clinton Foundation. Not even 2% of that money went back to Haiti. So, Mr. Trump, we are asking you, begging you, the Haitian community will side with you if one day, you ask Hillary Clinton publicly to disclose the audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Haiti is a very poor country. Haiti needs defenders. You said you would champion our cause. We welcome you sir and we will work with you. Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti. Only a couple of days before Eberwein s death, a Republican donor, and operative from Chicago s North Shore who said he had tried to obtain Hillary Clinton s missing emails from Russian hackers killed himself in a Minnesota hotel room days after talking to The Wall Street Journal about his efforts, public records show.In a room at a Rochester hotel used almost exclusively by Mayo Clinic patients and relatives, Peter W. Smith, 81, left a carefully prepared file of documents, which includes a statement police called a suicide note in which he said he was in ill health and a life insurance policy was expiring.",0
9208,JIM JORDAN BLASTS DEPUTY AG ROSENSTEIN On Key Anti-Trump Text Saying “We can’t let” Trump Be President…”We need an insurance policy” [Video],"The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified today about the clear cases of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. Changing Hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that Jim Jordan knows this goes much deeper. Hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on President Trump s back using the FISA court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true The questioning from Jordan is well worth watching:JIM JORDAN JUST SPOKE WITH LOU DOBBS:.@Jim_Jordan on Peter Strzok: ""In case the American people, in his mind, are crazy enough to elect Donald Trump we need something else to stop Trump. That's what this guy was thinking at the highest levels  at the FBI."" pic.twitter.com/vNWUhDvDuE  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 14, 2017BYRON YORK:An insurance policy? From the Strzok-Page texts. https://t.co/Ru5P1dWFXI pic.twitter.com/hiyApwb7Jg  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 13, 2017BRET BAIER:Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): ""I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy's office-that there's no way he gets elected-but I'm afraid we can't take that risk.It's like an insurance policy in unlikely event u die be4 you're 40""  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) December 13, 2017ANDREW MCCARTHY COMMENTED ON THE TWEET THAT EXPOSED THE AGENTS FOR THEIR POLITICAL BIAS:Obviously, this is not political banter. Clearly indicates professional duties infected by political viewpoints, which is disqualifying. I was going on the published accounts I'd seen, which didn't include this one. Should follow my own advice to wait til all facts in. https://t.co/fXk7GPnk5U  Andrew C. McCarthy (@AndrewCMcCarthy) December 13, 2017",0
9209,WATCH: INTERNATIONAL SHOPLIFTING PUNK LiAngelo Ball Makes Disgusting Admission About His Apology To President Trump…Proves He’s No Better Than His Ungrateful Dad,"It s beyond sad to watch these young men sitting through an interview with their overbearing, loudmouth dad controlling their every move. It s especially disturbing to see Lavar Ball and the hosts of The Breakfast Club laughing about LiAngelo and his fellow UCLA basketball players stealing Louis Vuitton sunglasses in China.He certainly isn t doing them any favors LiAngelo Ball said he wouldn t have apologized to President Trump if UCLA didn t make him do so.After Ball and teammates Cody Riley and Jalen Hill were arrested and released for shoplifting in China, the trio held a press conference after arriving in the United States where they thanked Trump for his role in their release. But according to LiAngelo, who along with his dad, LaVar, spoke about the apology with The Breakfast Club Wednesday morning, an apology wouldn t have been in the cards if he knew he wasn t going to play for UCLA again.Watch, as Lavar Ball, the father of 2 of these 3 unfortunate young men that were part of the interview with The Breakfast Club, talks about how differently he d be treated if he were white. Perhaps someone should explain to Lavar that the real reason he offends everyone within earshot of his big mouth, is because he s an arrogant ass, who owes any attention he gets from the media to his son s athletic abilities (which of course, he takes full credit for). They wanted to hear that, and he tweeted about it before my speech so I had to add it in there right before I gave it,  LiAngelo told the Power 105.1 morning show.According to the middle Ball son, the school reminded him about Trump right before he went up to speak to the press. If they didn t tell me to do it, it wouldn t have been in there,  Ball said on the program, in reference to the Trump apology.Trump fired off a tweet after the UCLA players returned questioning whether they would thank him for facilitating their release.Trump s tweet then prompted LaVar Ball to question how exactly Trump helped. Who?  Ball told ESPN.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Ball s response led to more beef between the two, with Ball reigniting the feud earlier in December when he tweeted a cartoon showing him dunking on the commander-in-chief.LiAngelo, who was suspended indefinitely by UCLA, left the school weeks later and, along with his younger brother, LaMelo, signed a professional contract with Lithuania basketball club Prienu Vytautas this week.  NYPOn November 21, 2017, we published an article about how a family member revealed the SICK reason LaVar Ball allegedly wouldn t let his sons see their mother after  surgery to remove portion of her skull So who is this crackpot LaVar Ball, and why would anyone in their right mind make such arrogant and ignorant remarks after the President of the United States just helped their son to escape a prison sentence in a foreign country? Andrew Stephens of the Armchair All Americans did a pretty good job of summing up what a horrible human being the self-serving, money, and fame-obsessed LaVar Ball really is. In his article, Stephens reveals a sick man, who is so controlling of his 3 sons and their basketball careers, that he wouldn t even let them visit their very sick mother in the hospital, over fears that it could create media attention that could damage his merchandise brand.On March 15, 2017, Andrew Stephens of Armchair All Americans published an article about Lavar Ball titled Lavar Ball: The epitome of what is wrong with modern sports. It touched on helicopter parenting and the monetization of potentially profitable children.Stephens claimed that in the article, without commenting on upbringing tactics, I attempted to delve into Lavar Ball s seemingly unnecessary promotion of his own sons for his personal benefit.About an hour after the article was run, I received a comment on it from a member of the Ball family, who wishes to remain anonymous. The comment (which has since been removed to protect the email address and identity of the commenter) read as follows:- Wow. You nailed it. Although you don t even know the half of it. Lavar took over the high school program, added the Coach, his puppet (which is why he quit last year after becoming the national coach of the year) and Lavar stepped on and crushed countless other kids  careers and love for the game to get his kids on the court. If you are allowed to shoot at any time from anywhere and never come out of the game, any decent idiot could score 30 points.Also, Tina Ball, his wife had a stroke on Feb 21. She had life-threatening skull surgery to relieve brain pressure   guess where Lavar was during the operation that could have killed his wife?   at the CHHS vs. LB Poly game with his sons, including Lonzo. He still has not allowed his kids to see their sick mother due to the media attention it would bring to him, and cause BBB sales to diminish. [Name of hospital] in [City of hospital], CA   Tina is there now and he only visits for 1 hour a few days a week, while her Mother has yet to leave her side. Pathetic!!! ",0
9210,UPDATE: TRUMP AIDE VICTIM OF FAKE NEWS…WAS NOT Tossed From The White House [Video],"Earlier today, CNN s April Ryan reported Trump administration aide Omarosa Manigault had to be escorted out of the White House by Secret Service officers after she was fired by Chief of Staff John Kelly. American Urban Radio Networks  White House correspondent April Ryan told the story about the aide s firing on CNN:.@AprilDRyan reports Omarosa is leaving the White House because General Kelly ""was tired of all the drama."" She ""was very vulgar, she was cursing"" when he let her know and tried to go see Trump in his residence, but was escorted out by Secret Service https://t.co/tXu1J9HEOw  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017THE LEFTY TRUMP HATERS WERE GLEEFUL:""Bye girl, bye   You have never represented the community.   Good riddance, goodbye, deuces out!"" @angela_rye celebrates the departure of Omarosa Manigault from the White House https://t.co/t2w0NBvunL https://t.co/1uHDdvobgy  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017The problem is that the Secret Service pushed back in a tweet saying this did not happen:Reporting regarding Secret Service personnel physically removing Omarosa Manigault Newman from the @WhiteHouse complex is incorrect.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) December 13, 2017",0
9211,GOWDY ON FIRE! Rips Into Deputy AG Rosenstein: “What in the HELL is going on at the DOJ and FBI?” [Video],"Rep. Trey Gowdy SC:  This  conflict of interest-free  senior agent of the FBI can t think of a single solitary American who would vote for Donald Trump  .@TGowdySC: ""This 'conflict of interest-free' senior agent of the FBI can't think of a single solitary American who would vote for @realDonaldTrump."" pic.twitter.com/BSLBtPG4Qi  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 13, 2017Trey Gowdy calls out the Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein who can t seem to make eye contact with Gowdy during the entire rant that goes through the corruption of both the FBI and DOJ.The fact is that the corruption and weaponization of the intel agencies has never been so bad. You can thank Obama and his minions for this. The American people deserve better from their government. This is Banana Republic Stuff. If you haven t heard yet, over 10,000 texts from former Mueller team members were released last night that could shut the door on this entire Mueller sham investigation:  p class= speakable >Fox News just revealed what we knew but it s out in the open now: Text messages between FBI officials Peter Strzok and mistress Lisa Page in 2016 referred to then-candidate Donald Trump as a  loathsome human  and  an idiot. HOW CAN THEY EVEN BEGIN TO BE NEUTRAL IN THIS SHAM OF AN INVESTIGATION?More than 10,000 texts between Strzok and Page were being reviewed by the Justice Department after Strzok was removed from Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe after it was revealed that some of them contained anti-Trump content.The bulk of the messages obtained by Fox News were sent on March 4 of last year, as Trump held a sizable lead in the GOP primary race. God, Trump is a loathsome human,  Page texted Strzok on that date. Yet he many[sic] win,  Strzok responded.  Good for Hillary. Later the same day, Strzok texted Page,  Omg Trump s an idiot. He s awful,  Page answered. America will get what the voting public deserves,  said Strzok, to which Page responded.  That s what I m afraid of. WHY REASSIGNED AND NOT FIRED?Strzok, who was an FBI counterintelligence agent, was reassigned to the FBI s human resources division after the discovery of the exchanges with Page, with whom he was having an affair. Page was briefly on Mueller s team, but since has returned to the FBI.The messages disclosed were sent during the 2016 campaign and contain multiple discussions about various candidates BUT THE MOST DAMAGING ARE THE RIPS ON TRUMP. ",0
9212,LOL! #VeryFakeNewsCNN Claims Anderson Cooper’s Twitter Account Was Hacked After He Tweeted Nasty Message To President Trump,"After Roy Moore s ugly loss in the Alabama Senate race last night, President Trump took the high road and congratulated Democrat candidate Doug Jones who won by less than 1% of the vote. President Trump tweeted:  Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends! Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017Trump then tweeted an explanation as to why he didn t get behind Roy Moore in the primary, and chose instead, to support his Republican opponent Luther Strange.President Trump tweeted:  The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017The  verified  Anderson Cooper account responded to President Trump s tweet by saying,  Oh Really? You endorsed him you tool! Twitter user  Blackish Jimmy Kimmel  took a screen shot of Cooper s tweet before it was deleted:This is CNN   #FactsFirst That awkward moment when You're @AndersonCooper trying to convince people that #FakeTweets are being made from your Verified twitter account. pic.twitter.com/tHexTfDv2e  Blackish JimmyKimmel (@StrokerAce90) December 13, 2017#VeryFakeNewsCNN s communication team got out ahead of the sh*t storm and tweeted,  This morning someone gained access to the handle @andersoncooper and replied to POTUS. We re working with Twitter to secure the account. This morning someone gained access to the handle @andersoncooper and replied to POTUS. We're working with Twitter to secure the account.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) December 13, 2017Normally, we d give the Twitter user the benefit of doubt, but in the case of #VeryFakeNewsCNN, they haven t proven that they re ethical or fair in their treatment of President Donald Trump in the past, so there s really no reason for most of America to believe that Anderson s tweet to President Trump wasn t sent by him.What are you thoughts? Do you believe CNN, or do you think Cooper Anderson simply sent a response to Donald Trump that he deleted after he realized he exposed his hate for our President? Tell us what you think in the comment section below.",0
9213,LYNCH MOB WINS By Less Than 1%…Why Republicans Are To Blame For LEFTIST DOUG JONES’ Victory,"They threw everything but the kitchen sink at Judge Roy Moore. Democrats outspent Moore 10-1, and more importantly, the Democrat Party unified, like they always do, to get behind their candidate (think Hillary Clinton), no matter their flaws, or how weak of a candidate he or she may be. Meanwhile, the Republicans did exactly what they always do they splintered, they argued amongst themselves, and they waited until the 11th hour to get behind Roy Moore, the Republican candidate who was accused (without evidence) by several women (one of whom admitted to committing forgery in a high school yearbook used as evidence of her claim against him) of sexual misconduct several decades ago. The media will try to blame this loss on President Trump, but the truth of the matter is, that the Republican Party came late to the game with funding and with support for Roy Moore, while half of the party either sat on their hands or openly condemned their candidate. The spineless Republican Party can take credit for the historic loss tonight in Alabama.AP   In a stunning victory aided by scandal, Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama s special Senate election on Tuesday, beating back history, an embattled Republican opponent and President Donald Trump, who urgently endorsed GOP rebel Roy Moore despite a litany of sexual misconduct allegations.It was the first Democratic Senate victory in a quarter-century in Alabama, one of the reddest of red states, and proved anew that party loyalty is anything but sure in the age of Trump. It was a major embarrassment for the president and a fresh wound for the nation s already divided Republican Party.A number of Republicans declined to support him, including Alabama s long-serving Sen. Richard Shelby. But Trump lent his name and the national GOP s resources to Moore s campaign in recent days.",0
9214,JUST RELEASED: Texts Between Anti-Trump Mueller Team Members Call Trump ‘Loathsome Human’…’Awful’,"Fox News just revealed what we knew but it s out in the open now: Text messages between FBI officials Peter Strzok and mistress Lisa Page in 2016 referred to then-candidate Donald Trump as a  loathsome human  and  an idiot. HOW CAN THEY EVEN BEGIN TO BE NEUTRAL IN THIS SHAM OF AN INVESTIGATION?More than 10,000 texts between Strzok and Page were being reviewed by the Justice Department after Strzok was removed from Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe after it was revealed that some of them contained anti-Trump content.The bulk of the messages obtained by Fox News were sent on March 4 of last year, as Trump held a sizable lead in the GOP primary race. God, Trump is a loathsome human,  Page texted Strzok on that date. Yet he many[sic] win,  Strzok responded.  Good for Hillary. Later the same day, Strzok texted Page,  Omg Trump s an idiot. He s awful,  Page answered. America will get what the voting public deserves,  said Strzok, to which Page responded.  That s what I m afraid of. WHY REASSIGNED AND NOT FIRED?Strzok, who was an FBI counterintelligence agent, was reassigned to the FBI s human resources division after the discovery of the exchanges with Page, with whom he was having an affair. Page was briefly on Mueller s team, but since has returned to the FBI.The messages disclosed were sent during the 2016 campaign and contain multiple discussions about various candidates BUT THE MOST DAMAGING ARE THE RIPS ON TRUMP. ",0
9215,RUDE! WATCH MEGYN KELLY Ask Pastor Who Supports Moore: ‘Aren’t You Worried About the Teenage Girls in the D.C. Area?’,"WOW! MEGYN KELLY IS CLEARLY DESPERATE FOR RATINGS You won t believe this interview. Megyn Kelly keeps attacking Alabama Pastor Mike Allison in a cringe-inducing interview. She should be ashamed of herself for this interview. It s awful!KELLY: Aren t you worried at all about the teenage girls in the D.C. area if it is true?ALLISON: No. I m not worried about the teenage girls in the D.C. area because of Roy Moore. There s absolutely no record of him carrying on like this at all. And these allegations, from what I understand, are all 30 and 40 years of age. I believe if he was that type of an individual, there would be a strong string of this stuff going on. It hasn t happened.Pastor Mike Allison is fantastic in his commentary against a clearly desperate Kelly. She s embarrassing herself!OUR LAST REPORT ON MEGYN KELLY SHOWS SHE S JUMPED ON THE BANDWAGON OF THE  ME TOO  CROWD ALL FOR RATINGS:Last week, it was NBC s  Never-Trump  Megyn Kelly s chance to exact revenge on President Trump, who after attacking him during his first debate, lost her conservative Fox News fanbase and basically saw her promising career come to a screeching halt. NBC picked up Kelly in a $23 million per year contract in a gamble that liberals would warm up to the formerly conservative host. NBC has since found out that conservatives no longer want anything to do with Kelly, and liberals despise her for her past performances as a top-rated host on conservative-leaning FOX News.Twitter users were on fire after Megyn Kelly did her part to help tear down President Trump (again):Megyn Kelly,You and your employer need to smear Trump but there's nothing left to accuse him of so you're going to re-interview Trump accusers who've already been proven pos liars?How desperate you must be.  Philip Schuyler (@FiveRights) December 11, 2017Megyn Kelly traipsed out  a trio of Donald Trump accusers on her failing show. Rest assured, there will be many more liberal accusers who come out against Donald Trump, as racism appears to have lost its glow, as a means to draw voters into the Democrat Party, as Americans have become tired of watching Democrats constantly drawing from the bottom of the deck, as a way to cloud Trump s  Make America Great Again  agenda of a pro-growth economy, jobs, education, lower taxes, and America first.Megyn Kelly, who is desperate for ratings, must have been incredibly disappointed when breaking news of a botched suicide bomber attack in New York City was reported at the same time her Democrat Donald Trump accuser was telling her story on her show.Daily Mail A trio of the president s accusers reemerged on Monday to hound him for sexually harassing them.Samantha Holvey, Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks had previously made allegations against Trump and appeared on Megyn Kelly  Today  to demand justice as the White House resumed its claim that the issue had been litigated in last year s election. All of a sudden, he s all over, me, kissing and groping and groping and kissing,  said Leeds, a self-proclaimed Democrat, who says she revealed her story because  I wanted people to know what kind of a person that Trump really is what a pervert he is. This is the same Jessica Leeds that accused Trump of sexual harassment.Think Megyn Kelly will bring this picture up?Think she ll bring up the time that Jessica Leeds was in a two year property law suit with Trump? pic.twitter.com/AvdEyYu8Ew  WhiteNitemare (@Carl_Anthony215) December 11, 2017Leeds claims that Trump assaulted on a plane in the  70s and called her a  c***  when he ran into her some time later at a party in New York while he was still married to his first wife Ivana.Megyn Kelly asked former Trump accuser Jessica Leeds what she wants other women to know about sexual harassment. Leeds replied,  We have a problem in that we have been enculturated all of this time for all of this time, for years and years and years, to be compliant.  Leeds went on to say,  For the woman who voted for Trump, they just didn t want to vote for a woman   It became reasonably difficult to believe a single work Leeds had to say when she used the word enculturated  when referring to her alleged meeting with Donald Trump. It became impossible to believe a word she said when Leeds followed up her comment by exposing her bitter feelings towards women for not voting for Hillary.  The only thing missing from Leeds during her appearance on the Megyn Kelly show was her pussy hat and an  I m a committed Democrat Feminist  tattoo on her forehead. Watch:WATCH: ""If there are other women out there, what do you want them to know?""   Megyn asks Trump accusers Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey & Rachel Cooks on #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/YPt1CxieUA  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Watch Crooks tell Megyn her alleged story here: Is it true he [Trump] asked for your phone number?   @megynkelly  Yeah I remember saying,  What do you need that for?   Trump accuser Rachel Crooks on @MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/OCX1ZpnV2J  TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 11, 2017Watch the obvious excitment of Megyn Kelly to be able to pretend as though she s relevant with a breaking news announcemnt with the official White House response to the allegations:WATCH: Statement the @WhiteHouse just provided to #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/0hahP6goW1  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Daily Mail  The two other women said that Trump s conduct while he was a businessman left them  shocked  and  devastated  and feeling  very gross  and  very dirty. I was so uncomfortable, and a little, yeah, threatened, like I didn t have a choice,  Crooks on Monday said.Kelly s program was preempted in New York as an explosion went off in Manhattan. Her show aired in other parts of the country, however, including Washington.Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant, said that Trump came backstage in 2006 and reviewed the women while they were indecent.She recalled thinking at the time that it would be a meet and great with Trump. But it wasn t.The former Miss North Carolina says Trump was  just looking me over like I was just a piece of meat. I was not a human being. I did not have a brain I did not have a personality. I was just simply there for his pleasure. It left me feeling very gross, very dirty, like this is not what I signed up for. Here s how Twitter responded to Megyn s show: You know the Russia narrative is over when Megyn Kelly is having Trump accusers on her show.It will be never ending the next 3-7 years.The media is becoming the little boy that cried wolf.If they ever did find REAL dirt on Trump, no-one will believe them.  Josh (@JoshNoneYaBiz) December 11, 2017Megyn Kelly is interviewing the lying 3 blind mice Trump accusers to save her failing show. Hope it s the final blow revealing to all that it s all about Megyn, for Megyn & nothing but Megyn s self serving ass who owes Trump gratitude for her relevancy.  Tiff  (@LATiffani1) December 11, 2017",0
9216,POCAHONTAS CALLS Trump’s Comments To Dem Senator Gillibrand “Slut-Shaming”…So Why Didn’t She Call Trump’s Comments About Romney During The Campaign “Slut-Shaming”? [VIDEO],"How quickly the Democrats and their allies in the media forget, that when the bear is poked, he fights back. Donald Trump has never been shy about punching back when he s being unfairly attacked, and Democrat Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (NY) is no exception. When she came after President Trump for allegations made by women for alleged sexual misconduct by then candidate-Trump, suggesting he should resign, Trump reminded everyone of how Gillibrand came to Trump, the former billionaire NYC business tycoon, begging him for campaign contributions.Here is Gillibrand s tweet calling for President Trump to either resign or threatening that Congress should investigate decades-old unfounded claims of sexual misconduct:President Trump should resign. But, of course, he won't hold himself accountable. Therefore, Congress should investigate the multiple sexual harassment and assault allegations against him.  Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) December 11, 2017Donald Trump responded:  Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office  begging  for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED! Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office  begging  for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017Fake Indian Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MS) took to Twitter in an attempt to  shame  President Trump. Here is the tweet by the female Senator who is more commonly known as  Pocahontas :Are you really trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @SenGillibrand? Do you know who you're picking a fight with? Good luck with that, @realDonaldTrump. Nevertheless, #shepersisted. https://t.co/mYJtBZfxiu  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) December 12, 2017Clearly Senator s Warren and Gillibrand never saw Trump attacking Mitt Romney during the campaign, otherwise, they surely would have tweeted about Trump  slut-shaming  him right?Watch:Donald Trump on Mitt Romney: ""He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said, 'Mitt, drop to your knees.' He would have dropped to his knees.""Was Trump sexually harassing/slut shaming Romney?No, this type of language is a part of Trump's vernacular. pic.twitter.com/DwwOYCGljJ  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) December 12, 2017When Trump attacked Romney during the campaign, the Business Insider reported about the incident:GOP frontrunner Donald Trump responded to Mitt Romney s broadside on Thursday by saying that the former Republican presidential candidate had  begged  for his endorsement. He was begging for my endorsement,  Trump said at a rally later in Portland, Maine. I could ve said,  Mitt, drop to your knees.  He was begging me,  Trump said.Trump was referring to the 2012 race for president in which Romney, the GOP nominee that year, sought Trump s endorsement.But if they were friendly four years ago, that relationship has clearly deteriorated.Earlier Thursday, Romney gave a speech in which he railed against Trump, whom he called a  fraud,   con man,   phony,  and  fake,  among other things. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University,  Romney jabbed.  He s playing the American public for suckers. He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat. Throughout Trump s subsequent speech in Maine, the real-estate developer repeatedly and extensively lashed back out at Romney. Mitt is a failed candidate   he failed badly,  Trump said.  That is a race that should have been won. He repeatedly called Romney a  choke artist  throughout the speech, an insult he s used against Marco Rubio, a top Trump rival for the 2016 nomination. He s a choke artist, I started hitting him so hard,  Trump said.  We can t take another loss. He choked, he choked like nobody I ve ever seen except for Rubio,  he continued.At other points in his speech, Trump called Romney a  disaster  candidate in 2012. The billionaire businessman then mentioned a fundraiser he held for Romney that  ruined  his carpet. Trump said Romney did not compensate him for the damages Senator Gillibrand was clearly not above cozying up to sexual predators for contributions or for leveraging their political clout. This Twitter user posted a picture of Gillibrand with Harvey Weinstein, the most notorious sexual predator in Hollywood:Senator Gillibrand is also a close friend of Harvey Weinstein. So much for being a strong feminist ally. pic.twitter.com/eXNO0iZSBx  DEPLORABLE MEDIA (@correctthemedia) December 12, 2017And here s Gillibrand posing with former President Bill Clinton the accused rapist and sexual assaulter, who was impeached for lying about having sex under the Oval Office desk with a 19-year old intern: ",0
9217,ON FIRE! Sarah Sanders Shuts Down April Ryan: “Your mind is in the gutter” [Video],"If you watched this live, you had to be loving Sarah Sanders. She was on fire!APRIL RYAN BROUGHT UP THE TWEET FROM POTUS (see below) earlier today that has gotten so much attention from the left. The liberal media went crazy when President Trump tweeted that Senator Gillibrand would come to his office and do anything to get a donation from him.Fast forward and you have April Ryan trying to get in the gutter by claiming Trump s comment was sexist in nature. Sarah Sanders shot back that you would believe that only if your  mind is in the gutter Sarah Huckabee SandersWRECKS Gutter Girl April Ryan Only if your mind is in the gutter would u interpret it that way. She was referring to saying Senator Gillibrand would do anything for a contribution. U don't need to read into that. #PressBriefingpic.twitter.com/sLX90wrDPg   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterVIP) December 12, 2017HERE S WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED:Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office  begging  for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017Anyone who knows Washington should know that donations do buy access. It s the truth.SARAH SANDERS JUST SHUT DOWN CNN S JIM ACOSTA IN AN EPIC BACK AND FORTH:  I M NOT FINISHED  Sarah Huckabee Sanders was hot today when she went off on CNN s Jim Acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. Jim Acosta also would not be quiet so Sanders had to get loud and forceful:  I m not finished  Sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose There is a big difference.Go Sarah! There s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the American people something that happens regularly.    Sarah Huckabee SandersFox News Insider reports:White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders battled CNN reporter Jim Acosta, accusing the mainstream media of  purposefully  putting out false information.As he began a question, Acosta told Sanders at Monday s press briefing that journalists make  honest mistakes  and that doesn t mean it s  fake news. Sanders started to answer but Acosta and another reported interjected. I m sorry. I m not finished!  she countered. There s a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,  she shot back.Acosta asked for an example of a story that was  intentionally false  and meant to mislead Americans.Sanders called out the false report by ABC News  Brian Ross on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which earned Ross a four-week suspension.She called it  very telling  that Ross was suspended. Acosta kept pushing Sanders to let him ask his original question about allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump, but she refused.",0
9218,SENATOR GILLIBRAND Pulled Strings So Muslim Athlete Who Molested 12-Year Old Girl Could Come To U.S. After His Visa Was Denied,"Democrat Senator Kristen Gillibrand (NY) likes to think of herself as a champion of women. After multiple women came forward to accuse fellow Democrat Senator Al Franken of sexual assault (photos were also supplied as evidence of one of the accuser s claims), Gillibrand finally called for Franken to step down. Was Gillibrand s call for her fellow Senator to step down part of a larger plan to appear neutral, as she then attacked President Donald Trump for unfounded allegations against him only months before the election?  Isn t it kind of hypocritical for Gillibrand to call anyone out of sexual misconduct after she fought to bring a Muslim athlete to upstate New York who molested an innocent 12-year old girl while he was in America?The media CHEERED when NY Democrat Senator s Kirsten Gillibrand and Chuck Schumer helped a 24-yr old Muslim man enter the U.S. after he was denied entry The media was strangely SILENT, however, after he molested a 12-yr-old upstate NY girl while she was with her family at an event celebrating the Muslim athlete. Yesterday, it was discovered that the Islamic extremist who killed 9 people and injured dozens of others, when he rammed his truck into them on a busy bike path in New York City, entered our country on a  Diversity visa  that was the brainchild of none other than the Democrat Senator from NY, Chuck (I always put diversity before our nation s security) Schumer An Indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of U.S. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the World Snowshoe Championship in New York has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.It was a long journey for Indian snowshoe champion Hussain and his coach to the World Snowshoe Championships in Saranac Lake, New York last weekend.The US embassy in New Delhi rejected Tanveer Hussain s application for a visa so he could compete in the World Snowshoe Championship last month, Fox News reported.Local officials then appealed for help to Schumer and Gillibrand, and their offices reached out to the New Delhi embassy, which let Hussain successfully reapply for a visa.Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer, an outspoken opponent of President Trump s position on stricter immigration policies for immigrants and visa holders coming into the United States, bragged about getting around Trump s temporary travel restrictions to bring convicted pedophile Tanveer Hussain to New York on his Facebook page:Schumer s office told Fox he often intervenes to help international competitions. As we often do when local communities ask for help, at the request of Saranac Lake we helped to navigate the visa process so these athletes could compete at a local competition. The charges against one member of the group, who is accused of a serious crime and abusing our visa program, are extremely troubling. If he s found guilty, he should be punished to the fullest extent of the law,  a rep said.Gillibrand s office offered a similar response, adding that the charges are  extremely serious. Hussain hails from the Indian side of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which is predominantly Muslim. Although India is not one of the seven countries that were part of the initial travel ban, Hussain and Khan had alleged they were victims of it when their first attempt at procuring visas to travel to the United States was turned down in late January, the first business day after Trump s travel ban was put in place.Khan told the BBC that an employee at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi told them they were being rejected because of  current policy. U.S. officials said at the time that the denial was not connected to the travel ban. An embassy spokesman said they were preparing a statement for release later in the day.   National PostTanveer Hussain was indicted in August 2017, by an Essex County grand jury for allegedly having inappropriate contact with a 12-year-old Saranac Lake girl earlier this year.Tanveer is pictured below surrounded by young teenagers at Saranac Middle School. Taneer is pictured in center-left with his arms around a young girl.The grand jury returned the indictment charging Tanveer Hussain with one count of first-degree sexual abuse and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child, a report in the Adirondack Daily Enterprise quoted a press release from Essex County District Attorney Kristy Sprague as saying.The reckless and irresponsible acts of Democrat legislators like Senator Chuck Schumer, perfectly illustrates why Trump was right about demanding that we put additional vetting measures in place for immigrants.Hussain and team manager Abid Khan arrived Feb. 23 in the bucolic Adirondacks town, which had been following their visa ordeal and extended them a hero s welcome. Locals offered congratulations and free lodgings at an inn that in the snow looked like a  fairy tale scene from a movie,  Khan said in a Facebook post.The  fairy tale  was shattered Wednesday, when Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with felony sexual abuse and child welfare endangerment, police said.The parents of the 12-year-old girl allegedly involved said the incident happened Monday, after the end of the three-day snowshoe competition, and reported it to local authorities.Chief Charles A. Potthast Jr. of the Saranac Lake Village police force said the girl was playing pool Monday afternoon with other young people at the inn where Hussain was staying. There was a moment when the two were alone, and that s when the incident occurred,  Potthast said. The girl told police there was a  passionate kiss  and that Hussain touched her in an intimate area on top of her clothing.During their time in Saranac Lake, Hussein and his coach were honored with a special reception by the mayor and gave a talk about Kashmir at Saranac Lake Middle School, where students had waged a letter-writing campaign on their behalf.  Pack your bags. Next year you are coming to Kashmir,  Hussain told them, according to one of Khan s Facebook posts.  Washington Post",0
9219,"COWARDLY CHAIN MIGRATION TERRORIST Who Entered US During Obama’s Second Term, Mocked President Trump Just Before Failing To Blow Himself Up","Yesterday, a cowardly recipient of America s generosity, via a broken chain migration policy, walked through the busy subway terminal near the Port Authority Transit hub, where he planned to use a homemade bomb strapped to his body as a weapon to  terrorize as many people as possible.  The chain migration terrorist claims he chose the Port Authority site because the poor little radicalized Muslim who America welcomed with open arms, was triggered by the Christmas posters that hung in the hallways of the terminal. The chain migration terrorist, who was inspired by ISIS, failed miserably.The media will show their true colors when they ignore the ease with which radical Muslims from hotbed terror nations have been allowed to enter the United States, and will instead, will focus on Ullah s statement about wanting to punish President Trump for recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The media will also ignore the fact that we wouldn t even be having this conversation if Ullah was not allowed to enter the United States during Obama s presidency. It was actually during Barack Hussein Obama s second term in 2014, that Ullah began to explore ways to commit acts of terror against Americans, as a way to show his allegiance to the cowardly terror group, ISIS. (See paragraph  f. )Port Authority bomber Akayed Ullah wanted to send a message straight to the White House:  Trump you failed to protect your nation. Here is a screenshot of the complaint filed by Assistant United States Attorneys:That s what the 27-year-old ISIS adherent wrote on his Facebook page while on his way to blow himself up at the bustling transit hub Monday morning, according to the federal complaint filed Tuesday.He had also written in his passport:  O AMERICA, DIE IN YOUR RAGE. The charges also reveal that the 27-year-old Bangeldesh-born cabbie s online radicalization began in 2014, and he began researching how to build bombs a year ago   although he only constructed his crude explosive device at his Brooklyn home a week ago.Ullah built the bomb for  maximum damage,  federal prosecutors charge   filling it with metal screws   and performed the bombing on a workday because  he believed that there would be more people.   NYP ",0
9220,WATCH: ESTABLISHMENT REPUBLICAN Pollster Tries Desperately To Turn Alabama Voters Against Roy Moore…Gets BIG Surprise,"Establishment Republican pollster Frank Luntz looked more like a CNN host than a Republican pollster in a room full of committed Roy Moore voters. Luntz was obviously frustrated, as Alabama voters dug in their heels, and refused to back down on their support for Judge Roy Moore in today s Senate election to fill AG Jeff Sessions seat in Alabama.MONTGOMERY, Alabama   Frank Luntz, a GOP establishment messaging consultant, was visibly flabbergasted as every single one of his focus group participants in a Birmingham area Vice News-produced panel backed Judge Roy Moore for U.S. Senate. Titled  Why These Alabama Voters Are Sticking By Roy Moore,  Luntz s Vice News focus group aired on Vice News Tonight on Dec. 8 on HBO. Are you all Christians here?  Luntz opens the seven-and-a-half-minute long segment.  Yes,  all of the focus group participants, who joined Luntz in a Birmingham area restaurant, replied. Is Roy Moore a good Christian?  he followed up. Yes,  one woman replied.  Absolutely,  another said. Absolutely?  Luntz followed up in disbelief.  Yes,  the woman shot back.  Without any doubt whatsoever?  Luntz asked again.After some more back and forth, a man in the focus group spoke up. Scottie Porter, a real estate developer, said:He s not my choice, I m not voting for him because I like him. I m voting for him because I don t want Doug Jones. But Roy Moore is entitled to the presumption of innocence in the law and in the Bible just like anybody else should be. There are only accusations. There have been no charges filed. All you have is a group of women who have come forward. How many? How many?  Luntz pressed Porter. Seven,  he replied. There s really only three,  one woman yelled out. How many women have to come forward before you say  wait a minute, where there s smoke there s fire ?  Luntz asked the group.Chuck Moore, a retired sales consultant, replied:  It s about the legitimacy, not just how many. How many are not being paid? Or being coerced to do this? How many of them do you think are being paid?  Luntz asked the group. All of them,  some replied in unison. By a show of hands, how many of you think all the women are being paid?  Luntz asked the full group.Three hands in the group went up. Seriously?  Luntz asked in disbelief, before the camera turned to homemaker Jane Wade. To me, there are only two women that have a smoking gun but the women s their reputations are questionable at the time,  Wade said. Is this how you want to be treated as a woman if something were to happen to you? Do you want to be dismissed that way?  Luntz asked Gina Doran, a retired school bus driver. You better have proof,  Doran fired back at Luntz.Watch: Breitbart News",0
9221,SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN’S Trump Dossier Hand Off…The “Go-Between” Speaks Out,"The exclusive below from Fox news skips the fact that the Trump dossier had been circulated around but was NEVER proven to be true AT ALL! Why did John McCain feel it necessary to bring this  fake  dossier to the attention of anyone in the U.S. intel community? The Deep State desperately wants to destroy President Trump and this happens to be Exhibit Numero Uno:The man who says he acted as a  go-between  last year to inform Sen. John McCain about the controversial  dossier  containing salacious allegations about then-candidate Donald Trump is speaking out, revealing how the ex-British spy who researched the document helped coordinate its release to the FBI, the media and Capitol Hill. My mission was essentially to be a go-between and a messenger, to tell the senator and assistants that such a dossier existed,  Sir Andrew Wood told Fox News in an exclusive interview with senior executive producer Pamela K. Browne.Fox News spoke to Wood at the 2017 Halifax International Security Forum in Nova Scotia, Canada. As Britain s ambassador to Moscow from 1995-2000, Wood witnessed the end of Russian President Boris Yeltsin and the rise of Vladimir Putin.Just after the U.S. presidential election in November 2016, Arizona GOP Sen. McCain spoke at the same security conference. Wood says he was instructed  by former British spy Christopher Steele  to reach out to the senior Republican, whom Wood called  a good man,  about the unverified document.HERE S WHAT MCCAIN HAD TO SAY A FEW MONTHS AGO PUT THIS IN THE CONTEXT OF WHAT WE KNOW NOW:THE RUSSIAN LAWYER MET WITH SIMPSON OF FUSION GPS BEFORE THE MEETING WITH TRUMP JR IT WAS A SET-UP!Watch RINO Senator John McCain express his concern overt the seriousness of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer about the lifting US sanctions on Russian adoption. It s curious that the reporter never asked McCain about his efforts to smear our president with a unsubstantiated dirty dossier from an ex-spy:In August 2016,  Steele came to me to tell me what was in it, and why it   was important,  Wood said.  He made it very clear   yes, it was raw intelligence, but it needed putting into proper context before you could judge it fully. August 2016 is a critical period, just after the FBI opened the Russia meddling probe, and after then-director James Comey recommended against prosecution for Clinton s mishandling of classified information.Wood said Steele had  already been in contact with the FBI  at the time. He said there was corroborating evidence in the United States, from which I assumed he was working with an American company,  Wood said.British court records reviewed by Fox News as well as U.S. congressional testimony revealed that Steele was directed and paid at least $168,000 by Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson to push the research that fall to five American media outlets. According to British court documents, Steele met with The New York Times (twice), The Washington Post (twice), CNN, The New Yorker and Yahoo News (twice). Each of these interviews was conducted in person and with a member of Fusion also present,  according to the records associated with separate civil litigation against Steele and Fusion GPS.Wood said he d heard of Fusion GPS, as the group Steele was working with, but had  never heard of Mr. Simpson. Three weeks after Trump won the presidential election, at the Canadian security conference, the details were finalized for the dossier hand-off to McCain.Read more: Fox News",0
9222,Authorities Allowed NYC Chain Migration Terrorist To Stop Interrogation Several Times To Pray After Admitting He Was Triggered By CHRISTMAS Posters,"The poor little ISIS-inspired, chain migration, snowflake, terrorist can t even walk by a Christmas poster without being triggered. How long before Mayor DeBlasio starts the dialogue about removing triggering signs of Christmas from NYC, so as not to offend non-Christians? The taxi driver behind the failed terror attack in a New York City told investigators he meant to detonate his homemade pipe bomb in the busy subway station after seeing the walls festooned with Christmas posters   in revenge for violence against Muslims all over the world.While initial reports suggested the crude pipe bomb, made from a pipe, a 9-volt battery, match heads, sugar, Christmas tree lights and screws, had detonated prematurely, suspect Akayed Ullah, 27, insisted he set off the bomb deliberately.Ullah, who was arrested and taken for questioning after the bomb only partially detonated, told police he was walking through the underground tunnel at 7.20am, between the Port Authority station towards Times Square, when he saw the Christmas-themed posters on the wall, which reminded him of ISIS  calls last month for militants and lone wolves to attack holiday markets.  He acknowledges he purposely set it off then and there,  a senior law enforcement official told the New York Post.The Bangladeshi immigrant added that he was specifically inspired by ISIS,  not Al-Qaeda .Authorities say that if the explosive had fully detonated in the busy Midtown Manhattan subway station, there would have been more injuries and doubtless loss of life.The attack came days after Ullah s Brooklyn neighbors say they heard a huge row coming from his home, reporting yelling and screaming over the past two nights.Ullah, who was allowed to stop and pray multiple times during his interrogation, was taken to Bellevue Hospital to be treated for serious burns and lacerations to his abdomen and hands but is expected to survive. At the hospital, the Brooklyn resident told investigators that he was inspired to carry out the attack by the recent flare ups between Israelis and Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.Monday s attack was the first terror attack on U.S. soil since that proclamation, but only one of many violent demonstrations across the world since the controversial move was announced last Wednesday. It was also the second time in two months that New York City was the target of a terrorist attack.President Trump said in a statement that  lax  immigration policies were to blame for the attack, and urged Congress to  enact legislative reforms to protect the American people .Authorities say Ullah took the A train subway to the Port Authority Bus Terminal stop Monday morning, and started walking east towards Times Square via an underground terminal when a pipe bomb hidden underneath his clothes prematurely exploded. Law enforcement officials don t believe the passageway was the intended target since the  low-tech  bomb   attached to Ullah with Velcro and zip ties   did not explode fully.The chemical explosive appears to have ignited but the pipe itself did not burst. Screws were found at the scene, indicating that they may have filled the pipe and were intended to be used as shrapnel.In the end, Ullah was the only one seriously injured by the explosive (three others reported to hospitals for ringing in the ears and headaches).  Daily Mail ",0
9223,FORMER CIA DIRECTOR Admits Guilt of Intel Agencies Out to Get Trump: “I don’t think I fully thought through the implications”,"Remember former CIA Director Mike Morell s lies about Benghazi? He totally covered for Hillary and the Obama administration after Benghazi:Could this be connected to the reason Morell is now coming clean about targeting Trump?WHY IS HE ADMITTING GUILT NOW?Former Acting CIA Director Michael Morell thinks that intelligence agencies were too harsh to Trump during the campaign and presidential transition, according to an interview released Monday.Morell, who left the CIA in 2013 after serving as its acting director twice, endorsed Hillary Clinton in an August 2016 New York Times op-ed.Politico s Susan Glassner asked Morell if getting involved was a mistake and the former CIA official said that it wasn t, but that  there were downsides to it that I didn t think about at the time. I was concerned about what is the impact it would have on the agency, right? Very concerned about that, thought that through. But I don t think I fully thought through the implications,  Morell said. So, let s put ourselves here in Donald Trump s shoes. So, what does he see? Right? He sees a former director of CIA and a former director of NSA, Mike Hayden, who I have the greatest respect for, criticizing him and his policies. Right? And he could rightfully have said,  Huh, what s going on with these intelligence guys?  Right? And then he sees a former acting director and deputy director of CIA criticizing him and endorsing his opponent,  Morell continued.  And then he gets his first intelligence briefing, after becoming the Republican nominee, and within 24 to 48 hours, there are leaks out of that that are critical of him and his then-national security advisor, Mike Flynn. Morell is referring to an NBC report that said Flynn was repeatedly interrupting briefers during the session. And so, this stuff starts to build, right? And he must have said to himself,  What is it with these intelligence guys? Are they political?  The current director at the time, John Brennan, during the campaign occasionally would push back on things that Donald Trump had said,  Morell told Politico.The former CIA acting director continued to reference leaked reports during the interview. Then he becomes president, and he s supposed to be getting a daily brief from the moment he becomes the president-elect. Right? And he doesn t. And within a few days, there s leaks about how he s not taking his briefing. So, he must have thought right? that,  Who are these guys? Are these guys out to get me? Is this a political organization? Can I think about them as a political organization when I become president? He concluded:  So, I think there was a significant downside to those of us who became political in that moment. So, if I could have thought of that, would I have ended up in a different place? I don t know. But it s something I didn t think about. ",0
9224,THE PLOT THICKENS: DEMOTED DOJ OFFICIAL’S WIFE Worked for Firm Responsible for anti-Trump Dossier During 2016 Election,"This is a big deal even though we re sure the main stream media will ignore it. The connection between a now demoted DOJ official and Fusion GPS just got closer. His wife worked for the opposition research firm responsible for THE ANTI-TRUMP DOSSIER! The plot thickens Fox News reports:A senior Justice Department official demoted last week for concealing his meetings with the men behind the anti-Trump  dossier  had even closer ties to Fusion GPS, the firm responsible for the incendiary document, than has been disclosed, Fox News has confirmed: The official s wife worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election.Contacted by Fox News, investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr, wife of the demoted official, Bruce G. Ohr, worked for the opposition research firm last year. The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr s duties   including whether she worked on the dossier   remains unclear but a review of her published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects. HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that she was paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016. Read more: Fox NewsJAMES ROSEN HAS THIS ON BRUCE OHR:KABOOOOOM !! Mueller Investigation CRUMBLES !!First Strzok and Paige then Weissmann, then Rhee and NOW Bruce Ohr BUSTED w/ both hands in the Fake Trump Dossier cookie jar !!#FireMueller #ShutItDown Investigating the Investigators pic.twitter.com/u9YgFa6421   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterVIP) December 7, 2017Read more: Daily Caller",0
9225,WATCH SARAH SANDERS Slam CNN’s Jim Acosta Over Lies By The Main Stream Media: “I’m not finished” [Video],"Sarah Huckabee Sanders was hot today when she went off on CNN s Jim Acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. Jim Acosta also would not be quiet so Sanders had to get loud and forceful:  I m not finished  Sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose There is a big difference.Go Sarah! There s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the American people something that happens regularly.    Sarah Huckabee SandersFox News Insider reports:White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders battled CNN reporter Jim Acosta, accusing the mainstream media of  purposefully  putting out false information.As he began a question, Acosta told Sanders at Monday s press briefing that journalists make  honest mistakes  and that doesn t mean it s  fake news. Sanders started to answer but Acosta and another reported interjected. I m sorry. I m not finished!  she countered. There s a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,  she shot back.Acosta asked for an example of a story that was  intentionally false  and meant to mislead Americans.Sanders called out the false report by ABC News  Brian Ross on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which earned Ross a four-week suspension.She called it  very telling  that Ross was suspended. Acosta kept pushing Sanders to let him ask his original question about allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump, but she refused.",0
9226,CNN DEMONSTRATION BACKFIRES: Is Trump Drinking 12 Diet Cokes A Day “Super Crazy Harmful”? [Video],"Does anyone REALLY care what our president drinks? CNN thinks they do. They thought it would be a great idea to bring on a doctor who would tell them how horrible it is for Trump to drink lots of Diet Coke. Well, they thought wrong This one backfires on Brooke Baldwin LOL!Near the close of Brooke Baldwin s CNN program Monday afternoon, she invited on a board-certified gastroenterologist to assess the effect on President Donald Trump s health of his massive Diet Coke intake.VISUAL AIDE:The discussion came with a visual aide of a dozen Diet Coke cans, representing the 12 Trump knocks back per day in the White House, according to a recent New York Times report.Dr. Samantha Nazareth noted the diet soda had less calories than regular soda, but drinking 12  essentially replaces what other liquids will provide to your body. You should be drinking water, not this,  she said.Baldwin wondered if drinking that many Diet Cokes could be  super crazy harmful  to the body, but Nazareth said not necessarily. Instead, it might encourage the drinker to engage in more sweets. You need to think of the body in its entirety. What are you drinking? What are you eating?  Nazareth asked.  How much are you sleeping? How much stress are you getting a day? This all affects the body. It s not just 12 cans. Trump called the New York Times story an example of fake news because of its report on his reported TV-watching habits, but he didn t push back on the detail about the Diet Cokes.Via: WFB",0
9227,JUST IN: Pro-ISIS Terrorist Who Intended to Blow Up NYC Bus Terminal During Rush Hour Came To U.S. Through CHAIN MIGRATION Program Democrats Are Fighting For,"In September, President Donald Trump tweeted a new condition for a potential deal with Democrats on immigration. Trump warned that he would not budge on allowing the failed  chain migration  program to continue in the United States. CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!  he wrote.CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017 Business Insider attempted to paint a softer picture of the harsh realities (like terrorism) that chain migration brings with the unpopular program to the United States.Chain migration is a term almost exclusively used by immigration hardliners when referring to the family-reunification-based component of the US immigration system, through which US citizens or lawful permanent residents may sponsor close family members to join them in the US.Prominent anti-immigration groups like the Federation for American Immigration Reform and NumbersUSA have frequently denounced chain migration, describing it as a process that admits  indefinite  numbers of unskilled immigrants based on family connections alone and that prompts foreigners to view US immigration as a  right or entitlement. Immigration proponents, however, describe family-based immigration as essential in helping new immigrants assimilate into US society. The American Immigration Council argues that newcomers who can bring family members with them when they immigrate to the US have stronger social and economic support that helps them  navigate the system. Trump s tweet about chain migration on Friday could signal a new bump in the road for any immigration deal with Democrats. The bipartisan Dream Act, recently reintroduced in Congress by Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, includes a pathway to citizenship for the so-called Dreamers, whose protections under the DACA program will be phased out over the next six months.FOX News reports  An attempted suicide bomber who set off a rush-hour explosion at the nation s busiest bus terminal is a Bangladeshi national living in Brooklyn who was inspired by ISIS, law enforcement officials said.The suspect in Monday morning s blast at Port Authority in midtown Manhattan was identified as Akayed Ullah, 27. Ullah strapped a pipe bomb to his body with Velcro and zip ties, and it detonated in a subway corridor, police said.From police sources: pic.twitter.com/xFNagGmoh6  Joe Borelli (@JoeBorelliNYC) December 11, 2017Ullah lived in Brooklyn after he entered the U.S. in 2011 from Bangladesh on a chain migration visa, Department of Homeland Security Press Secretary Tyler Houlton said in a statement.The DHS said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens.He was considered a  Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh,  Houlton told Fox News. ",0
9228,WHY ROY MOORE’S ELECTION WIN Is Critical For President Trump To Replace Leftist Federal and U.S. Supreme Court Activist Judges,"Tomorrow, Alabama residents (including thousands of felons who have been registered by Al Sharpton s alleged brother) will go to the polls to decide who they want to represent them in the US Senate. The Democrats have contributed over $10 million to their leftist, virtually unknown candidate, Doug Jones. So, why are they so eager to take this Senate seat?In June 2017, the Democrats spent an astounding $30 million in Georgia s 6th congressional district, to lose a House seat in a special election. They falsely believed that the only thing they needed for Democrat candidate John Ossoff to win the race, was enough Georgians who hated Donald Trump to come out and vote.Is history repeating itself in Alabama?Democrat Senate candidate Doug Jones raised nearly six times Moore s amount ahead of the Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jones headed into the final weeks of the race with roughly four times as much money in the bank than his GOP opponent.Jones raked in nearly $10.2 million compared to Jones  $1.8 million. Jones also spent roughly 5 times as much as Moore during that period, nearly $8.7 million compared to Moore s $1.7 million.Conservative Pat Buchanan asks,  Why would Christian conservatives in good conscience go to the polls Dec. 12 and vote for Judge Roy Moore, despite the charges of sexual misconduct with teenagers leveled against him? Answer: That Alabama Senate race could determine whether Roe v. Wade is overturned. The lives of millions of unborn may be the stakes.There is, however, so much more at stake than the single issue of abortion in this hotly contested Senate race. Democrats are not going to sit back and allow President Trump a pathway to remaking the radical leftist judicial system they ve worked so hard to put in place. Today, the GOP, holding Congress and the White House, has a narrow path to capture the Third Branch, the Supreme Court, and to dominate the federal courts for a decade. For this historic opportunity, the party can thank two senators, one retired, the other still sitting.The first is former Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada.In 2013, Harry exercised the  nuclear option,  abolishing the filibuster for President Obama s judicial nominees. The Senate no longer needed 60 votes to confirm judges. Fifty-one Senate votes could cut off debate, and confirm.Iowa s Chuck Grassley warned Harry against stripping the minority of its filibuster power. Such a move may come back to bite you, he told Harry. Grassley is now judiciary committee chairman.And this year a GOP Senate voted to use the nuclear option to shut down a filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, who was then confirmed with 55 votes.Yet the Democratic minority still had one card to play to block President Trump s nominees   the  blue slip courtesy. If a senator from the state where a federal judicial nominee resides asks for a hold on proceedings, by not returning a blue slip, the judiciary committee has traditionally honored that request and not held hearings.Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota used the blue slip to block the Trump nomination of David Stras of Minnesota to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Franken calls Stras too ideological, too conservative.But Grassley has now decided to reject the blue slip courtesy for appellate court judges, since their jurisdiction is not just over a single state like Minnesota, but over an entire region.Not only are the federal court vacancies almost unprecedented, a GOP Senate and Trump are working in harness to fill them before January 2019, when a new Congress is sworn in.If Republicans blow this opportunity, it is unlikely to come again. For the Supreme Court has seemed within Republican grasp before, only to have it slip away because of presidential errors.Both Trump, by whom he nominates, and a Republican Senate, with its power to confirm with 51 votes, are indispensable if we are to end judicial dictatorship in America.   Pat Buchanan, Yellow Hammer News ",0
9229,LOL! RATINGS CRASHER Megyn Kelly Is DESTROYED On Social Media For Using Her NBC Show To Give Liberal Trump Sexual Assault Accusers A Platform,"Last week, President Trump totally humiliated ABC News on Twitter, as he pointed out their embarrassing attempt at  gotcha journalism  when Brian Ross erroneously reported in a  BREAKING NEWS  story, that Michael Flynn was told by Donald Trump to talk to the Russian Ambassador during his campaign. Brian Ross was suspended for a month. President Trump suggested should be fired for his #fakenews reporting.Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017This week, it was NBC s  Never-Trump  Megyn Kelly s chance to exact revenge on President Trump, who after attacking him during his first debate, lost her conservative Fox News fanbase and basically saw her promising career come to a screeching halt. NBC picked up Kelly in a $23 million per year contract in a gamble that liberals would warm up to the formerly conservative host. NBC has since found out that conservatives no longer want anything to do with Kelly, and liberals despise her for her past performances as a top-rated host on conservative-leaning FOX News.Twitter users were on fire after Megyn Kelly did her part to help tear down President Trump (again):Megyn Kelly,You and your employer need to smear Trump but there's nothing left to accuse him of so you're going to re-interview Trump accusers who've already been proven pos liars?How desperate you must be.  Philip Schuyler (@FiveRights) December 11, 2017Today, Megyn Kelly traipsed out  a trio of Donald Trump accusers on her failing show. Rest assured, there will be many more liberal accusers who come out against Donald Trump, as racism appears to have lost its glow, as a means to draw voters into the Democrat Party, as Americans have become tired of watching Democrats constantly drawing from the bottom of the deck, as a way to cloud Trump s  Make America Great Again  agenda of a pro-growth economy, jobs, education, lower taxes, and America first.Megyn Kelly, who is desperate for ratings, must have been incredibly disappointed when breaking news of a botched suicide bomber attack in New York City was reported at the same time her Democrat Donald Trump accuser was telling her story on her show.Daily Mail A trio of the president s accusers reemerged on Monday to hound him for sexually harassing them.Samantha Holvey, Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks had previously made allegations against Trump and appeared on Megyn Kelly  Today  to demand justice as the White House resumed its claim that the issue had been litigated in last year s election. All of a sudden, he s all over, me, kissing and groping and groping and kissing,  said Leeds, a self-proclaimed Democrat, who says she revealed her story because  I wanted people to know what kind of a person that Trump really is what a pervert he is. This is the same Jessica Leeds that accused Trump of sexual harassment.Think Megyn Kelly will bring this picture up?Think she ll bring up the time that Jessica Leeds was in a two year property law suit with Trump? pic.twitter.com/AvdEyYu8Ew  WhiteNitemare (@Carl_Anthony215) December 11, 2017Leeds claims that Trump assaulted on a plane in the  70s and called her a  c***  when he ran into her some time later at a party in New York while he was still married to his first wife Ivana.Megyn Kelly asked former Trump accuser Jessica Leeds what she wants other women to know about sexual harassment. Leeds replied,  We have a problem in that we have been enculturated all of this time for all of this time, for years and years and years, to be compliant.  Leeds went on to say,  For the woman who voted for Trump, they just didn t want to vote for a woman   It became reasonably difficult to believe a single work Leeds had to say when she used the word enculturated  when referring to her alleged meeting with Donald Trump. It became impossible to believe a word she said when Leeds followed up her comment by exposing her bitter feelings towards women for not voting for Hillary.  The only thing missing from Leeds during her appearance on the Megyn Kelly show was her pussy hat and an  I m a committed Democrat Feminist  tattoo on her forehead. Watch:WATCH: ""If there are other women out there, what do you want them to know?""   Megyn asks Trump accusers Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey & Rachel Cooks on #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/YPt1CxieUA  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Watch Crooks tell Megyn her alleged story here: Is it true he [Trump] asked for your phone number?   @megynkelly  Yeah I remember saying,  What do you need that for?   Trump accuser Rachel Crooks on @MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/OCX1ZpnV2J  TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 11, 2017Watch the obvious excitment of Megyn Kelly to be able to pretend as though she s relevant with a breaking news announcemnt with the official White House response to the allegations:WATCH: Statement the @WhiteHouse just provided to #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/0hahP6goW1  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Daily Mail  The two other women said that Trump s conduct while he was a businessman left them  shocked  and  devastated  and feeling  very gross  and  very dirty. I was so uncomfortable, and a little, yeah, threatened, like I didn t have a choice,  Crooks on Monday said.Kelly s program was preempted in New York as an explosion went off in Manhattan. Her show aired in other parts of the country, however, including Washington.Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant, said that Trump came backstage in 2006 and reviewed the women while they were indecent.She recalled thinking at the time that it would be a meet and great with Trump. But it wasn t.The former Miss North Carolina says Trump was  just looking me over like I was just a piece of meat. I was not a human being. I did not have a brain I did not have a personality. I was just simply there for his pleasure. It left me feeling very gross, very dirty, like this is not what I signed up for. Here s how Twitter responded to Megyn s show: You know the Russia narrative is over when Megyn Kelly is having Trump accusers on her show.It will be never ending the next 3-7 years.The media is becoming the little boy that cried wolf.If they ever did find REAL dirt on Trump, no-one will believe them.  Josh (@JoshNoneYaBiz) December 11, 2017Megyn Kelly is interviewing the lying 3 blind mice Trump accusers to save her failing show. Hope it s the final blow revealing to all that it s all about Megyn, for Megyn & nothing but Megyn s self serving ass who owes Trump gratitude for her relevancy.  Tiff  (@LATiffani1) December 11, 2017 ",0
9230,THE LIST of 34 House Republicans DEMANDING Permanent AMNESTY For Obama’s DACA “Kids”,"Who wants to deport  Dreamers ? Not many people, it turns out. Even veteran immigration restrictionists seem willing to legalize this subset of immigrants in the country illegally if it is part of a package deal. That s true even though a lot of what s said about the DACA recipients is PR-style hooey.For example, it s often said   indeed, former President Barack Obama just recently said   that the approximately 800,000 of them were  brought to this country by their parents.  Well, many were. But that s not required to qualify as a protected Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program recipient under the various plans, including Obama s. You just have to have entered the country illegally before age 16. You could have decided to sneak in against your parents  wishes. You re still a  Dreamer! Likewise, we re told DACA recipients are college-bound high school grads or military personnel. That s an exaggeration. All that s actually required is that the person enroll in a high school course or an  alternative,  including online courses and English-as-a-second-language classes. Under Obama s now-suspended program, you didn t even have to stay enrolled.Compared with the general population, DACA recipients are not especially highly skilled. A recent survey for several pro- Dreamer  groups, with participants recruited by those groups, found that while most DACA recipients are not in school, the vast majority work. But their median hourly wage is only $15.34, meaning that many are competing with hard-pressed lower-skilled Americans.The DACA recipients you read about have typically been carefully selected for their appeal. They re valedictorians. They re first responders. They re curing diseases. They root for the Yankees. They want to serve in the Army. If DACA recipients are the poster children for the much larger population of immigrants in the country illegally, these are the poster children for the poster children.  Chicago Tribune34 Republicans in Congress are not about to let the pesky facts about Obama s  Dreamers  get in the way of lobbying Speaker Ryan to grant them permanent citizenship.Numbers USA reports  Thirty-four Republicans in the House of Representatives signed a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan calling for passage of a permanent DACA amnesty before the end of the year. Reps. Scott Taylor (R-Va.) and Dan Newhouse (R-Wash.) led the effort.While the lawmakers stop short of demanding passage of a DACA amnesty before the end of the year or including an amnesty in this month s must-pass spending bill, they don t insist on any other immigration-related provisions that would stop future flows of illegal immigration by calling for mandatory E-Verify or to reduce the numerical impact of the amnesty by calling for an end to Chain Migration.The letter reads:Dear Speaker Ryan,We write in support of passing of a permanent legislative solution for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients before the end of the year. DACA recipients   young people brought to America through no fault of their own   are contributing members of our communities and our economy. For many, this is the only country they have ever known. They are American in every way except their immigration status.Since DACA s inception, the federal government has approved approximately 795,000 initial DACA applications and 924,000 renewals. Since being approved for DACA status, an overwhelming majority of these individuals have enrolled in school, found employment, or have served in the military. Studies have shown that passing legislation to permanently protect these individuals would add hundreds of billions to our country s gross domestic product (GDP). That is why the business community, universities, and civic leaders alike support a permanent legislative solution.We agree with President Trump that executive action was not the appropriate process for solving this issue, as was done under the previous administration, and we believe Congress should act. We are compelled to act immediately because many DACA recipients are about to lose or have already lost their permits in the wake of the program s rescission. Not acting is creating understandable uncertainty and anxiety amongst immigrant communities.While we firmly believe Congress must work to address other issues within our broken immigration system, it is imperative that Republicans and Democrats come together to solve this problem now and not wait until next year. We all agree that our border must be enforced, our national security defended, and our broken immigration system reformed, but in this moment, we must address the urgent matter before us in a balanced approach that does not harm valuable sectors of our economy nor the lives of these hard-working young people. We must pass legislation that protects DACA recipients from deportation and gives them the opportunity to apply for a more secured status in our country as soon as possible. Reaching across the aisle to protect DACA recipients before the holidays is the right thing to do.Here s the list of 34 Republicans who need to be drained from the swamp:Rep. Scott Taylor (VA-2) Rep. Dan Newhouse (WA-4) Rep. Mia Love (UT-4) Rep. Mark Amodei (NV-2) Rep. David Valadao (CA-21) Rep. Dave Reichert (WA-8) Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (PA-8) Rep. Mike Coffman (CO-6) Rep. Charles Dent (PA-15) Rep. Frank LoBiando (NJ-2) Rep. Peter King (NY-2) Rep. Carlos Curbelo (FL-26) Rep. Illeana Ros-Lehtinen (FL-27) Rep. Ryan Costello (PA-6) Rep. Fred Upton (MI-6) Rep. Jeff Denham (CA-10) Rep. Rodney Davis (IL-13) Rep. John Faso (NY-19) Rep. John Katko (NY-24) Rep. Chris Stewart (UT-2) Rep. Susan Brooks (IN-5) Rep. Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) Rep. Glenn T. Thompson (PA-5) Rep. Mike Simpson (ID-2) Rep. Mimi Walters (CA-45) Rep. Leonard Lance (NJ-7) Rep. Pat Meehan (PA-7) Rep. Elise Stefanik (NY-21) Rep. Tom McArthur (NJ-3) Rep. Chris Smith (NJ-4) Rep. Jenniffer Gonzales-Colon (PR) Rep. Joe Barton (TX-6) Rep. Will Hurd (TX-23) Rep. Bruce Poloquin (ME-2)Numbers USA does an amazing job of exposing the truth about illegal immigration and what it really costs the American taxpayer. Nearly all funding for NumbersUSA Action comes from individuals giving $10, $25 and $100 donations over the internet.  If you can afford to make even a small donation, it will help them to continue to help Americans change immigration policies. You can donate to Numbers USA HERE.",0
9231,Maxine Waters Makes Teens Chant ‘Impeach 45′ at ‘Teen Vogue Summit’: ‘Let’s talk about it in church’ [Video],"Shame on Teen Vogue! Maxine Waters was a guest of Teen Vogue and was interviewed about why she s calling on young teens to resist our president. This sick behavior by a grown woman smells like sedition. Just read the answer to the question below:Teen Vote asked: What advice would you give to burgeoning young activists who want to help the #resist movement and create effective political change? What can citizens do you help you as a congresswoman achieve change?MW: There are several things that can be done. I love that they dominate social media, and the way that they can communicate with people [by sharing] what I m doing and retweet what I m doing. Every time they bring another person in to listen and to read about what is going on, we gain another supporter, who not only can continue to speak up and convince other people that we have to bring down this president, but now I know they will become voters and that they re going to vote because they have investments in this political process. WE HAVE TO BRING DOWN THIS PRESIDENT Congresswoman Maxine Waters is desperate to  Impeach 45,  and she s pleading with teenagers to follow her example and push her political agenda in church, and everywhere else.Waters led a chant of  Impeach 45    her rally cry to unseat President Trump   at The Teen Vogue Summit in Los Angeles last weekend, before urging the mostly teenage female crowd to take on her cause and repeat her mantra everywhere they go. Impeach 45! That s right,  Waters said.  Let s sing that song all over this country wherever we are. Let s talk about it in the workplace, let s talk about it in our churches, let s talk about it with organized labor, let s get people coming to the forefront. Waters, 79, apparently believes that a mob of young girls, many not old enough to vote, chanting  Impeach 45!  will convince Republican lawmakers to reverse course on a plan to lower taxes for Americans, and to remove a president from their own party.So far, Waters  calls for her colleagues in Congress to impeach Trump have fallen on deaf ears. Lawmakers voted 364-58 against a resolution to consider the move this week, Fox News reports.Read more: American Mirror",0
9232,PORTRAIT OF HILLARY Sets Off Security Dogs…Briefly Shuts Down Art Tent,"A portrait of  Punk Hillary  set off two security dogs at an Art Miami tent we think they know a criminal when they see one. The truth is that the police still don t have an answer of on this mystery. We just want to know who would pay $4,000 for such a horrendous portrait of  Crooked Hillary .Via Tampa Bay Times:When two security dogs reacted to a suspicious crate before an Art Miami tent opening early Saturday morning, Miami police officers briefly shut down the area for a few hours to investigate the possible threat.But when they opened up the offending crate, officers found something else instead: a punky portrait of Hillary Clinton in a studded jacket and shaggy pink haircut, in a neon picture frame to match.Fair director Nick Korniloff said that the two dogs reacted to the crate during a pre-show check shortly after 8 a.m., prompting organizers to clear the site. Both the Art Miami tent and a tent for Context, connected by a tunnel, were closed off. The package was then searched and the painting of the former Democratic presidential candidate was found inside.Police officers ran the 16 inch by 20 inch acrylic-on-wood artwork through an X-ray machine, which turned up no suspicious material. We had to err on the side of caution,  Korniloff said. Both tents eventually reopened around 10 a.m.After the delay Saturday morning, both paintings were hung side-by-side in the Context tent, in a booth for a gallery called Spoke Art based in both New York and San Francisco.Gallery owner Ken Hashimoto said police still were unsure Saturday morning what about the art had caused the dogs to react.WE THINK THEY KNOW A CRIMINAL WHEN THEY SEE ONE READ MORE: TAMPA BAY",0
9233,WATCH: SEAN HANNITY Offers To Step In After He Sees Heartbreaking Viral Video Of Young Boy Crying Over Being Bullied For His Appearance,"What a brave boy and what a sad world we live in where adults would allow such a beautiful child to be repeatedly tortured by classmates, without stepping in and preventing it from happening. At the very least, our children should know that they are safe in the classroom, on the playground, and in the cafeteria, where they attend school.  Students who are being bullied in school should know that they will be protected by teachers and staff who should be paying attention to the children who need them most.  Where was the lunch staff when this young boy was being humiliated and bullied by classmates? Fat. Gay. Or just different from the crowd. These are the reasons children are being bullied   sometimes to death   in America s schools, with at least 14 students committing suicide in the past year alone. ABCKnox News  The anti-bullying video of a Union County middle schooler went viral over the weekend, garnering the attention of the Tennessee Titans and the University of Tennessee Vols football teams.Kimberly Jones posted the video of her son, Keaton, on her Facebook page Friday shortly after 12:30 p.m. She said she had just picked Keaton up from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch as a result of bullying. For the record, Keaton asked to do this AFTER he had me pick him up AGAIN because he was afraid to go to lunch,  Jones wrote in her Facebook post. My kids are by no stretch perfect, and at home, he s as all boy as they come, but by all accounts, he s good at school. Talk to your kids. I ve even had friends of mine tell me (their) kids were only nice to him to get him to mess with people. We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few know how it really feels not to belong anywhere,  she wrote.In the video, Keaton, crying in the passenger seat, describes having milk poured on him and ham put down his clothes. Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What s the point of it?  Keaton began.  Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to  em? It s not okay. Keaton said kids at school make fun of his nose, call him ugly and tell him he has no friends.Watch:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));This is a friend of mine Kimberly Jones son KRJ. He is such an amazing little boy and has a very big heart and loves Posted by Angie Monroe on Saturday, December 9, 2017Jones, in another social media post on Oct. 18, described one such incident. At a birthday party, she wrote, another boy said he knew Keaton by his scars, one that  goes all the way across his face. Jones wrote that her son was born with a tumor. It s not OK!  Keaton cried in his video.  People that are different don t need to be criticized about it. It s not their fault. But if you are made fun of, don t let it bother you. They suck I guess. Hard. But it will probably get better one day. Within hours, the post had thousands of views. By Saturday night it had been viewed more than 11 million times and shared by nearly 250,000 people.Sean Hannity saw the viral video on Twitter and asked for the name of the principal and the school where the repetitive bullying of Keaton Jones was taking place, so he could personally call and  fix this . Hannity also asked for anyone who knew the parents to help him contact them, so he could have them on his show, so they could share their story with others. If someone can get to me the name of the school, the principal, school board members i will gladly make the calls myself and fix this. Also if anyone knows Keaton and his parents, i will gladly fly them to NYC to be my guest & visit Fox News. https://t.co/uFyp2r2Yn7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) December 10, 2017 ",0
9234,TRUMP CALLS OUT Washington Post #FakeNews Reporter For Posting Fake Pictures Of Rally Hours Before It Started…Posts Actual Pictures Of Packed Stadium,"Washington Post reporter took to Twitter to post an image of the venue where Trump was to appear in several hours. The only problem is, the Washington Post reporter didn t say the image was taken several hours before President Trump appeared on stage.Here is Dave Weigel s #FakeNews post, that he has since deleted:As someone who attended Trump s final campaign rally, the night before the election in Grand Rapids, MI, I can attest to the incredible amount of security Trump supporters must go through before entering the venue. Trump supporters were lined up for miles to get into the event we attended, and after several hours, many of his supporters were seen trickling in, hours after the event started, after waiting to get through security..@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Here are a few of the pictures Trump posted in his tweet above to show the actual size of the crowd: After the Washington Post reporter was outed by President Trump, for lying on Twitter about the size of Trump s crowd at his rally, he apologized:Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner. https://t.co/fQY7GMNSaD  Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) December 9, 2017President Trump responded to Dave Weigel s apology on Twitter. Trump called for his firing for pushing #FakeNews on Twitter..@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Many of Trump s supporters came to his defense on Twitter as well, posting images of a packed stadium for everyone to see:Here s what the line outside of the Trump rally actually looked like:HAPPENING NOW!Trump Rally Pensacola!pic.twitter.com/549Oq74upD  TRUMP News 24/7 (@MichaelDelauzon) December 8, 2017Here are several shots of the Pensacola venue from inside:STADIUM PACKED at Trump Rally in Pensacola, Fl!We aren't going ANYWHERE! We are just getting started  .again! Make America Great Again  #ThingsITrustMorethanCNN #ResistanceIsImportant #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/61RcSUG2dO  Kambree Kawahine Koa (@KamVTV) December 9, 2017For those saying Pensacola Bay Center was empty tonight for Trump Rally pic.twitter.com/zZqVYK8xIf  Bard Law (@TwoLameDucks) December 9, 2017Crowds gather for Trump Rally in Pensacola today!! pic.twitter.com/eRJy92nz6m  ssd (@Pismo_B) December 8, 2017A video view from inside the Pensacola Trump rally tonight, as the president talked about illegal immigration pic.twitter.com/VoPbEBqijE  David Martosko (@dmartosko) December 9, 2017",0
9235,"OUCH! President Trump Takes Off The Gloves…BLASTS Democrats For Using AMNESTY For Illegals As Bargaining Chip For Funding Government: “‘Help me, Dad!’ Those were the last words spoken by Kate Steinle, as she lay dying on a San Francisco Pier” [VIDEO]","When candidate-Trump promised he would put America first, he wasn t kidding. President Trump posted a powerful video on Twitter tonight, blasting Democrats for putting their desire to give illegal aliens amnesty before the safety and security of American citizens, as they demand amnesty as a condition for funding the government.Here is the transcript of President Trump s powerful speech that he posted on Twitter only minutes ago: Help me, Dad!  Those were the last words spoken by Kate Steinle, as she lay dying on a San Francisco Pier. A precious young American woman, killed in the prime of her life. Kate s death is a tragedy that was entirely preventable. She was shot by an illegal alien, and a 7-time convicted felon, who had been deported 5 times, but he was free to harm an innocent American, because our leaders refuse to protect our border, and because San Francisco is a sanctuary city.In sanctuary states and cities, innocent Americans are at the mercy of criminal aliens because state and local officials defy federal authority and obstruct the enforcement of our immigration laws. Last week, in a final injustice, Kate s killer was acquitted of all of most serious charges, yet one more reason why Americans are so upset by sanctuary cities and open-border politicians who shield criminal aliens from federal law enforcement and all of the problems involved with the whole concept of a sanctuary city. They re no good!We mourn for all of the American families of all backgrounds, who will have any empty seat at Christmas this year because our immigration laws were not enforced. No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be sanctuaries for Americans, not for criminal illegals.  Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress not only oppose our efforts to stop illegal immigration, and crack down on sanctuary cities,  now they are demanding amnesty as a condition for funding the government, holding troop funding hostage, and putting our national security at risk. We cannot allow it. Every Senator and Congressman will have to make a choice, do they want to protect American citizens, or do they want to protect criminal aliens? Reasonable people can disagree on many things, but there can be no disagreement that the first duty of government is to serve, protect and defend American citizens. People can have different views on the technical details of budget policy or transportation, but no one who serves in office should disagree that our highest priority must be the safety and well-being of our nation s citizens. Thank you. Watch:No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans   not for criminal aliens! pic.twitter.com/CvtkCG1pln  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2017",0
9236,JAMES WOODS Has Social Media In Tears After Tweeting HILARIOUS Videos Of Two of The Most Ignorant Liberals In America [VIDEOS],"Conservative Hollywood actor, James Woods, is known for his brilliant wit and his great sense of humor on Twitter, but today he really outdid himself when he posted two hilarious videos on Twitter, proving, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that liberalism really is truly a mental disorder. His first video was a retweet of Democrat Rep. Hank Johnson, who, in 2010 actually questioned Admiral Robert Willard, commander of the U.S. Pacific Command, about a proposal to move 8,000 Marines from the Japanese island of Okinawa to the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam. Johnson expressed his concern over moving too many US troops to the very small island of Guam because too many people on the island may cause it to  tip over and capsize .Here is the transcript of the unbelievable exchange between Democrat Rep. Hank Johnson and Admiral Rober Willard:Johnson: This is a[n] island that at its widest level is what   twelve miles from shore to shore? And at its smallest level   uh, smallest location   it s seven miles between one shore and the other? Is that correct?Willard: I don t have the exact dimensions, but to your point, sir, I think Guam is a small island.Johnson: Very small island, about twenty-four miles, if I recall, long, twenty-four miles long, about seven miles wide at the least widest place on the island and about twelve miles wide on the widest part of the island, and I don t know how many square miles that is. Do you happen to know?Willard: I don t have that figure with me, sir, I can certainly supply it to you if you like.Johnson: Yeah, my fear is that the whole island will become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize.Willard: We don t anticipate that   the Guam population I think currently about 175,000 and again with 8,000 Marines and their families, it s an addition of about 25,000 more into the population.How the Admiral was able to keep a straight face during this question and answer session is beyond our comprehension. Here is what Woods  had to say about the tweet from  Based Monitored : My favorite #LiberalTribute video ever My favorite #LiberalTribute video ever  https://t.co/afHPsh9flM  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 10, 2017Here is the video originally tweeted by  Based Monitored :Rep. Hank Johnson just called the FBI Director his  homeboy    ridiculous.But it gives me an excuse to show everyone how dumb he truly is. Here s a video of him thinking that the island of Guam will  tip over and capsize . pic.twitter.com/bk7lEB60yz  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) December 7, 2017Next up on Woods  liberal hit list was Chelsea Handler. Recently, during an interview, the not-funny  comedian  and unhinged liberal Chelsea Handler, called Sarah Huckabee Sanders a  harlot  with  summer-whore lipstick  and a  trollop. James Woods didn t waste any time reminding Twitter users about the disgusting video of Chelsea Handler, where she s swimming in the water while actor and comedian Jason Biggs is standing above her on a boat, peeing all over her face. Handler seems unfazed by Biggs peeing on her face, as she looks around smiling, and acting like a human urinal.Woods tweeted about Handler: This person berates the character of @SarahHuckabee on a daily basis. #ChelseaHandlerHumanUrinalThis person berates the character of @SarahHuckabee on a daily basis. #ChelseaHandlerHumanUrinal https://t.co/Y07Q0Rmcw6  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 9, 2017Only 3 days ago, Handler doubled down on stupid, when she tweeted about having to  evacuate  her California home due to the wildfires. Handler, who claims she was fleeing from her home, took time from her daring escape, to tweet about her unfortunate circumstance, and to blame President Trump for  setting the world on fire , because well, why not?Just evacuated my house. It s like Donald Trump is setting the world on fire. Literally and figuratively. Stay safe everyone. Dark times.  Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) December 6, 2017",0
9237,GERMANY: Afghan “Teen” Refugee Who RAPED and KILLED Female Med Student and Refugee Volunteer Is Actually 33-Years Old…And There’s MORE!,"On September 5, 2017, the Daily Mail reported:Afghan asylum seeker accused of raping and murdering EU official s teenage daughter  attacked her to satisfy his sexual urges before leaving her unconscious in a river to drown Hussein Khavari, 22, who claims to be from Afghanistan has been accused of ambushing Maria Ladenburger, 19, as she cycled home after a party, raping her and then drowning her in Freiburg, Germany last October.He was linked through his DNA to medical student Maria, who volunteered at various shelters that house migrants in her spare time in Freiburg.Hussein claimed to be Afghani but the court heard that there is evidence he is Iraqi. And his claim to be 17 at the time of the offense was disputed by a specialist saying he was at least 22. According to Bild newspaper, during a morning session of hearings in which press and public were excluded, he claimed to be 19.He said he claimed to be 16 upon his arrival in Germany in 2015  because the situation is better here for underage migrants.  The court must decide if he is to be tried as a juvenile or an adult.A murder conviction as a juvenile would mean a maximum ten-year jail term, as an adult a possible life sentence.As it turns out, the fake  teenager  who admitted to raping and murdering the actual teenager, is pretty far removed from his teenage years. According to the Voice of Europe,  the Afghan refugee, who is now on trial for the rape and murder of the medical student Maria Ladenburger in October 2016, is older than previously thought.Hussein Khavari entered Germany in November 2015 without identity papers. He told authorities that he was born in 1999 in Afghanistan and that his father was killed during the war.But it now appears that his father is still alive. According to German media source, Bil.de, his father said his son was born in 1984 and that he is 33-years-old.The Local Germany says about it:  Prosecutors were able to track down Hussein K. s father when they came across a contact on his mobile phone. The defendant told them that they could contact his mother on the number. But when an interpreter called the number in the presence of two judges, the person who picked up was his father .Maria Ladenburger s father is a senior legal adviser to the European Commission in Brussels. Maria herself was volunteering as a refugee worker in various shelters and asylum homes. ",0
9238,“NEVER-TRUMP” BUSTED! Former Jeb Bush Staffer ADMITS To Planting Roy Moore Story In Washington Post,"Just another member of the swamp who s about to be sucked down the drain In 2015, leftist rag Politico called it a  Big hire  when Jeb Bush landed Tim Miller as his top communications aide.Jeb Bush plans to name Tim Miller, executive director of America Rising PAC, as his top communications aide, Republican sources told POLITICO on Friday.Miller initially will be a senior adviser to Bush s Right to Rise PAC, and is expected to become communications director if Bush launches his campaign. Kristy Campbell, who has been the PAC s chief spokesperson, likely will be national press secretary of the campaign, or have some senior communications adviser role.Now, thanks to Big League Politics, every member of the GOP can see the type of traitors to the Republican Party Jeb Bush hired to work on his campaign.A Friday Big League Politics report claims Tim Miller, a Republican operative prominent in the  Never Trump  movement, helped pitch the Washington Post story in which the first allegations of sexual misconduct nearly 40 years ago were made against Alabama GOP senatorial nominee Roy Moore.The report contains screenshots of what are alleged to be text messages between Miller and conservative publisher Charles C. Johnson of GotNews.com. The texts show Miller insulting Judge Moore s fitness for office and bragging about how  Beth  is  good to work with.  He is implied to be referring to Beth Reinhard, one of the two authors of the original Washington Post story.Reinhard, before joining the Washington Post, worked at the Wall Street Journal during the 2016 GOP presidential primaries as the embedded reporter covering the Bush campaign. She, therefore, likely had regular interaction with Miller since at least 2015.Miller, who served as Jeb Bush s communications director in the 2016 GOP presidential primaries, categorically denies any involvement in the Washington Post story. He told Breitbart News:I had no involvement in pitching the Washington Post story or any others where women spoke out about Judge Moore. Moore allies have tried to pitch this to 10+ outlets, conservative and mainstream, who have all rejected the story after examining the facts because there is no truth to it.Big League Politics Editor-in-Chief Patrick Howley makes his case as follows:These text messages reveal a few things: the Republican Establishment s relationship with the Post s anti-Moore coverage, the cunning of writer Charles Johnson in trapping Miller, and former Bush staffer Miller s cluelessness about how to conduct himself in the world of political subterfuge. Miller denied to BLP that he was involved in the Washington Post story  or any others where women spoke out about Judge Moore,  but the text messages below leave no doubt as to his involvement [sic][.]During and after the 2016 primaries, Miller was one of the leading voices against eventual GOP nominee Donald Trump. He played a role in the decidedly unsuccessful attempt by Never Trumpers to disregard the will of Republican voters and deny Trump the nomination through the use of convention rules.Miller remains an outspoken critic of Trump and consistently opposes Republicans of the pro-Trump or populist-nationalist bent. He has frequently appeared on cable news programs as an anti-trump Republican voice and now is one of far-left Salon.com s 25 favorite  conservatives. Miller has aggressively campaigned for Judge Moore s liberal Democratic opponent Doug Jones. on Twitter, announcing last month that he had donated money to Jones:I just donated to a Democrat for the first time in my life if any of yall want to do so as well. Enough is enough. https://t.co/YlDXTXSnyJ  Tim Miller (@Timodc) November 21, 2017 ",0
9239,OOPS! Lindsey Vonn Gets Hit With Big Dose Of Karma After Trash-Talking President Trump On CNN,"Only 3 days ago, Lindsey Vonn told CNN that she wouldn t be representing President Trump in the 2018 Olympics. She also boldly proclaimed that she wouldn t visit the White House if she were invited. I take the Olympics very seriously and what they mean and what they represent, what walking under our flag means in the opening ceremonies. I want to represent our country well, and I don t think there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that. Is it really appropriate for an Olympic athlete representing the United States of America to make her performance in the Olympics about her hate for Donald Trump?Was it really necessary for Vonn to spew her hate on a network that is not only being called into question for their inaccurate (fake news) reporting on a regular basis but is also known for their extremely unfair coverage of our President?Well, after her miserable showing in Switzerland yesterday,  it looks like Lindsey needs to focus a little more on her skiing technique, and a little less on her anti- Trump rhetoric.According to the AP  Lindsey Vonn finished a World Cup super-G in extreme pain Saturday and was treated by race doctors for a back injury.The American star crossed the finish line in obvious distress, in 24th place and 1.56 seconds behind the winner, and slumped to the snow.She compressed her back on the fifth gate, according to U.S. Ski & Snowboard.Vonn stayed in the finish house to be treated, and one hour later limped slowly into a waiting car to be driven from the St. Moritz course.Minutes earlier, her father Alan Kildow told The Associated Press his daughter was  OK. In a race interrupted several times by gusting crosswinds, Vonn wore the No. 4 bib and was left standing at the start gate during the first delay of about three minutes. She stayed warm with a thick jacket draped on her shoulders.The surprise winner was Jasmine Flury of Switzerland, who had a career-best World Cup finish of fifth before Saturday.Perhaps the outspoken Lindsey Vonn will get her wish and not have to represent the President or decline his invitation to the White House ",0
9240,"BREAKING NEWS: Woman Who Narrated BRUTAL TORTURE, Scalping of Mentally Disabled Young Man On Live Facebook Video Gets DISTURBING Sentence","When four Chicago thugs videotaped the brutal tortured a young mentally disabled man they kidnapped in a live Facebook video, Americans were stunned. Almost immediately after the discovery was made, the spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department called it a  stupid mistake .The superintendent of the building where the torture took place, shrugged off the horrific event by simply saying,  Kids make stupid mistakes. It looks like not much has changed in the attitudes of Chicago officials tasked with holding criminals accountable, especially in the case of four repulsive young thugs, who scalped the young 18-year old man, made him drink from a toilet, forced him to yell,  F*ck Trump  and  F*ck white people , and repeatedly hit him while his hands were tied and his mouth was covered with duct tape.The video is hard to watch but is an honest look at the anti-Trump and racist monsters who ve been given a pass by our media. Go HERE to watch the disturbing video. (***Warning***the video is very graphic).It was just announced that in a plea deal, Brittany Covington, 19, the narrator of the video, who had been held at the Cook County Jail without bond since January, will be the first of the four to be released. In a shocking case of injustice, the plea deal states that Covington will remain on probation for four years and is barred from contact with 2 of the other 3 co-criminals, Cooper and Hill, the Chicago Sun-Times is reporting.Other terms of the plea agreement bars Covington from using social media for four years, the Cook County State s Attorney s Office tells CBS 2.Brittany Covington narrated Facebook Live video of the others tormenting an 18-year-old white man in the apartment she shared with her sister.The victim, a Crystal Lake man who had been classmates with Hill at a west suburban alternative high school, appears terror-stricken as he was taunted with racially-tinged insults   including calling him a supporter of then-President-elect Donald Trump. Hill and Cooper allegedly cut his clothing with a knife, punched and kicked him. In another video, the man was forced to drink water from a toilet bowl.In one of the videos the defendants allegedly posted on Facebook, a man threatened the victim with a knife. Someone told the victim,  kiss the floor, b -!  and  nobody can help you anymore.  At one point, someone told the victim,  say  I love black people.   When a woman who lived in the building complained about the the noise and threatened to call the police, the sisters kicked in the woman s door in anger and took some of her property, police said. While the others had run to the other apartment, the victim managed to escape, and police found him, wearing shorts and his torn clothing in the January weather, a block away. Streamwood police officials say the victim s parents had made a missing-persons report after their son didn t return home.During the Streamwood police investigation, the victim s parents started  receiving text messages from persons claiming to be holding him captive,  officials said.Plea negotiations are ongoing with her three co-defendants, all of whom also have been in custody.  CBS2 ",0
9241,IT’S WORSE THAN THEY THOUGHT: Doctors Discover US Embassy Victims In Cuba Have BRAIN ABNORMALITIES…”Never Before Seen Illness”,"In a last-minute attempt to create a legacy for himself, Obama traveled to Cuba to hang out with Raul Castro and prove to Americans how easy it is to form relations with brutal dictators of oppressive regimes.  Unfortunately for Barack Obama, it was not his finest moment, and his attempt to normalize relations with Cuba didn t work out so well for members of our US Embassy, who have now been diagnosed with  brain abnormalities , after experiencing some sort of attack that many experts suspect was inflicted with a sonic weapon.  The left rejoiced when President Barack Obama decided to normalize relations with the Cuban regime, reopened our embassy, and allowed travel to the island.But most of that has come to a screeching halt after mysterious attacks on our diplomats, which have caused serious health problems. The State Department has decided to recall all non-essential personnel from the embassy and urged Americans not to travel to Cuba.  Legal InsurrectionThe leftist Boston Globe publication gushed over Barack Obama s historic visit to Cuba.When President Obama travels to Cuba on Sunday with his family, he is making a vital foreign policy statement, and not just about the small island off the tip of Florida. The bigger principle at play is the value of diplomatic engagement over isolation, cooperation versus Cold War thinking. The visit   the first time a sitting American president has been to Cuba in almost 90 years   is a manifestation of the hope that democratic ideals can spread over time once normalized relations are established.Obama will not only be meeting with President Raul Castro, but also with middle-class Cubans, entrepreneurs, and political dissidents, a symbolic yet reassuring move on behalf of democracy and fairness. Already the opening of relations is bearing fruit, with new businesses sprouting and a flourishing tourism industry taking root.Legal Insurrection   The attacks on American officials at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, keeps getting stranger and stranger. The latest information revealed that doctors have found brain abnormalities in the victims. From The Associated Press:It s the most specific finding to date about physical damage, showing that whatever it was that harmed the Americans, it led to perceptible changes in their brains. The finding is also one of several factors fueling growing skepticism that some kind of sonic weapon was involved.Medical testing has revealed the embassy workers developed changes to the white matter tracts that let different parts of the brain communicate, several U.S. officials said, describing a growing consensus held by university and government physicians researching the attacks. White matter acts like information highways between brain cells.Some of the victims woke up in the middle of the night and heard  disembodied chirping in the room, or a strange, low hum, or the sound of scraping metal.  Others described how  they felt a phantom flutter of air pass by as they listened.  There are some victims that did not notice anything.But the victims felt the effects of these noises or non-noises 24 hours later. These symptoms included nausea, loss of hearing or sight, headaches, vertigo, and dizziness. Symptoms appeared to have gone away once the victims came back to America. At first officials and doctors believed a sonic weapon caused the issues. Now they don t know.The officials did not say if the doctors found these changes in all of the victims. Elisa Konofagou, a Columbia University biomedical engineering professor, told the AP that  acoustic waves have never been shown to alter the brain s white matter tracts  and she  would be very surprised  if that is the cause of the abnormalities.From The Washington Post: Physicians are treating the symptoms like a new, never-seen-before illness,  the AP wrote, and expect to monitor the victims for the rest of their lives, although most have fully recovered from their symptoms by now.The physicians are working with FBI agents and intelligence agencies as they look for a source, and U.S. officials have not backed down from their accusations against the Cuban government, which denies any involvement despite a history of animosity between the two countries.In October, experts provided the mysterious noise to the Ap. It s high pitched, almost like nails on a chalkboard. They do not know what kind of mechanism produced this sound or who developed it. Those who heard a sound heard the same thing:Yet the AP has reviewed several recordings from Havana taken under different circumstances, and all have variations of the same high-pitched sound. Individuals who have heard the noise in Havana confirm the recordings are generally consistent with what they heard. That s the sound,  one of them said.As the number of affected have risen, the State Department had no choice but to take action to protect our people. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson decided in late September to bring home all non-essential personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Havana, thus cutting the staff by 60% and halt citizen travel to the island.A few days later, Tillerson decided to expel 15 diplomats from the Cuban Embassy in Washington, D.C.Instead of a legacy of a great man who built much-needed bridges with legitimate foreign nations, Barack Hussein Obama, the community organizer turned President, is left with the legacy of creating the most divided United States of America since the Civil War. ",0
9242,JUST IN: “Pit Bull” Attorney For Special Counsel Robert Mueller Attended Hillary’s Election Night Party,"Is there a single person left on Robert Mueller s  Trump-Russian collusion  team who isn t in bed with Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton?An attorney for special counsel Robert Mueller attended Hillary Clinton s election night party in New York City, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday.Andrew Weissmann s attendance at the party is one of many signs pointing to a troubling bias from the attorney. Weissmann has been described by The New York Times as Mueller s  lieutenant  and  pit bull. Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained an email Tuesday that revealed Weissmann praised former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates  defiance of Trump. I am so proud. And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects,  Weissmann wrote to Yates on Jan. 30. The email followed Yates  instruction to the DOJ not to defend an executive order banning immigration from seven nations, an act that led to her dismissal by President Trump.Weissmann is one of several Democratic donors that have been hired by Mueller, a registered Republican. The special counsel s  pit bull  donated a combined $6,600 to the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.The special counsel s probe has been criticized by Trump s allies, but the White House maintains Trump has no intention to fire Mueller.  Daily Caller ",0
9243,JUST IN: MUELLER’S “Right Hand Man” Represented IT Staffer Who Destroyed Hillary’s Blackberrys With A Hammer!,"You just can t make this stuff up Yet another key member of Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe appears to have deep ties to the Democratic Party.From PJ Media: Aaron Zebley served previously as Mueller s chief of staff at the FBI and as a senior counselor in the National Security Division at the Department of Justice. He also served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the National Security and Terrorism Unit in Alexandria, Virginia.Also, in 2015 when he was a lawyer, he represented Justin Cooper, the IT staffer who personally set up Hillary Clinton s unsecured server in her Chappaqua home, Fox News  Tucker Carlson revealed on his show Thursday.Cooper, it so happens, is also the aide who destroyed Clinton s old BlackBerries with a hammer.Watch the brilliant television ad Ted Cruz s team made during the election, that mocked Hillary Clinton and Justin Cooper for destroying evidence of her crimes, when they smashed her Blackberrys with a hammer:Documents obtained by Fox News show that Senate investigators grew frustrated with Zebley after being repeatedly stonewalled when they were trying to set up a meeting with Cooper. Mr. Zebley telephoned Homeland Security [Committee] staff to inform them that Cooper had chosen to cancel the interview,  the documents said.In a letter to Cooper, congressional investigators complained:  We are troubled by your attorney s [referring to Zebley] complete refusal to engage the committee in a discussion about how to further assuage your concerns. Let this sink in. The same attorney who played a defensive role for Hillary Clinton was tapped by Mueller in June to play an offensive role against Clinton opponent Trump.But Zebley isn t the only questionable hire. Out of a team of fifteen lawyers, nine of them have donated to Democratic candidates. None of them seem to have Republican leanings.Jeannie Rhee, who was hired by Mueller last summer to work on the probe, was the personal attorney of Ben Rhodes and also represented the Clinton Foundation, Fox News  Laura Ingraham reported on Wednesday.",0
9244,“DONALD TRUMP DIET”…LIFELONG LIBERAL Tells  How His Leftist Friends Caused Him To Lose 7 Pounds After He Defended Donald Trump [VIDEO],"Every single day, liberals provide more and more evidence that Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome is a real thing. After the treatment liberal Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz received from his leftist friends for defending the law, and in the process defending President Trump, will he ever be able to embrace the people he used to believe were  tolerant  and  open-minded ?  WFB   Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz said Friday that he has lost seven pounds because his liberal friends have stopped inviting him to dinner parties for defending President Donald Trump against Democrats calling for him to be charged with obstruction of justice. Fox and Friends  co-host Ainsley Earhardt asked Dershowitz, a lifelong liberal who has donated thousands of dollars to Democrats, about liberals shunning him, noting that he usually agrees with liberals when he appears on the show. Well, I call it the Donald Trump diet,  Dershowitz said with a smile.  I ve lost seven pounds because my liberal friends have stopped inviting me to dinner parties. After four years, I ll be back to my high school weight. He added that many liberals do not want to understand his view and immediately accuse him of being on Trump s side.WATCH: I m on nobody s side. I m on the side of the rule of law, the Constitution, and the Constitution is clear [that if] a president exercises his constitutional authority by firing somebody or by pardoning somebody, that cannot be the basis for obstruction of justice,  Dershowitz said.  If he goes further and lies or tells his people to destroy evidence, of course, that s different. That s how [Richard] Nixon and [Bill] Clinton got in trouble, but President [Trump] cannot be charged with obstruction for simply exercising his Article 2 power under the Constitution. And that s the point of view you expressed on this program a couple of days ago,  co-host Steve Doocy added.  And then the president of the United States retweeted,  Hey you should watch Alan Dershowitz on Fox and Friends make that case,  but then your liberal friends, their heads started exploding, and I understand somebody even suggested that you re being paid off by the Trump people. Dershowitz mocked the idea that he is being paid off or that he wants to become a Supreme Court justice at the age of 79. He then mentioned that he also is being attacked for his article supporting Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. I m being criticized for that by people because that s what Trump said, and if Trump said it, that means Dershowitz can t say it because that means Dershowitz is on Trump s side,  Dershowitz said.  I m on the side of justice and fairness. ",0
9245,#VeryFakeNewsCNN BUSTED After Getting MAJOR Detail In Donald Trump Jr.-Wikileaks Story Wrong,"Would CNN even know the truth if it bit them in the a**?The media s quest to prove Donald Trump Jr. colluded with Wikileaks is all wrong.The Sept. 14 email to Trump campaign advertising WikiLeaks emails promoted publicly available info, was riddled with typos and came from a Trump backer who had given $40 to the campaign months earlier, per email viewed by @WSJ.  Rebecca Ballhaus (@rebeccaballhaus) December 8, 2017Legal Insurrection  CNN originally reported an email from Trump Jr. was sent 10 days later, a factual inaccuracy that led to a false timeline and essentially, fake news. The timeline is crucial because it proves Trump Jr. was not trading unknown information, but that someone was alerting him to information already made public. Despite claims to the contrary, Trump Jr. was not aware (as far as records prove) ofCNN has published a CORRECTION and updated this story. Originally CNN said the email was dated Sept. 4, based on ""accounts from two sources who had seen the email."" CNN now has a copy of the email, and it's dated Sept. 14, not Sept. 4. https://t.co/EpvrB43jyU  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) December 8, 2017From CNN s report, which has been updated to reflect the WaPos findings:Candidate Donald Trump, his son Donald Trump Jr. and others in the Trump Organization received an email in September 2016 offering a decryption key and website address for hacked WikiLeaks documents, according to an email provided to congressional investigators.The September 14 email was sent during the final stretch of the 2016 presidential race.CNN originally reported the email was released September 4   10 days earlier   based on accounts from two sources who had seen the email. The new details appear to show that the sender was relying on publicly available information. The new information indicates that the communication is less significant than CNN initially reported.After this story was published, The Washington Post obtained a copy of the email Friday afternoon and reported that the email urged Trump and his campaign to download archives that WikiLeaks had made public a day earlier. The story suggested that the individual may simply have been trying to flag the campaign to already public documents.CNN has now obtained a copy of the email, which lists September 14 as the date sent and contains a decryption key that matches what WikiLeaks had tweeted out the day before.After obtaining the emails, the WaPo corrected the record:A 2016 email sent to President Trump and top aides pointed the campaign to hacked documents from the Democratic National Committee that had already been made public by the group WikiLeaks a day earlier.The email   sent the afternoon of Sept. 14, 2016   noted that  Wikileaks has uploaded another (huge 678 mb) archive of files from the DNC  and included a link and a  decryption key,  according to a copy obtained by The Washington Post.The writer, who said his name was Michael J. Erickson and described himself as the president of an aviation management company, sent the message to the then-Republican nominee as well as his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and other top advisers.Legal Insurrection tweeted about CNN s latest VeryFakeNews story:Washington Post proving that CNN scoop was fake news. Happy Friday! https://t.co/GHfZdRf9Zv  Legal Insurrection (@LegInsurrection) December 8, 2017 ",0
9246,ONE IMAGE PERFECTLY Captures Who’s Really Behind The Trump-Russian Collusion “Investigation”,"Unfounded claims that President Trump was filmed with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel surfaced in the closing stretch of last year s White House race.Mrs. Clinton s presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) reportedly helped fund the research.According to US media reports, Perkins Coie, a law firm representing the Clinton campaign and DNC, hired intelligence firm Fusion GPS in April 2016.  BBCYesterday, another bombshell was revealed by Rep. Jim Jordan on the Lou Dobbs show, when Jordan told Dobbs that he believes the FBI paid Christopher Steele, the creator of the Trump dossier and that they used it to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on Americans associated with the Trump campaign. Jordon told Dobbs:  There are a couple of fundamental questions here. Did the FBI pay Christopher Steele? I asked that of the Attorney General two weeks ago he wouldn t answer the question. Did they actually vet this dossier?  Because it s been disproven, a bunch of lies, a bunch of National Enquirer garbage and fake news in this thing. Did they actually check it out before they brought it to the FISA Court which I m convinced they did. And all of this can be cleared up if they release the application that they took to the court  I think they won t give it to us because they did pay Christopher Steele. I think they did use the dossier as the basis for the warrants to spy on Americans associated with President Trump s campaign. Strzok is the guy who took the dossier to the FISA Court. Watch:Politically Corrupt FBI   @Jim_Jordan: I believe the FBI paid Christopher Steele, and then used the discredited, fake news dossier to spy on @POTUS and his campaign. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #DTS @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/bfgk37LbFC  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) December 8, 2017While Democrats desperately try to convince the American public that Trump colluded with the Russians to defeat one of the most unpopular candidates they ve ever stuck their party with, real journalists continue to uncover the real collusion, and it s looking more and more like sadly, it s between the FBI, Obama s DOJ and investigators working for Special Counsel Robert Mueller.This one image by cartoonist Antonio Branco, pretty much sums up who s really in charge of the phony Trump-Russian collusion sham of an investigation:",0
9247,"WI GOV. SCOTT WALKER: If You’re Able-Bodied and Want Welfare, You’re Going To Be Drug-Tested","If you live in Wisconsin and want your working neighbors to fund your existence, you may need to start peeing in a cup to prove your dependency on the government isn t related to your dependency on drugs. The governor of Wisconsin is a love em  or hate em  kind of leader. Conservatives love him for making public sector unions pay more of their own benefits,  liberals hate him for daring to stand up to the powerful, organized mega-donors of the Democrat Party. Governor Walker is about to shake things up again in the blue state of Wisconsin, and liberals are not gonna be happy Gov. Scott Walker is moving forward with an effort to drug test some food stamp recipients, with testing expected to begin in as little as a year absent action from lawmakers or the federal government.Wisconsin s Republican governor has submitted a plan to state lawmakers for drug testing able-bodied recipients of the state s Food Share program. If the state Legislature doesn t object within 120 days, the plan will go into effect, though it will take at least a year for actual testing to begin.The program won t necessarily have a massive effect, however. The Walker administration estimated in October that only about 220 food stamp recipients statewide   or just 0.3% of able-bodied adults   would test positive in the first year. Employers have jobs available, but they need skilled workers who can pass a drug test,  Walker said in a statement.  This rule change means people battling substance use disorders will be able to get the help they need to get healthy and get back into the workforce. A year ago, Walker had asked then President-elect Donald Trump and his incoming administration to clear the way for the change in the food stamp program, which is overseen by the state but largely funded by federal taxpayers. So far that hasn t happened but a Walker spokesman said Monday that the governor believes the state can proceed without any federal action. Our position is we have the authority to implement the rule,  spokesman Tom Evenson said.The now-departed appointees of President Barack Obama didn t see it that way. In January 2017, right before Trump took over the White House, the former U.S. official in charge of the replacement program to food stamps said such testing would require a change in federal law. The law clearly does not allow it,  said Kevin Concannon, undersecretary at the federal Food and Nutrition Service within the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Walker s  office forwarded that request to us and it was very clear, we consulted the legal counsels here and the law absolutely does not allow it. The Trump administration, however, may not see the issue in the same light.   Journal Sentinel ",0
9248,JUST IN: ROY MOORE Accuser ADMITS to FORGING Yearbook,"The credibility of Beverly Young Nelson, the woman who accused Roy Moore of making sexual advances toward her when she was a teen, has been shattered.  Shortly after Nelson appeared on television with leftist attorney Gloria Allred,  her stepson made the difficult decision of coming out and saying that his stepmother was lying in a Facebook video he made to set the record straight about his father s wife.Watch video:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));My official statementPosted by Darrel Nelson on Tuesday, November 14, 2017Meanwhile, Twitter user Thomas Wictor made his case through a series of tweets that the alleged Roy Moore signature in a high school yearbook Nelson used as  evidence  of her story was forged. Conservative media outlets began to demand that the yearbook was examined by a neutral party. Nelson and her attorney, Gloria Allred refused. Nelson remained silent for weeks while the controversy about the allegedly forged high school yearbook continued to catch fire in the media.Breitbart News reports that Beverly Young Nelson has finally admitted that she forged a portion of the infamous high school yearbook that she and attorney Gloria Allred used as proof of her accusations against U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore.And in yet another blow to the credibility of ABC News, the disgraced, left-wing network downplayed the bombshell by presenting this admission of forgery as adding  notes  to the inscription. Worse still, the reporter actually coaches Nelson, puts words in her mouth, downplay the enormous significance of her deceit.Beverly Young Nelson, one of the women accusing GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual misconduct, tells @GMA it  sickens  her to think what might happen if Moore is elected. https://t.co/wuEGWr0kng pic.twitter.com/lcp5OY4x3A  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) December 8, 2017 Nelson admits she did make notes to the inscription,  ABC News tells us.  But the message was all Roy Moore. ABC News reporter Tom Llamas just couldn t help himself, as he coaches Nelson to make sure she is still able to cling to a portion of her story:Llamas:  Beverly, he signed your yearbook. Nelson:  He did sign it. Llamas, for his part encouraged her to get her story straight:  And you made some notes underneath. Nelson replied:  Yes. And then, after a woman admits to forging a document used in a campaign to destroy the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in Alabama, ABC News quickly moves on as though it is not news of extraordinary consequence.Llamas also fails to ask any follow-ups, such as  If the explanation is this simple, why wait all these weeks to offer it?  Or,  Why did you lie? Nelson is accusing Moore of attempting to assault her when she was just 16-years-old. With the election just four days away, this admission of forgery could not come at a better time for Moore. Nelson and Allred are planning a news conference Friday, but nothing will overcome the forgery admission.How can anyone believe anything she says after admitting to such a thing? Early reports are that Nelson and Allred will produce an expert to prove the rest of the yearbook is not a forgery. So a proven forger is bringing in her own expert. What an insult to the people of Alabama.Another problem with Nelson is that she has a motive to lie and forge: as a circuit judge, Moore ruled against her in a 1999 divorce case.The Moore campaign has been pressuring Nelson and Allred for weeks to submit the yearbook for independent handwriting analysis. Now everyone knows why that request was rejected and ignored.With Nelson now thoroughly discredited, this leaves two accusers against Moore.One is Leigh Corfman, who claims Moore molested her as a 14-year-old child. She is the most credible of the three, but the narrative behind her story, that Moore s abuse resulted in Corfman s living a troubled life of  drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt,  is directly contradicted by contemporaneous court records.Moore s final accuser is Tina Johnson, a woman who claims Moore groped her butt in his office in 1991. But, again, as was the case with Corfman and Nelson, the left-wing media outlets reporting these allegations (the Washington Post, AL.com) either failed to fully vet the accusers or withheld crucial context.Thanks to New Media s going behind these discredited outlets to fact check the reporting, we now know that Johnson did not tell the entire truth. She was not in Moore s office  on business.  If she was in Moore s office at all, it was due to a bitter custody battle where Moore represented Johnson s mother, who was trying to gain custody of Johnson s 12-year-old son based on the claim that Johnson was an  unfit, absent, and unstable mother. If the media and the accusers and Gloria Allred told the full truth to begin with, they would all be more credible.Here are close up versions of the signatures. Note, that when viewed close up, the signature is signed in both black and blue ink.Here is a closer version of the yearbook signature:Here is Wictor s explanation for the different colors of ink:(4) The LIGHT is reflecting off of the ink.The ink that LOOKS blue is actually black. It's DIFFERENT ink than the ORIGINAL ink.Therefore it reflects light differently.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 16, 2017(11) So, to recap:The signature is a forgery, and everything after the name ""Roy-Ray"" was added later with different ink. pic.twitter.com/1sPv6aABge  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 15, 2017Just like the ""TH"" doomed Dan Rather, ""DA"" will doom the anti Roy Moore forces. They copied his signature on Nelsons divorce order not realizing ""DA"" was his assistants initials, not his title. The sheer stupidity! pic.twitter.com/oWJ5fzM6fr  TruthHurts (@tru768) November 15, 2017After the yearbook signature came into question, Moore s attorney came out  with a statement regarding the signature in the high school yearbook. Here s what he had to say:Roy Moore's Attorney: ""[Nelson & Gloria Allred] said that Ms. Nelson after the allegations had never seen or had any contact with Judge Moore  In 1999, Ms. Nelson filed a divorce action  The judge assigned was Roy S. Moore."" pic.twitter.com/Bv5ZV0CMvc  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 15, 2017",0
9249,CREEPY BERNIE Calls For Trump To Step Down…What About Disgusting Essay BERNIE SANDERS WROTE About Women Fantasizing About Being Gang Raped or Men Fantasizing About Sexually Abusing Women?,"Yesterday, Senator Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., went on a media blitz that was clearly coordinated by the Democrat Party, at about the same time Senator Al Franken (D-MN) was reluctantly resigning. Sanders took to his allies in the media to call on President Trump to resign over unproven allegations of sexual misconduct that were made against him during his campaign. By the way, it should not go without mentioning that we haven t heard a peep from any of Trump s accusers since he won the election. The Democrats are not going to give up that easily when it comes to ousting President Trump. Just this week, Democrats gave up the fight for Rep. John Conyers (D-MI) and Senator Al Franken (D-MN) (both of whom represented  safe  districts for Democrats), after multiple allegations of sexual assault and abuse. It was a clear play at attempting to convince voters that the Democrats are suddenly the party of morals.Do Democrats really believe Americans will be duped into believing that the party who cheated Bernie Sanders, (who wrote about how women fantasize about being gang-raped) out of the chance to be the Democrat nominee for President, to make Hillary Clinton, (a woman who has been accused of enabling her accused rapist husband, who has also been accused several times of sexual assault, and was impeached for lying about having sex with a 19-year old intern under his desk in the Oval Office) is somehow now the  moral  party?Here s  what Bernie had to say about President Trump yesterday:Washington Examiner    We have a president of the United States who acknowledged on a time widely seen all over this country that he assaulted women, so I would hope that maybe the POTUS might pay attention to what s going on and also think about resigning,  Sanders told CBS News on Thursday.Bernie recently said it was not up to the Senate or Democrat Party to call on Senator Franken to step down. Watch, as Sanders glosses over the question when asked about his previous statement (before Democrats decided Franken was a scalp they could spare for the sake of the party).""What I worry about right now, as we speak, in restaurants and in offices all over this country where you have bosses who are not famous, there is harassment of women and women are being intimidated. We need a cultural revolution in this country.""   @SenSanders pic.twitter.com/GTxAf0PVGA  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) December 7, 2017Watch Sanders (the presumtive leader of the Democrat Party) as he calls on President Trump to step down:""We have a POTUS who acknowledged on a tape widely seen all over the country that he's assaulted women, so I would hope maybe the president of the United States might pay attention of what's going on and also think about resigning.""   @SenSanders pic.twitter.com/fy4ucYUEkv  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) December 7, 2017The senator was referencing a tape from  Access Hollywood  made public during the 2016 election on which the president was heard talking about grabbing women without their consent. More than a dozen women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct.Several of Sanders  colleagues in Congress have been accused of inappropriate behavior, and Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., is expected to make a speech on the Senate floor addressing the allegations against him late Thursday morning.Speaking of words Trump used decades ago when referring to a woman, during a private conversation with another man, what about the disgusting and degrading essay Bernie Sanders wrote about women in 1972?Daily Wire   A 1972 essay written by socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) expressed his views on human sexuality in which he claimed that women fantasize about being gang-raped and men fantasize about sexually abusing women.The article  Man   and Woman,  came to light after Mother Jones published it during the 2016 presidential election before Sanders started to gain significant momentum in the race.Sanders  piece was originally published in the Vermont Freeman and was a reflection on his views of gender and sexuality, the Washington Examiner reported.The first two-paragraphs in Sanders  article drew the most controversy:A man goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy. A woman on her knees, a woman tied up, a woman abused.A woman enjoys intercourse with her man   as she fantasizes being raped by three men simultaneously.Sanders was 31 years old at the time he wrote the essay and had just launched his first campaign for Senate, which proved to be the first of several losing campaigns before he became mayor of Burlington nine years later.WATCH:Bernie Sanders 1972 essay:""A man goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy. A woman on her knees, a woman tied up, a woman abused.""""A woman enjoys intercourse with her man   as she fantasizes being raped by 3 men simultaneously.""A sitting US Senator thinks these things. pic.twitter.com/WyxY9CFFwu  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) November 26, 2017",0
9250,PHILADELPHIA Committee Passes Bill Forcing Store Owners to Remove Bullet-Proof Glass…Because it’s Offensive,"What s more important, protecting the dignity of customers who shop in local liquor stores, or the innocent employees and store owners who come in every day, knowing that the only thing that ensures they will go home alive, is the bullet-proof glass between them and the criminal element who enters their store? Well, according to one Philadelphia councilwoman, it s the dignity of the customers. Philadelphia s Public Health and Human Services Committee passed a bill Monday to ban shop owners from protecting themselves with bulletproof plexiglass.Philadelphia 8th District Councilwoman Cindy Bass, who is behind the bill, said previously that having to see plexiglass represents an  indignity  to her constituents and should, therefore, be banned.  Information LiberationFOX News   Philadelphia is one step closer to getting rid of bulletproof glass in many of its small businesses as part of a larger effort to crack down on loitering, public urination, and potential drug sales   but the potential ban has triggered a backlash from shopkeepers.The city s Public Health and Human Services Committee passed a bill Monday enabling Philadelphia s Department of Licenses and Inspections to regulate the bullet-resistant barricades that stand between customers and cash registers in many neighborhood corner stores, according to FOX29. No establishment required to obtain a Large Establishment license   shall erect or maintain a physical barrier that requires the persons serving the food either to open a window or other aperture or to pass the food through a window or other aperture, in order to hand the food to a customer inside the establishment,  the bill states. It also calls for larger establishments to have bathrooms for customers.Here s a great example of the crime Philadelphia officers deal with every day in a city where the elected officials are more worried about passing laws to protect the dignity of liquor store customers, and not the people who bravely come to work every day to sell goods in dangerous, crime-ridden neighborhoods. ",0
9251,Bombshell! Rep. Jim Jordan: FBI Paid for Fake Trump Dossier…Used It to Wiretap Trump [Video],"Thank goodness for Rep. Jim Jordan s masterful grilling of FBI Director Chris Wray today (see video of testimony below) regarding the Trump investigation. The videos below reveal bombshell information that this is a set up by FBI agent Strzok who took the fake dossier to the FISA Court in the beginning THIS IS A BIG DEAL!JORDAN ON LOU DOBBS AFTER HIS QUESTIONING OF WRAY: There are a couple of fundamental questions here. Did the FBI pay Christopher Steele? I asked that of the Attorney General two weeks ago he wouldn t answer the question. Did they actually vet this dossier?  Because it s been disproven, a bunch of lies, a bunch of National Enquirer garbage and fake news in this thing. Did they actually check it out before they brought it to the FISA Court which I m convinced they did. And all of this can be cleared up if they release the application that they took to the court  I think they won t give it to us because they did pay Christopher Steele. I think they did use the dossier as the basis for the warrants to spy on Americans associated with President Trump s campaign. Strzok is the guy who took the dossier to the FISA Court.Politically Corrupt FBI   @Jim_Jordan: I believe the FBI paid Christopher Steele, and then used the discredited, fake news dossier to spy on @POTUS and his campaign. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #DTS @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/bfgk37LbFC  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) December 8, 2017Earlier in the day, Rep. Jim Jordan grilled Chris Wray about the dossier: Let s remember a couple of things about the dossier,  he said.  The Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign, which we now know were one and the same, paid the law firm who paid Fusion GPS who paid Christopher Steele who then paid Russians to put together a report that we call a dossier full of all kinds of fake news, National Enquirer garbage and it s been reported that this dossier was all dressed up by the FBI, taken to the FISA court and presented as a legitimate intelligence document   that it became the basis for a warrant to spy on Americans. The easiest way to clear it up is tell us what s in that application and who took it there,  Jordan said.Jordan finished with this:  Here s what I think   I think Peter Strozk   Mr. Super Agent at the FBI, I think he s the guy who took the application to the FISA court and if that happened, if this happened, if you have the FBI working with a campaign, the Democrats  campaign, taking opposition research, dressing it all up and turning it into an intelligence document so they can take it to the FISA court so they can spy on the other campaign, if that happened, that is as wrong as it gets. ",0
9252,JUST IN: OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Presiding Over Michael Flynn’s Case SUDDENLY Recuses Himself…CLINTON Appointed Judge Will Sentence Flynn,"Now, a Clinton appointed judge who took Flynn s guilty plea has suddenly recused himself and Flynn will now face an Obama appointed judge for his sentencing. Hmmm Politico   President Donald Trump s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, will face a different judge to be sentenced than the one who took Flynn s guilty plea to a felony false statement charge last week, court records show.Judge Emmet Sullivan was randomly assigned to take over the case after Judge Rudolph Contreras recused himself.A court spokeswoman confirmed to POLITICO that the reassignment of the case was due to Contreras  recusal, but did not immediately respond to a query about the reason.Sullivan is an appointee of President Bill Clinton, while Contreras was appointed by President Barack Obama.Flynn pleaded guilty last Friday to a false statement charge brought by prosecutors from the office of special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. ",0
9253,WHY THE MUELLER ‘WITCH HUNT’ On President Trump Is Dead,"Special Counsel Robert Mueller s anti-Trump witch hunt is dead, even if he doesn t realize it. While his investigation stumbles onward, with life support provided by the biased media, from a legal perspective the viability of any criminal case that Mueller could possibly bring has been effectively gutted thanks to the news (suppressed for months by Mueller s team) that the FBI s  key agent  in both the Russia investigation and the Clinton email probe was an ardent Hillary supporter with an anti-Trump bias.Under federal law, a prosecutor is required  to disclose exculpatory and impeachment information to criminal defendants and to seek a just result in every case.  Specifically, pursuant to Giglio v. United States:As a result, in any prosecution brought by Mueller against a Republican target, defense counsel would be entitled under the Constitution to all evidence in the government s possession relevant to exploring the apparent biases of FBI agent Peter Strzok and his animosity toward Trump and the Republican Party. This, in and of itself, could be a case-killer because it is very unlikely that Mueller or the DOJ would want defense counsel poring through all the records and documents, emails, and texts in the DOJ s and Strzok s possession revealing the agent s biases since this could fatally undermine any other cases or investigations the agent has worked on such as the FBI s decision to recommend charging General Flynn with lying to federal agents even though Hillary Clinton s besties, Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin, were given a free pass despite apparently doing the same thing.Significantly, the fatal damage done to Mueller s anti-Trump investigation does not only rest in the fact that defense counsel will be able to conduct an unlubricated prostate examination on the FBI s key agent at trial. Instead, the real reason why Mueller will not risk a criminal trial is the lasting damage that would be done to the FBI s reputation by having Strzok s baggage brought into the daylight:For example, Jim Jordan skewered Chris Wray today on the Peter Strzok angle of investigation THIS is just the tip of the iceberg on what could be brought forward on this weasel:REMEMBER THAT STRZOK PLAYED A KEY ROLL IN  ANALYZING  THE TRUMP DOSSIER: Let s remember a couple of things about the dossier,  he said.  The Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign, which we now know were one and the same, paid the law firm who paid Fusion GPS who paid Christopher Steele who then paid Russians to put together a report that we call a dossier full of all kinds of fake news, National Enquirer garbage and it s been reported that this dossier was all dressed up by the FBI, taken to the FISA court and presented as a legitimate intelligence document   that it became the basis for a warrant to spy on Americans.  [ ] The easiest way to clear it up is tell us what s in that application and who took it there,  Jordan said. [ ]Jordan finished with this:  Here s what I think   I think Peter Strozk   Mr. Super Agent at the FBI, I think he s the guy who took the application to the FISA court and if that happened, if this happened, if you have the FBI working with a campaign, the Democrats  campaign, taking opposition research, dressing it all up and turning it into an intelligence document so they can take it to the FISA court so they can spy on the other campaign, if that happened, that is as wrong as it gets. JAMES ROSEN HAS THIS:KABOOOOOM !! Mueller Investigation CRUMBLES !!First Strzok and Paige then Weissmann, then Rhee and NOW Bruce Ohr BUSTED w/ both hands in the Fake Trump Dossier cookie jar !!#FireMueller #ShutItDown Investigating the Investigators pic.twitter.com/u9YgFa6421   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterVIP) December 7, 2017Read more: Daily Caller",0
9254,33-Yr Old Skier LINDSEY VONN Says She Won’t Represent President Trump At Upcoming Olympics,"Has there ever been a US Olympic athlete who, before representing the United States in the Olympic games, discussed whether or not they would be  representing  our President? Aren t the U.S. Olympic athletes made aware fairly early on, that they re representing our nation? I don t remember ever seeing any of our athletes carrying a flag with a picture of the President of the United States, or wearing apparel covered with the President s image or name. So why is Lindsey Vonn making a statement about how she s not going to be representing President Trump? Does anyone really care about Lindsey Vonn s opinion about President Trump? FOX News  Olympic gold medal skier Lindsey Vonn says she ll represent the United States, but not President Trump, when she returns to the Winter Games in February.Vonn, who won a gold medal in the women s downhill competition in 2010 in Vancouver, skipped the 2014 Sochi games because of knee injuries. I hope to represent the people of the United States, not the president,  Vonn said this week amid the buildup to the 2018 games in PyeongChang, South Korea. I take the Olympics very seriously and what they mean and what they represent, what walking under our flag means in the opening ceremonies,  she added. I want to represent our country well, and I don t think there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that. Vonn also told CNN that she would  absolutely not  accept an invitation to the White House.Isn t this really more about a former Olympic athlete with an over-inflated ego and an overblown sense of how important her opinions are to the American people than anything else? ",0
9255,ARE SENATOR AL FRANKEN and REP JOHN CONYERS Being Sacrificed By The Democrat Party For A Much Larger Goal?,"After two days of being criticized by mostly female, (and even some male) members of Congress, over multiple allegations of sexual misconduct, Democrat Al Franken just announced he s resigning from his US Senate seat. Democrat Representative John Conyers met a similar onslaught of criticism from fellow House members earlier in the week, which left him feeling isolated from his own party as he faced multiple allegations of sexual assault, misconduct and even accusations of a veiled death threat by one woman.After years of looking the other way while numerous women courageously stepped forward to accuse former President Bill Clinton of sexual assault and even rape, Democrats not only looked the other way, they nominated his wife who was accused by the same women of enabling his behavior as their choice for President of The United States.So why the sudden outrage over Franken and Conyers? Could it have something to do with the upcoming election for Senator in Alabama, where hard-core conservative Republican Judge Roy Moore appears to be ahead in the polls against Democrat candidate Doug Jones, despite being accused by several women of sexual misconduct that took place decades ago? So far, the motives or tactics of almost every one of Moore s accusers has been called into question. But this is not just any race, it s a race that the Democrats have dumped millions into, in hopes of taking a Senate seat they would otherwise have no chance of gaining in a deeply red state that overwhelmingly went for Trump in 2016. Democrat Senate candidate Doug Jones has never run for political office, opposes tax cuts for the rich and supports an expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare. The 63-year-old also is staunchly pro-choice, putting him at odds with embattled Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who is staunchly pro-life.There s one thing we know about the Democrats they know how to fight. If the Democrats can make an 11th-hour show of how  moral  they are, because they are suddenly able to rally against sexual predators in leadership roles in their party (even though they spent decades ignoring the Clinton s, or the biggest elephant in the room) perhaps they can convince voters to support Democrat Doug Moore over the  moral-less  Republican-backed candidate Roy Moore, and gain a Senate seat they could only have dreamed about 6 months ago. The Democrats haven t won a senate seat in Alabama since 1992.Let s face it, Senator Franken resides in a solidly blue state who went for Hillary in 2016. There s not much likelihood that they ll elect a Republican to replace him. When it comes to the 88-year old Conyers, he s not only nearing the end of his career, he s a representative in Detroit, where it doesn t matter who runs as long as they have a (D) behind their name. It s a 100% safe seat.So if sacrificing a few members of their own party means gaining a Senate seat, it s all worth it, right? After all, the media wouldn t dare call out their allies in the Democrat Party for their decades of hypocrisy, and for their undying support of accused rapist Bill Clinton and his lovely, enabling wife Meanwhile, the blue state of Minnesota still loves Al Franken:Minnesota s Star Tribune calls Senator Al Franken (D-MN)  A star in his party After eight years in the Senate, Franken had emerged as a powerful voice on progressive causes and forceful critic of the Trump administration, frequently generating national headlines with aggressive questioning of Trump s Cabinet officers. He was a star attraction for the Democratic Party, raising millions of dollars for candidates around the country and appearing frequently on nationally broadcast talk shows and in other high-profile venues.Franken s celebrity preceded his political career. He was hired as a staff writer for  Saturday Night Live  in its first season in 1975 and quickly became a regular on-air performer as well. He served two long stints on the show s staff, the second ending in 1995. After that, he published several bestselling books of political satire from a liberal point of view and hosted a nationally syndicated radio show for several years.Franken, who had been a vocal champion of women s rights and a popular, in-demand spokesman for various progressive causes, found himself caught up in a growing cultural movement around outing bad behavior toward women by men in positions of power. By abandoning Franken along with former U.S. Rep. John Conyers, who resigned earlier this week, Democrats are drawing a distinction between their party and Republicans at a time when President Trump has thrown his full weight behind Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, accused of sexual abuse of underage girls.A Democratic source told the Star Tribune that Dayton is likely to appoint Lt. Gov. Tina Smith and that she is not expected to run in the special election.88-year old Representative John Conyers (D-MI) was the longest-serving House Member in US history. ",0
9256,"TRUMP-HATING, Anti-Gun “COMEDIAN” And Author Of “A Child’s First Book Of Trump” Credits His Kids For Inspiring All of His “BABY RAPE Jokes","Rabid, Trump-hating, anti-gun, comedian, and so-called  author , Michael Ian Black took to Twitter to answer a  question  about how having children has  changed  his  comedy .  His answer is not what most American would expect. The comedian, who is consumed with hate for President Trump and his followers responded:  They inspired all my baby rape jokes. Here is how Michael Ian Black s tweet read:Here is the actual tweet:Question I keep getting in interviews is whether having kids changed my comedy. Yes. They inspired all my baby rape jokes.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) October 7, 2011It s not the first time Black made a  joke  about molesting kids. When Subway s spokesman Jared Fogel was convicted of possessing child pornography and crossing state lines to have sex with children, Black responded to a tweet about Fogel by saying (jokingly?):  We used to molest kids together Black also believes the NRA is a  terrorist group In light of the House passing today s gun bill, a friendly reminder that the NRA is a terrorist organization.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) December 6, 2017Black is the author of a disgusting anti-Trump book called  A Child s First Book Of Trump . If you want to check out (or review) Michael Ian Black s book, you can find it for purchase on Amazon and the Barnes and Noble website. Here is the Barnes and Noble  Overview  of  Black s book from their website:OverviewA Child s First Book of Trump by Michael Ian Black, Marc Rosenthal A New York Times bestseller!What do you do when you spot a wild Trump in the election season? New York Times bestselling author and comedian Michael Ian Black has some sage advice for children (and all the rest of us who are scratching our heads in disbelief) in this perfectly timely parody picture book intended for adults that would be hysterical if it wasn t so true.The beasty is called an American Trump. Its skin is bright orange, its figure is plump. Its fur so complex you might get enveloped. Its hands though are, sadly, underdeveloped.The Trump is a curious creature, very often spotted in the wild, but confounding to our youngest citizens. A business mogul, reality TV host, and now political candidate? Kids (and let s be honest many adults) might have difficulty discerning just what this thing that s been dominating news coverage this election cycle is. Could he actually be real? Are those words coming out of his mouth? Why are his hands so tiny? And perhaps most importantly, what on earth do you do when you encounter an American Trump?With his signature wit and a classic picture book style, comedian Michael Ian Black introduces those unfamiliar with the Americus Trumpus to his distinguishing features and his mystifying campaign for world domination sorry President of the United States.Michael Ian Black is scheduled to appear in Boston at the Laugh House Nov. 9   11th.  You can contact the Laugh House at this number and let them know how you feel about them supporting Black at their venue: (617) 725-2844Black can also be found acting with an entire cast of rabid Trump-hating liberal actors on Netflix movie:  Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later,  and previously in  Wet Hot American Summer.",0
9257,WATCH: 3 PRESIDENTS Before Trump Promised To Move U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem,"On Tuesday, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California blasted President Trump for saying he would move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Feinstein claimed it would be a  terrible decision  even though she previously voted for the embassy to be moved. The hypocrisy of the left doesn t stop there Today, President Donald Trump announced that America formally recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital city, changing decades of U.S. policy in a brief afternoon speech and casting the move as a bid to preserve, not derail, aspirations for regional peace.The critics of Donald Trump attacked his decision. Meanwhile, the truth is, that for decades, some of the most beloved Democrats have used the promise of recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a way to get votes.In 1999, while campaigning for New York s US Senate seat, first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton said in a letter, that she considered Jerusalem to be the  eternal and indivisible capital of Israel  and will be an active advocate   if elected to New York s Senate seat   to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.In a letter that became public Thursday, Mrs. Clinton wrote:  If I am chosen by New Yorkers to be their senator, or in whatever position I find myself in the years to come, you can be sure that I will be an active, committed advocate for a strong and secure Israel, able to live in peace with its neighbors, with the United States Embassy located in its capital, Jerusalem. Hillary s not the only one to promise, that if elected, they would move heaven and earth to make Jerusalem the rightful capital of Israel. As it turns out, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama (twice) also made the same promise. The only problem is, none of them had the courage to do it.Watch:When President @realDonaldTrump announced that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, he fulfilled another campaign promise, in addition to those that go back 25 years . pic.twitter.com/P7M2dEx2qT  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) December 7, 2017Here s why our courageous president, Donald Trump was right to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel:Matthew Continetti of the Washington Free Beacon wrote the best article on Trump s bold decision to move the US embassy to Jerusalem that we have seen to date.Not only is President Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and begin the process of moving the U.S. embassy there one of the boldest moves of his presidency. It is one of the boldest moves any U.S. president has made since the beginning of the Oslo  peace process  in 1993. That process collapsed at Camp David in 2000 when Yasir Arafat rejected President Clinton s offer of a Palestinian state. And the process has been moribund ever since, despite multiple attempts to restart it.That is why the warnings from Trump critics that his decision may wreck the peace process ring hollow. There is no peace process to wreck. The conflict is frozen. And the largest barriers to the resumption of negotiations are found not in U.S. or Israeli policy but in Palestinian autocracy, corruption, and incitement. Have the former Obama administration officials decrying Trump s announcement read a newspaper lately? From listening to them, you d think it would be all roses and ponies in the Middle East but for Trump. In fact, the region is engulfed in war, terrorism, poverty, and despotism; Israel faces threats in the north and south; its sworn enemy, Iran, is growing in influence and reach; and the delegitimization of the Jewish State proceeds apace in international organizations and on college campuses. I forget how the Obama administration advanced the cause of peace by pressuring Israel while rewarding the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Maybe someone will remind me.One of the reasons the Middle East persists in its decrepit condition is that it has been, for decades, a playground of magical thinking. Whether it is believing that poverty is the cause of terrorism or that the Ayatollah Khamenei is a good-faith partner, whether it is imagining that Assad will go just because we tell him to or that ISIS is akin to a terrorist  JV team,  liberal internationalists have all too eagerly accepted an alternative picture of the Middle East that is much more flattering than the actuality. A similar form of doublethink is present in our discussions over Jerusalem. Every Israeli knows Jerusalem was, is, and will remain his capital. Every recent president has agreed with him. And the U.S. consensus has been bipartisan. The last four Democratic platforms have said the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. The Senate voted 90-0 only six months ago urging the embassy be moved to the ancient city. Were we to take seriously neither these platforms nor that vote? Was it all virtue-signaling, a bunch of empty gestures in the kabuki theater of U.S. diplomacy?It is a sign of the disingenuousness of American foreign policy that it required someone from outside this system to behave as if words have meaning. President Trump has no background in or admiration for the routines, manners, and norms of the U.S. foreign service, especially that part of it which specializes in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. This has enabled him to state unequivocally the fact others would prefer to avoid: Jerusalem is Israel s capital, full stop. His transactional nature also brought him to this fateful recognition. In March 2016, at the AIPAC policy conference, he pledged that  We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem.  His remarks today make clear his intention to fulfill that promise and to cement his support within the pro-Israel community.I wonder about the journalists and flacks and politicians criticizing this literal reading of U.S. law as  disruptive.  Have they not paid attention to this man? Donald Trump s purpose in office is to disrupt if not overturn the patterns of governance and ideological consensus that have dominated the U.S. capital for decades. In this sense, his Jerusalem policy is his presidency in microcosm. He is acting on a common sense appraisal of the world and satisfying the wishes of his supporters without regard to global or domestic elite opinion. What Trump knows more than the art of the deal is the art of the bluff and how to call one. By keeping his campaign promise today, he has called the bluff of everyone who thought the United States could have its cake and eat it too on the question of Israel s capital. And by moving our embassy to Jerusalem, the United States will acknowledge Israel s right to determine its own capital city. That is not something to condemn or fear. It is something to be proud of.",0
9258,"HANDPICKED SUCCESSOR And Son Of DISGRACED Lawmaker John Conyers Reportedly Body-Slammed, Spit Upon and Slit His Girlfriend With Knife","The disgraced Representative John Conyers (D-MI) was not about to quit his job as an elected official before he hand-selected his son as his successor. Never mind that his son has absolutely no experience in politics. His last name is  Conyers , and that s apparently enough for the 88-year old politician. But is that really all they need to know about the 27-year old son of the disgraced lawmaker and the former Detroit councilwoman, Monica Conyers, who was recently released from prison after serving 2 years of a 3-year term for bribery?  And should anyone be surprised by anything that comes out of the mouth of the 88-year old lawmaker, who, in 2010, was caught on video, as he brazenly read a Playboy magazine on a domestic flight in plain view of other passengers, and who has recently been accused by multiple women of either sexually assaulting or attempting to sexually assault them.  John Conyers III also has an interesting background.According to NBC News, on February Feb. 15, John Conyers was arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse but wasn t charged, after his girlfriend called the police. The unidentified woman said the younger Conyers accused her of cheating on him, then  body slammed her on the bed and then on the floor where he pinned her down and spit on her,  according to a district attorney s report quoted by NBC News. The woman claimed that Conyers III took her phone when she tried to call the police, he chased her into the kitchen and swung a knife at her, resulting in a cut on her arm.Conyers III asserted that the woman had been drinking and using marijuana and tried to throw him out of her home before they began pushing and shoving one another. He said she threatened him with a knife and cut herself as they struggled.NBC reported that the Los Angeles County District Attorney s Office chose not to move forward with the case, citing a  lack of independent witnesses  and investigators  conclusions that it  could not be proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the victim s injury was not accidentally sustained.    FOX NewsConyers III also likes to think of himself as a  rapper . He recently made this video where interestingly, he refers to his father as a f*cking player  : Conyers III also caused public headaches for his father in 2010.Chicago Tribune   In 2010, MLive.com reported that John Conyers III was cited for speeding in his father s Cadillac Escalade   or rather, the government-leased vehicle his father used as a member of Congress.There were also reports that year that the younger Conyers had driven the vehicle to a rap concert and that it was broken into, according to MLive.com. The then-20-year-old reported to police that two laptops had been stolen from the Cadillac, along with tens of thousands of dollars worth of concert tickets.After the incident, the elder Conyers apologized.",0
9259,COMEDIAN LENA DUNHAM WARNED Hillary’s Campaign “Harvey Weinstein’s A RAPIST”…What Clinton’s Campaign Did Next Is Disgusting,"Actress Lena Dunham said she warned Hillary Clinton s campaign about disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and was uncomfortable with his presence during the 2016 presidential campaign, according to a report out Tuesday.The  Girls  star told The New York Times that she heard stories about Weinstein from other actresses who claimed they had troubling interactions with him, so in March of 2016 she warned Clinton campaign deputy communications manager Kristina Schake about him. I just want you to let you know that Harvey s a rapist and this is going to come out at some point,  Dunham said she told the campaign.  I think it s a really bad idea for him to host fund-raisers and be involved because it s an open secret in Hollywood that he has a problem with sexual assault. Dunham, who has professed  an incredible allegiance to Hillary,  claimed Schake told her she d relay the message to campaign manager Robby Mook, but that she was surprised at the warning.The controversial actress said she also told another Clinton campaign member, spokeswoman Adrienne Elrod, about Weinstein. Dunham said  the campaign had not responded to her concerns  about the disgraced megaproducer, who s been accused of sexually assaulting or harassing more than 100 women.Weinstein donated thousands of dollars to Clinton s political campaigns over the years, and it took the former secretary of state five days to break her silence following the accusations made against him. I was shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein,  the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said in a statement through campaign communications director Nick Merrill.  The behavior described by women coming forward cannot be tolerated. Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior.   Fox News ",0
9260,"NOT GETTING What You Want for Christmas? Don’t Worry, This Hillary Tree Topper has an Excuse for it!","Yes, this is real These Hillary supporters are officially a cult!Those looking to celebrate  Resist-mas  now have the perfect accessory: a Hillary Clinton tree topper.The newly-released 3D-sculpted ornament features the former first lady  in her iconic power suit with angelic wings.  The tree topper sells for $107 for a standard-size tree and more than $900 for a tree taller than 10 feet.U.K.-based Women to Look Up To is selling the item, along with similar ones to honor Beyonce and Serena Williams:Celebrating Women On TopThe Christmas Angel, Fairy, Tree Topper, by whatever name you call her, is a woman from a bygone era; a woman made of no more than plastic and glitter. No wonder, when the Victorians invented her!The old dame was due a modern makeover, so we thought why not venerate the real women inspiring us in 2017. Women leading politics, culture, business, who are worthy of wings  the likes of Serena Williams, Beyonc , and a woman voted for by you. 3D sculpted and printed from the highest grade 3D plaster in a range of sizes to suit your tree. These hand finished Angelic Women know how to steal the show in your home, at the Christmas Party, or in grand public spaces.This is a not-for-profit organization with any profits reinvested in projects to further female equality, read more about our plans here.Critics of President Trump have started the Resist-mas movement on social media this month. The Clinton tree topper generated plenty of reaction:Not getting what you want for Christmas? Don't worry, this Hillary tree topper has an excuse for it! It will blame:Misogyny RacismHomophobiaIslamaphobiaJames ComeyRussiaBernie SandersWikileaksDeplorable elvesand so much more  pic.twitter.com/PvPMEz0Qug  Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) December 6, 2017Twitch Tweeted:Yes, Virginia, there is a Hillary Clinton Christmas tree topper https://t.co/sFssFrfP01  Twitchy Team (@TwitchyTeam) December 5, 2017",0
9261,WHY TRUMP IS RIGHT To Recognize Jerusalem As Israel’s Capital,"After it was announced that President Trump was seriously considering moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, he was roundly criticized by the anti-Trump media. Today, Democrats have announced they are drawing up the impeachment papers. Pope Francis appealed to President Trump to reconsider his decision so as not to offend anyone. In his appeal, Pope Francis said,  Jerusalem is a unique city, sacred to Jews, Christians, and Muslims who venerate the holy places of their respective religions, and has a special vocation to peace.   And yawn in Gaza, where the more things change, the more they stay the same, Palestinians burned the U.S. and Israeli flags.The media will try to make everyone believe that Palestinians loved us when Obama was President, even though there is no truth to that fantasy. (See image below)Daily Mail   President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that America formally recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital city, changing decades of U.S. policy in a brief afternoon speech and casting the move as a bid to preserve, not derail, aspirations for regional peace.Appearing in the White House s Diplomatic Reception Room against an elaborate backdrop of Christmas decorations, He also said the United States embassy in Israel would, over time, be moved there from Tel Aviv.Israel is the only country where the United States has an embassy in a city that the host nation does not consider its capital. I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,  Trump said.  While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today I am delivering. When I came into office I promised to look at the world s challenges with open eyes and very fresh thinking,  he said, leaning heavily on a mid-1990s federal law that demanded the embassy s relocation. We have declined to acknowledge any Israeli capital   at all,  Trump added.  But today we finally acknowledge the obvious, that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. This is nothing more or less than a recognition of reality. It is also the right thing to do. It is something that has to be done. Matthew Continetti of the Washington Free Beacon seems to think so. Continetti wrote the best piece on Trump s bold decision to move the embassy that we have seen to date.Not only is President Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and begin the process of moving the U.S. embassy there one of the boldest moves of his presidency. It is one of the boldest moves any U.S. president has made since the beginning of the Oslo  peace process  in 1993. That process collapsed at Camp David in 2000 when Yasir Arafat rejected President Clinton s offer of a Palestinian state. And the process has been moribund ever since, despite multiple attempts to restart it.That is why the warnings from Trump critics that his decision may wreck the peace process ring hollow. There is no peace process to wreck. The conflict is frozen. And the largest barriers to the resumption of negotiations are found not in U.S. or Israeli policy but in Palestinian autocracy, corruption, and incitement. Have the former Obama administration officials decrying Trump s announcement read a newspaper lately? From listening to them, you d think it would be all roses and ponies in the Middle East but for Trump. In fact, the region is engulfed in war, terrorism, poverty, and despotism; Israel faces threats in the north and south; its sworn enemy, Iran, is growing in influence and reach; and the delegitimization of the Jewish State proceeds apace in international organizations and on college campuses. I forget how the Obama administration advanced the cause of peace by pressuring Israel while rewarding the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Maybe someone will remind me.A similar form of doublethink is present in our discussions over Jerusalem. Every Israeli knows Jerusalem was, is, and will remain his capital. Every recent president has agreed with him. And the U.S. consensus has been bipartisan. The last four Democratic platforms have said the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. The Senate voted 90-0 only six months ago urging the embassy be moved to the ancient city. Were we to take seriously neither these platforms nor that vote? Was it all virtue-signaling, a bunch of empty gestures in the kabuki theater of U.S. diplomacy?It is a sign of the disingenuousness of American foreign policy that it required someone from outside this system to behave as if words have meaning. President Trump has no background in or admiration for the routines, manners, and norms of the U.S. foreign service, especially that part of it which specializes in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. This has enabled him to state unequivocally the fact others would prefer to avoid: Jerusalem is Israel s capital, full stop. His transactional nature also brought him to this fateful recognition. In March 2016, at the AIPAC policy conference, he pledged that  We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem.  His remarks today make clear his intention to fulfill that promise and to cement his support within the pro-Israel community.I wonder about the journalists and flacks and politicians criticizing this literal reading of U.S. law as  disruptive.  Have they not paid attention to this man? Donald Trump s purpose in office is to disrupt if not overturn the patterns of governance and ideological consensus that have dominated the U.S. capital for decades. In this sense, his Jerusalem policy is his presidency in microcosm. He is acting on a common sense appraisal of the world and satisfying the wishes of his supporters without regard to global or domestic elite opinion. What Trump knows more than the art of the deal is the art of the bluff and how to call one. By keeping his campaign promise today, he has called the bluff of everyone who thought the United States could have its cake and eat it too on the question of Israel s capital. And by moving our embassy to Jerusalem, the United States will acknowledge Israel s right to determine its own capital city. That is not something to condemn or fear. It is something to be proud of. ",0
9262,SECRETARY OF STATE REX TILLERSON Shuts Down Obnoxious Press Asking Why He ‘Puts Up With’ Trump [Video],"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson just shut down the obnoxious press. He responded to rumors of tension with President Donald Trump and reports that the White House is planning to push him out of his position, telling reporters that they need to  get some new sources.  BOOM!Tillerson s no nonsense style hit this reporter right between the eyes:Tillerson s comments came during a press conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels, where Associated Press reporter Josh Lederman asked the nation s top diplomat why he has not quit amid multiple reports, citing Trump administration officials, that the White House has developed a plan to oust Tillerson and replace him with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who in turn would be replaced by Republican Sen. Tom Cotton (Ark.). On several occasions, the president has publicly undermined your diplomatic efforts,  Lederman said.  In recent days, White House officials have said that you are going to be pushed out. And these are not media inventions; these are coming from the White House. Many Americans see these efforts as humiliating to you,  Lederman continued.  You have had an illustrious career. Why do you put up with it? Why don t you quit? The press keeps pushing but they re not getting answers from Tillerson who had been rumored to be leaving the Trump administration in January. The problem with this reporter asking is not what he asked but how he asked it. Rude!",0
9263,BARACK OBAMA GOES THERE…Compares President Trump To Hitler In Front Of Chicago Audience,"Crains Chicago Business   American democracy is fragile, and unless care is taken it could follow the path of Nazi Germany in the 1930s.Mixed in with many softer comments, that was the somewhat jaw-dropping bottom line of Barack Obama last night as, in a Q&A session before the Economic Club of Chicago, the Chicagoan who used to be president dropped a bit of red meat to a hometown crowd that likely is a lot closer to him than the man whose name never was mentioned: President Donald Trump.Obama s comments came after a series of playful questions from moderator and Ariel Investments President Mellody Hobson in the great Batman vs. Superman debate, for instance, we learned Obama sides with Batman before she eventually asked him what he s learned as a world citizen of sorts.One thing he s learned is that  things don t happen internationally if we don t put our shoulder to the wheel,  Obama said, speaking of the U.S.  No other country has the experience and bandwith and ideals. . . .If the U.S. doesn t do it, it s not going to happen. Obama gave one specific example, but it was a solid one: Ebola. To fight the virus the U.S. did everything from build an airport tarmac in Africa to send in medical teams and ferry medicos from other countries.  We probably saved a million lives by doing that,  he said.At least indirectly, those comments could be seen as criticism of Trump, whose foreign policy focuses on an  America first  paradigm that critics say distracts from this country s unique role.Obama moved from that to talking about a nativist mistrust and unease that has swept around the world. He argued that such things as the speed of technical change and the uneven impact of globalization have come too quickly to be absorbed in many cultures, bringing strange new things and people to areas in which  people didn t (used to) challenge your assumptions.  As a result,  nothing feels solid,  he said.  Sadly, there s something in us that looks for simple answers when we re agitated. Still, the U.S. has survived tough times before and will again, he noted, particularly mentioning the days of communist fighter Joseph McCarthy and former President Richard Nixon. But one reason the country survived is because it had a free press to ask questions, Obama added. Though he has problems with the media just like Trump has had,  what I understood was the principle that the free press was vital. The danger is  grow(ing) complacent,  Obama said.  We have to tend to this garden of democracy or else things could fall apart quickly. That s what happened in Germany in the 1930s which, despite the democracy of the Weimar Republic and centuries of high-level cultural and scientific achievements, Adolph Hitler rose to dominate, Obama noted.  Sixty million people died. . . .So, you ve got to pay attention. And vote. ",0
9264,KATIE HOPKINS WARNS AMERICANS Of Grave Danger Ahead: “Do Not Let This Great Country Become The United Kingdom” [VIDEO],"Former British Army officer, outspoken, conservative, radio and tv talk show host, Katie Hopkins warned Americans to fight back against the appeasement and political correctness in the United States of America.British conservative icon, Katie Hopkins gave a blistering speech about the dangers of political correctness and appeasement at the David Horowitz Restoration weekend in Palm Beach, Florida. Look at us, let us be a warning. Be better than us. I ve watched my country fall apart, and I want to warn others before they let their country do the same. And believe me, I love my country. Katie touched on many topics that most Americans are afraid to address. Hopkins reveals a horrifying story of a Muslim woman, who along with her boyfriend, was recently sentenced to prison, after a plot to behead Hopkins was uncovered. Hopkins also shares horrifying stories of multiple British citizens who have lost their lives, their limbs or suffer serious scars, as a result of acts of jihad against them by Muslim immigrants in their homeland of  Great Britain, after their nation welcomed them in with open arms. Do not allow America to fall as Europe has fallen, Hopkins told the crowd.Hopkins started out her speech with her usual biting and politically incorrect humor, by assuring the crowd she is not the outspoken, gay, conservative Milo Yiannopoulis. She then assured the audience that she was not gay simply because she wears her short. In fact, Hopkins calls herself a minority in London, because she s a white, married, mother of three, telling the audience that she s now on the  extinct list  in the UK.Hopkins tells of the time she spent in the migrant camps in Calais and tells horrifying stories of how the workers conform to the rule of Islam, so as not to offend the migrants they are taking care of. She tells a story of a mother who dresses her young daughter as a son, so the migrant men don t come into their tent to rape her daughter at night.  Hopkins admitted that she was  naive , and that she quickly realized,  Migrants don t come for a new life and leave their old life behind. They bring them with them. All the old conflicts from back home. The Eritreans hate the Somalis who hate the Afghanis who don t speak to the Libyans. And they re still fighting. They come, they do not start a new life, they bring their conflicts from back home. Watch Hopkins powerful speech here (some language may be offensive):",0
9265,HYPOCRISY: DEMOCRAT SENATOR Criticizes President Trump For Moving U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem After She Voted To Move U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem,"You just can t make up stories like these Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.) on Tuesday castigated the idea of moving the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, saying it would be a  terrible decision  despite previously voting for the embassy move to take place. Reports indicate the president will move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,  the California senator tweeted.  I wrote him last week to explain why that would be a terrible decision. In an attached letter to Trump dated Dec. 1, Feinstein wrote that moving the embassy would  spark violence and embolden extremists on both sides of this debate. Here is the tweet:Reports indicate the president will move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. I wrote him last week to explain why that would be a terrible decision. pic.twitter.com/MV1o73nyDk  Sen Dianne Feinstein (@SenFeinstein) December 5, 2017The California Democrat stressed that the U.S. must remain neutral in the debate over Jerusalem s status, and that moving the U.S. embassy there or recognizing the city as the capital of Israel would  undermine any remaining hope for a two-state solution. Feinstein s tweet came on the same day that President Donald Trump told Israeli and Arab leaders that he plans to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the embassy there. Trump is expected to announce his decision on Wednesday.Moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem would be in line with a law that Congress passed in 1995 requiring  the relocation of the United States embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.  The measure, which also called for the U.S. to recognize the city as the undivided capital of Israel, passed the Senate by an overwhelming 93-5 margin.Among the senators who voted for the initial Jerusalem Embassy Act was one Dianne Feinstein.Feinstein actually played a key role in getting the bill passed by inserting a provision that would allow the president to issue a waiver to delay the embassy move six months at a time, if the president determined it was in the U.S. national security interest.Feinstein s move led 10 additional Democratic members to support the bill, giving it a veto-proof majority.Via: WFB",0
9266,SARA CARTER Drops Shocker On Why A Shake-Up Is Eminent At The FBI [Video],"Sara Carter has been right on everything she s reported on with the Mueller investigation. She s a gem of a reporter who does the hard work that so many other journalists just don t. She tells why she believes the FBI will have a major shake-up soon there are 27 leakers that the IG is looking at! Yes, 27 leakers!Sara Carter: We re going to see parts of that report before December (end of the month). We re going to see other parts of his report coming out after January. And they re looking at Peter Strzok. They re looking at Comey. They re looking at 27 leakers. It would not surprise me if there was a shake-up at the FBI and a housecleaning.Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch is another incredible researcher and stubborn investigator. Thank goodness for all of the FOIA requests and lawsuits he s filed to force information to come out of the FBI and DOJ. His latest discovery is an explosive email that exposes anti-Trump Mueller operatives:THANK GOODNESS FOR JUDICIAL WATCH! They pushed for emails from the DOJ and got a treasure trove of incriminating evidence of anti-Trump bias. Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said it best when he said the email is an  astonishing and disturbing find A top prosecutor who is now a deputy for Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe praised then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates (see more on Yates below) after she was fired in January by President Trump for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban.The email, obtained by Judicial Watch through a federal lawsuit, shows that on the night of Jan. 30, Andrew Weissmann wrote to Yates under the subject line,  I am so proud. He continued,  And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects. The disclosure follows confirmation that another Mueller investigator, FBI official Peter Strzok, was fired over the summer after allegedly sending anti-Trump texts to an FBI lawyer with whom he was romantically involved.His alleged actions revived concerns about the objectivity of the FBI probes of both Hillary Clinton s email setup and Russia election meddling.Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the new Weissmann document an  astonishing and disturbing find. Andrew Weisman, a key prosecutor on Robert Mueller s team, praised Obama DOJ holdover Sally Yates after she lawlessly thwarted President Trump,  he said in a statement.  How much more evidence do we need that the Mueller operation has been irredeemably compromised by anti-Trump partisans? CATHERINE HERRIDGE:DOJ POLITICAL HACK SALLY YATES YOU RE FIRED! The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States. This order was approved as to form and legality by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel.Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration.It is time to get serious about protecting our country. Calling for tougher vetting for individuals travelling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country.Tonight, President Trump relieved Ms. Yates of her duties and subsequently named Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to serve as Acting Attorney General until Senator Jeff Sessions is finally confirmed by the Senate, where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  said Dana Boente, Acting Attorney General.",0
9267,JUST IN: UK LEADER Who Criticized President Trump For Tweeting About ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS Is Victim Of Assassination Plot By ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS,"According to CNN  UK Prime Minister Theresa May delivered a rare public admonishment to US President Donald Trump on Thursday, declaring that he was  wrong  to share anti-Muslim videos posted online by a  hateful  British far-right group.May, facing intense pressure to cancel a planned state visit by Trump, was forced to address the controversy in person after the President criticized her on Twitter. But she insisted the US-UK relationship would survive the storm, and suggested the visit by Trump would go ahead.As the extraordinary diplomatic clash stretched into a second day, the British ambassador to the US revealed he had expressed concerns to the White House about the affair. Trump also faced an unprecedented barrage of criticism in UK Parliament, where MPs variously called him  racist,   fascist  and  evil.  Some suggested he should quit Twitter.Donald Trump responded to Theresa May s criticism of his Britain First retweets by tweeting back to her: Theresa@theresamay, don t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! Many, including us, wonder if British Prime Minister Theresa May is still feeling the same way about Islamic extremists in the UK after her own life was threatened by the same group of people she attempted to defend last week.Less than one week later, British Intelligence announced that they ve foiled a plot by Islamic extremists to assassinate Prime Minister Theresa May.The disrupted plot against May included an explosive device that terrorists planned to detonate in front of May s residence on Downing Street, according to Sky News. It is in essence an extreme Islamist suicide plot against Downing Street,  Sky correspondent Martin Brunt said. Essentially police believe that the plan was to launch some sort of improvised explosive device at Downing Street and in the ensuing chaos attack and kill Theresa May, the Prime Minister. Sky s Crime Correspondent Martin Brunt said:  It s the latest in a number of terror plots that police and MI5 believe they ve foiled this year. I understand that the head of MI5, Andrew Parker, briefed Cabinet ministers today, such is the seriousness of what they believed they have uncovered. It is in essence an extreme Islamist suicide plot against Downing Street. Essentially police believe that the plan was to launch some sort of improvised explosive device at Downing Street and in the ensuing chaos attack and kill Theresa May, the Prime Minister. This is something which has been pursued over several weeks at least by Scotland Yard, MI5 and West Midlands Police. It came to a head last week with the arrest of two men, by armed police, who were charged with preparing acts of terrorism. Naa imur Zakariyah Rahman, 20, from north London and Mohammed Aqib Imran, 21, from south-east Birmingham are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates  Court on terror charges on Wednesday morning.On Tuesday MI5 revealed that it had prevented nine terror attacks in the UK in the past year but several attackers have still got through.The plot was just one in a number of planned attacks this year that cops and British security services have been able to prevent, Sky said.It was not clear Tuesday night what stage the plot was in or if any suspects have been arrested.  NYP ",0
9268,SARAH SANDERS Asked If Trump Visiting Civil Rights Museum Is ‘Insulting’…She Drops Truth Bomb [Video],"Sarah Sanders announced during the White House press briefing Tuesday that President Trump would visit Mississippi this weekend. On his trip, Trump will participate in the grand opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. Sanders was asked later in the briefing if Trump s visit to the civil rights museum was a good idea. American Urban Radio reporter April Ryan asked about various members of the NAACP and black ministers who are protesting the visit. .@PressSec on @POTUS's statement regarding Charlottesville violence in August: ""I think @POTUS got his statement very clear when he condemned all forms of racism, bigotry, and violence. There's no gray area there "" pic.twitter.com/1OCs4W48Pq  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 5, 2017 There are comments from people from the NAACP from black ministers who are planning on protesting and boycotting this weekend for the president s visit to the Civil Rights Museum. What say you?  Ryan asked.Sanders called the planned protests to Trump s visit  sad,  saying:I think that would be honestly very sad. I think this is something that should bring the country together, to celebrate the opening of this museum and highlighting civil rights movement and the progress that we ve made and I would hope those individuals join in instead of protesting. Ryan continued her questioning, asking if Trump s statement on the riots in Charlottesville would be seen as an  insult  to those in attendance. Ryan said  They take it as an insult that he s coming. As we ve had issues of Charlottesville. The president didn t get his statement straight on Charlottesville Sanders cut Ryan off, slamming the door on the line of questioning:I think he s statement was very clear. He made it very clear. He s against violence and bigotry.After the riots in Charlottesville, Trump said:We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.VIA: DAILY CALLER ",0
9269,JOHN BOLTON GETS IT: ‘This is the First Attempted Coup D’etat in America’s History’…Who’s Behind It? [Video],"Ambassador Bolton gets it! He and so many others see what s going on and how the left is trying to destroy the Trump administration Ambassador Bolton: They are trying to prove the administration is illegitimate.Lou Dobbs: That s what you can see.Ambassador Bolton: They are the ones who are illegitimate  The Wall Street Journal says this is the first coup d tat in American History. It s a mini coup d tat but it goes right along with the idea that they should have won the election.. And one recalls the famous scene in the debate where during the debates where, I believe it was Chris Wallace, who asked both candidates if you lose will you accept the result LOU DOBBS  WHO S BEHIND IT? THIS IS HUGE! Lou Dobbs joined Sean Hannity to discuss the constant effort to destroy President Trump. Dobbs has mentioned a coup before (SEE BELOW) but is doubling down on his concern that the deep state and lefty media are in a full court press to get Trump out of office ASAP.Lou Dobbs had this to say about the effort to destroy Trump: The double standard is more than that by a long measure. This is an effort to subvert the administration of President Donald Trump. It is nothing less. It is an effort by the Deep State to roll over a duly elected president and a legitimate government and to break the will of the American people. This is no longer about Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals, this is about a full-on assault by the left, the Democratic party to absolutely carry out a coup d etat against President Trump.LOU DOBBS AND  CLINTON CASH  AUTHOR DISCUSS THE  DEEP STATE  AND THE EFFORT TO TAKE DOWN TRUMP: Never in American history has there been a more highly organized group of people, the  deep state , attempting to subvert the will of the American people, in this case, the Trump presidency. Peter Schweizer discusses the efforts of the  deep state , their conspiracy campaign against Donald Trump and its  potential impact on President Trump s administration.TAKE NOTES AND CALL OUT YOUR CONGRESSMEN IF THEY RE NOT SUPPORTING PRESIDENT TRUMP!",0
9270,BREAKING NEWS: Leftist Media Publishes Major Fake Russian Story AGAIN…Special Counsel Mueller NEVER Subpoenaed Trump’s Deutsche Bank Records,"How many times in one week can ABC News publish fake Russian collusion stories and still be considered a reliable source of news? ABC News suspended Brian Ross after he made a false report about Trump directing his NSA Michael Flynn to meet with the Russians during his campaign. After the Stock Market lost 350 points, ABC News was forced to admit that Trump s discussion about meeting with the Russian Ambassador took place while Flynn was part of Trump s transition team and not when Trump was a candidate.Yesterday, ABC News tweeted a story about Paul Manafort, saying that he was working with a Russian Intelligence-connected official. They were forced to tweet a correction seveal hours later , stating that the person Manafort met with was not an official  but instead, an  individual .  Big difference Today, ABC News jumped on the rabid lefitst media bandwagon again today to report that Special Counsel Robert Muller had supbeonaed Deutsche Bank for Trump s financial records. That story also turned out to be fake news.John Roberts of FOX News reports: A source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller s office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump financesA source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller's office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump finances  John Roberts (@johnrobertsFox) December 5, 2017President Trump s legal team is pushing back against reports that Special Counsel Robert Mueller has called on Deutsche Bank to submit data pertaining to its client relationship with President Trump as part of his investigation into alleged Russian election meddling. We have confirmed that the news reports that the special counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false,  said Jay Sekulow, a member of Trump s legal team.  No subpoena has been issued or received. We have confirmed this with the bank and other sources. Bloomberg, citing an unnamed source, reported that Mueller is seeking information on the German lender and its relationship with Trump and his family. Trump reportedly owes the bank $300 million.  Fox News",0
9271,MUELLER TOP PROSECUTOR Praised DOJ Official for Defying Trump Travel Ban [Video],"THANK GOODNESS FOR JUDICIAL WATCH! They pushed for emails from the DOJ and got a treasure trove of incriminating evidence of anti-Trump bias. Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said it best when he said the email is an  astonishing and disturbing find A top prosecutor who is now a deputy for Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe praised then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates (see more on Yates below) after she was fired in January by President Trump for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban.The email, obtained by Judicial Watch through a federal lawsuit, shows that on the night of Jan. 30, Andrew Weissmann wrote to Yates under the subject line,  I am so proud. He continued,  And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects. The disclosure follows confirmation that another Mueller investigator, FBI official Peter Strzok, was fired over the summer after allegedly sending anti-Trump texts to an FBI lawyer with whom he was romantically involved.His alleged actions revived concerns about the objectivity of the FBI probes of both Hillary Clinton s email setup and Russia election meddling.Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the new Weissmann document an  astonishing and disturbing find. Andrew Weisman, a key prosecutor on Robert Mueller s team, praised Obama DOJ holdover Sally Yates after she lawlessly thwarted President Trump,  he said in a statement.  How much more evidence do we need that the Mueller operation has been irredeemably compromised by anti-Trump partisans? CATHERINE HERRIDGE:DOJ POLITICAL HACK SALLY YATES YOU RE FIRED! The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States. This order was approved as to form and legality by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel.Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration.It is time to get serious about protecting our country. Calling for tougher vetting for individuals travelling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country.Tonight, President Trump relieved Ms. Yates of her duties and subsequently named Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to serve as Acting Attorney General until Senator Jeff Sessions is finally confirmed by the Senate, where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  said Dana Boente, Acting Attorney General.",0
9272,THE DOJ TOOK $7 MILLION TAXPAYER DOLLARS AND STARTED A BONFIRE…’Russian Meddling’ Probe Goes off The Rails,"The DOJ is reporting that they basically took American taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire with it In light of the fact that key investigators are severely compromised, this case is just a witch hunt that s gone off the rails. A few key details about the fired anti-Trump investigator who wasn t fired but moved to Human Resources by Comey:Peter Strzok sent anti-Trump messages to his  girlfriend   aka mistress then was just moved to HR. He s a part of the Comey/McCabe group. He handled the Fake Trump Dossier inside the FBI alongside McCabe. He was hand-picked by Comey to run the Hillary e-mail investigation. He was also hand-picked by Mueller for the senior investigative staff. Coincidences like this simply don t exist .BURNING YOUR HARD-EARNED DOLLARS:The Department of Justice revealed on Tuesday that nearly $7 million has been spent so far on the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.The costs cover a five-month period from May 17, when the Department of Justice appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel for the Russia investigation, to Sept. 30, the end of the fiscal year, CNN reports.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosentstein authorized the budget for the probe.The expenditures can be divided into two main categories: approximately $3.2 million spent by Mueller, and an additional $3.5 million spent on other Department of Justice components to support the investigation, including investigators from the FBI. Tuesday s revelation marks the first time the public has learned about how much taxpayer money has been spent on the Russia investigation.Congress has also been investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election, with multiple congressional committees conducting their own probes in both the House and Senate.Mueller s investigation has so far resulted in President Donald Trump s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, pleading guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., and the indictment of Trump s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, along with a longtime business associate.",0
9273,PELOSI TWEETS to California Republicans: ‘You don’t belong here’…Is Immediately Destroyed On Twitter,"Nancy Pelosi just embarrassed herself by saying the Republican tax cuts are  The end of the world  (see below) and now this:Nancy Pelosi decided to tell California Republicans they  don t belong  and was immediately trashed on twitter: I want every single California Republican to understand this. Your ideology doesn t come first. Your party doesn t come first. The PEOPLE come first. If you fail to recognize that, you don t belong here. I want every single California Republican to understand this. Your ideology doesn t come first. Your party doesn t come first. The PEOPLE come first. If you fail to recognize that, you don t belong here. https://t.co/xjbyOTI2MC  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) December 5, 2017Pelosi was immediately hit with responses:Shut up, clown. We have a homeless crisis here, our kids are stepping in human feces and junkies needles, There s tent cities under freeway overpasses, public domains, and public streets from San Diego to San Francisco  you don t give a damn about  people  https://t.co/uNwCHD7CRt  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) December 5, 2017Hysterical video of the Chuck and Nancy show:The Chuck and Nancy show pic.twitter.com/mQums9x8y3  Mike (@Fuctupmind) December 5, 2017Sorry California, you have a very bitter representative. Starting a tweet attacking an entire party in your state and then claiming people come first either means she is confused or doesn't see Republicans as people.California you can do better.  Paleo Libertarian (@bolderthanu) December 5, 2017Third generation Californian weighs in:Don t EVER tell me, as a 3rd generation Californian where I belong I ll go where ever I damn well please within the US & CA this is not your country (CA)  Greg Orr (@Gregorr22) December 5, 2017PELOSI GOES OFF ABOUT TAX CUTS:Nancy Pelosi just got even more embarrassing than ever She pulled the drama card while commenting on the tax cuts: No this is the end of the world. The debate on health care is life or death. This is Armegeddon! This is a really big deal. Because you know why? It s really hard to come back from this This has been the way Pelosi has behaved lately OUR RECENT REPORT ON PELOSI: Nancy Pelosi spoke for less than 8 minutes to the LBJ Foundation on Wednesday, but some attendees may have left the event wondering what is wrong with the House Minority Leader. She was seen repeating words, having trouble speaking and botched  Lyndon Baines Johnson  twice.OUR PREVIOUS REPORTS ON PELOSI S ANTICS: Another brain freeze moment from Nancy Pelosi Why does she do this to herself? She continues to be the poster child for term limits!Comedian James Corden challenged Pelosi to say something nice about several prominent Republicans but he asked last about Trump Say one nice thing about Paul Ryan,  Corden said, holding up a picture of the Speaker of the House.After some awkward silence, Pelosi acknowledged that Ryan is  a gentleman. Corden followed up with Ted Cruz. Memorized the Constitution,  Pelosi said.  That s a good thing. It s a good thing, it s not a nice thing about him,  Corden persisted. Ok, Ted Cruz, good father,  Pelosi replied. Ok, time for the big dog,  Corden said, pulling out a picture of Trump.  Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump? Flag pin,  Pelosi said, pointing to the pin on Trump s lapel. I don t know that that counts,  Corden said,  That s not about Donald Trump, he probably didn t even put that on himself. Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump?  he repeated.Several seconds later, Pelosi replied:  I hope so. I hope I can. But not today?  Corden said. President,  Pelosi said after another long pause.  He s president. You can t think of one nice thing to say about him?  Corden prodded. He s nice to me,  Pelosi said. Is he? Is he respectful?  Corden said. Yeah, respectful,  Pelosi said. Read more: American Mirror",0
9274,PRESIDENT TRUMP Goes Shopping…He’s a Hit!,"The photos from President Trump s visit to the food storehouse for LDS families in need are great. President Donald Trump created quite a stir when he pushed a shopping cart down a food aisle at the LDS Church Bishops  Central Storehouse in Salt Lake City.The state-of-the-art facility from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was built to better enable the church to help families in need.THUMBS UP! This is very exciting for me,  Trump added.  I know so many people that are in your church, the Latter-day Saints. The job you ve done is beyond anything you could think of   taking care of people the way you take care of people and the respect that you have all over the world. CHECKING HIS LISTTrump said Monday that he s pressing Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who accompanied the president on his visit, to run for an eighth term, but when asked if he was trying to block Mitt Romney from running for the seat, the president was complimentary of the former GOP presidential nominee. He s a good man. Mitt s a good man,  he said, according to the Deseret News. But, without a doubt, the best part of the visit was photographs of Trump wheeling the full cart of food",0
9275,JUST IN: AS ANOTHER ACCUSER COMES FORWARD…JohnConyers Makes Major Announcement…It’s Not What The Media Expected,"What pushed Democrat Congressman John Conyers to resign instead of just announce he would retire at the end of his term?The Detroit Free Press reports another accuser came forward just last night:The most recent, Elisa Grubbs, made accusations against Conyers on Monday night, saying in a statement that Conyers put his hand up her skirt at a church, among other allegations.As late as Tuesday morning, there were reports that Conyers would fight on, choosing to remain in office til the end of his current term and then retire in early 2019. But speaking on Mildred Gaddis  show on WPZR-FM (102.7), Conyers said he was resigning.FORCED TO RESIGN:Facing a rising chorus of voices demanding he step down because of sexual harassment claims, U.S. Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Detroit, resigned the seat he has held for more than five decades, a swift and crushing fall from grace for a civil rights icon and the longest-serving active member of Congress.ENDORSES HIS SON TO REPLACE HIM:Saying he was finalizing his plans for retirement, Conyers added he would endorse his son, John Conyers III, to replace him Congress. My legacy can t be compromised or dimished in any way by what we re going through now. This too shall pass.   My legacy will continue through my children,  Conyers told Mildred Gaddis on her Detroit radio show.As for the accusations against him, Conyers said,  They re not accurate, they re not true and they re something I can t explain where they came from. Conyers, 88, resigned two weeks after an article on BuzzFeed.com detailed a secret settlement of more than $27,000 with former staffer, MARION BROWN who accused him of making sexual advances toward her and paying her out of funds from his taxpayer-supported office.MARION BROWN CAME FORWARD WITH SHOCKING DETAILS:The descriptions below of what went on at the office of Rep. John Conyers will make your blood boil. He felt entitled to treat the women in his office like he owned them in every way. It s pretty disgusting.We re still waiting to hear what s going to happen with Conyers. Democrat leaders have called for him to resign but his lawyer has been pushing back trying to make the accuser look bad. He treads a fine line with his threats to the accuser and to others in D.C. We re hoping he spills the beans on the others who have used our tax dollars to pay off sexual harassment victims.Marion Brown, a former staff member whose accusations have sparked the scandal surrounding embattled U.S. Rep. John Conyers, described in an interview Thursday how the Detroit congressman allegedly created a hostile work environment for his female staffers and, at times, pressed her for sexual favors, particularly when his wife was away. He owns you when you are there,  Brown said in the interview with Stephen Henderson, host of  Detroit Today  on WDET-FM (101.9) and editorial page editor at the Free Press. At one time, it was said amongst staff members  females  that he thinks that his initials, J.C., stand for Jesus Christ,  she said.Brown said Conyers would  invite me to a hotel in the guise of business, and then it turns into something else.   And this happened too often. And that was throughout. She said the sexual advances intensified whenever his wife, Monica Conyers, was out of town. He seemed to have taken on the attitude that  I m gonna go for it now. My wife s away, and I have these needs and I m going to call you up in the middle of the night,   Brown said. I know it s because he decided that he wanted to stop the hunting game,  Brown said.  He had no more interest in trying to persuade and seduce me into, you know, sex  or being his side piece. During that interview, she shared details of Conyers  alleged sexual advances toward her, including how Conyers in 2005 allegedly invited her to his Chicago hotel room and, while in his underwear, pointed to his genitals and asked her to  touch it. ",0
9276,TUCKER CALLS OUT CLINTON ADVISER: That is a ‘cover up’ [Video],"Tucker Carlson had an intense debate with Clinton adviser and paid spokesliar Richard Goodstein tonight about whether the recent commotion about fired anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok exposes the political double standard at the FBI:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Double StandardTucker: the FBI seems to have one standard for Hillary, and one for everyone else.Posted by Tucker Carlson on Monday, December 4, 2017Mediaite reports:The Fox host s A-block tonight gravitated around the news that Robert Mueller removed Strzok from the special counsel investigation after indications showed the FBI agent working with pro-Clinton, anti-Trump leanings. Carlson and Goldstein argued this by comparing Clinton and Flynn s respective lies, and whether the FBI ever tried to lead Clinton into a perjury trap like Carlson insisted that they did with Flynn. There s a double standard,  Carlson insisted.  [Flynn s] name is tarnished for life because he lied in his conversation with FBI agents. Hillary Clinton got a special deal where she was not speaking under oath to FBI agents. Who gets that deal? Goodstein retorted that Carlson was trying to  make something out of nothing,  saying that Clinton would ve been subject to triable charges even if her conversations with the FBI were not held under oath. Carlson went on to accuse Goldstein of  intentionally missing my point  about Strzok s partisanship and redefining the legalities at play in Clinton s investigation. Why in time and again are you saying the FBI refused to respond to Congress when its own integrity is in question,  Carlson asked.  That is a cover-up. ",0
9277,Basketball Dad LaVar Ball Yanks His Son Out of UCLA…You Won’t Believe Why!,"The father of the UCLA basketball player who had been suspended for shoplifting in China has just pulled his son from the college. He believes the suspension of his son was  unfair Can you believe this guy? He s so lucky his son isn t still stuck in China but was lucky enough to have President Trump save his azz  TMZ reported the following:It s a stunning move   LiAngelo Ball will no longer be on the UCLA basketball team and, in fact, he will not be a student at UCLA   because his father, LaVar Ball, is removing him from the institution   TMZ Sports has learned.   We re told LaVar believes the suspension was unfair, especially since the charges were dropped. LaVar s people tell TMZ Sports the famous dad thinks,  There s no need to break down a kid s spirit for making a mistake.  Our sources say LiAngelo is not officially withdrawn from the school but he s at home and will not return to UCLA. This is huge news, but hardly surprising. The writing has been on the wall for this one ever since it happened. UCLA suspended him as soon as he returned to America, and now it looks like he ll never ever play a single second on the court for the Bruins.What a wild turn of events. One day you re a big time recruit for UCLA, the next you re getting arrested in China and before long you re out of school.This father made the wrong move too bad for his son.IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD OF WHAT A TOTAL JERK THIS FATHER WAS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP:Send this kid back to China! The ungrateful attitude of the father of LiAngelo Ball is so classless. What s even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son s crime as no big deal:  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers And we wonder why we have little thugs who aren t remorseful for their crimes? The sense of entitlement stinks to high heaven! Bad parenting LaVar Ball! WHO? Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Trump s social media director, Dan Scavino, fired back at Ball on his personal Twitter account Saturday afternoon, saying Ball s son, LiAngelo,  would be in China for a long, long, long time  without the President s assistance. Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren t for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT,  Scavino wrote.LiAngelo Ball, along with two other players, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, were arrested last week on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. Trump had said he personally asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene in the case.On Wednesday, Trump issued a call for gratitude from the players on twitter. He did get a thanks for their release after his tweet.STICKY FINGERS NO BIG DEAL?Athletic Director Dan Guerrero confirmed the trio shoplifted from three stores near their hotel Monday night. The three were identified the next morning after police searched their bags and found the stolen items.LaVar Ball told ESPN he was happy to have his son back, and also seemed to downplay his alleged crime. As long as my boy s back here, I m fine,  he said.  I m happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him,  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. All three players have been suspended from the UCLA basketball team indefinitely.",0
9278,PELOSI LOSES IT: Calls Tax Cuts ‘End of the World’…’Armageddon!’ [Video],"Nancy Pelosi just got even more embarrassing than ever She pulled the drama card while commenting on the tax cuts: No this is the end of the world. The debate on health care is life or death. This is Armegeddon! This is a really big deal. Because you know why? It s really hard to come back from this This has been the way Pelosi has behaved lately OUR RECENT REPORT ON PELOSI: Nancy Pelosi spoke for less than 8 minutes to the LBJ Foundation on Wednesday, but some attendees may have left the event wondering what is wrong with the House Minority Leader. She was seen repeating words, having trouble speaking and botched  Lyndon Baines Johnson  twice.OUR PREVIOUS REPORTS ON PELOSI S ANTICS: es, another brain freeze moment from Nancy Pelosi Why does she do this to herself? She continues to be the poster child for term limits!Comedian James Corden challenged Pelosi to say something nice about several prominent Republicans but he asked last about Trump Say one nice thing about Paul Ryan,  Corden said, holding up a picture of the Speaker of the House.After some awkward silence, Pelosi acknowledged that Ryan is  a gentleman. Corden followed up with Ted Cruz. Memorized the Constitution,  Pelosi said.  That s a good thing. It s a good thing, it s not a nice thing about him,  Corden persisted. Ok, Ted Cruz, good father,  Pelosi replied. Ok, time for the big dog,  Corden said, pulling out a picture of Trump.  Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump? Flag pin,  Pelosi said, pointing to the pin on Trump s lapel. I don t know that that counts,  Corden said,  That s not about Donald Trump, he probably didn t even put that on himself. Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump?  he repeated.Several seconds later, Pelosi replied:  I hope so. I hope I can. But not today?  Corden said. President,  Pelosi said after another long pause.  He s president. You can t think of one nice thing to say about him?  Corden prodded. He s nice to me,  Pelosi said. Is he? Is he respectful?  Corden said. Yeah, respectful,  Pelosi said. Read more: American Mirror",0
9279,JUST IN: SUPREME COURT Rules On Trump Travel Ban,"Another winner for America and for President Trump! The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the travel ban! Guess who voted against it Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place. Is anyone surprised by the two lefty judges? Not us!Fox News reports:Handing the White House a huge judicial victory, the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday ruled in favor of President Trump s travel ban affecting residents of six majority-Muslim countries.The justices said the policy can take full effect despite multiple legal challenges against it that haven t yet made their way through the court system.The ban applies to people from Syria, Chad, Iran, Libya, Somalia and Yemen.Lower courts had said people from those countries with a  bona fide  relationship with someone in the United States could not be prevented from entry.Grandparents and cousins were among the relatives courts said could not be excluded.The nine-member high court said in two one-page orders late Monday afternoon that lower court rulings that partly blocked the ban should be put on hold while appeals courts in Richmond, Va., and San Francisco take up the case.Liberal-leaning Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place.Both courts are scheduled to hear arguments in those cases this week.Both courts are also dealing with the issue on an accelerated basis, and the Supreme Court noted it expects those courts to reach decisions  with appropriate dispatch. Quick resolution by appellate courts would allow the Supreme Court to hear and decide the issue this term, by the end of June.Trump s travel ban has been challenged in separate lawsuits by Hawaii and the American Civil Liberties Union. Both have argued the ban discriminates against Muslims and should not go into effect under immigration laws.",0
9280,JUST IN: FBI Supervisor Fired For Anti-Trump Texts Oversaw Michael Flynn Interviews,"A supervisory special agent who is now under scrutiny after being removed from Robert Mueller s Special Counsel s Office for alleged bias against President Trump also oversaw the bureau s interviews of embattled former National Security advisor Michael Flynn, this reporter has learned. Flynn recently pled guilty to one-count of lying to the FBI last week.FBI agent Peter Strzok was one of two FBI agents who interviewed Flynn, which took place on Jan. 24, at the White House, said several sources. The other FBI special agent, who interviewed Flynn, is described by sources as a field supervisor in the  Russian Squad, at the FBI s Washington Field Office,  according to a former intelligence official, with knowledge of the interview.Strzok was removed from his role in the Special Counsel s Office after it was discovered he had made disparaging comments about President Trump in text messages between him and his alleged lover FBI attorney Lisa Page, according to the New York Times and Washington Post, which first reported the stories. Strzok is also under investigation by the Department of Justice Inspector General for his role in Hillary Clinton s email server and the ongoing investigation into Russia s election meddling. On Saturday, the House Intelligence Committee s Chairman Devin Nunes chided the Justice Department and the FBI for not disclosing why Strzok had been removed from the Special Counsel three months ago, according to a statement given by the Chairman.The former U.S. intelligence official told this reporter,  with the recent revelation that Strzok was removed from the Special Counsel investigation for making anti-Trump text messages it seems likely that the accuracy and veracity of the 302 of Flynn s interview as a whole should be reviewed and called into question. The most logical thing to happen would be to call the other FBI Special Agent present during Flynn s interview before the Grand Jury to recount his version,  the former intelligence official added.The former official also said that  Strzok s allegiance to (Deputy Director Andrew) McCabe was unwavering and very well known. Flynn, a retired three-star general, issued a statement on Dec. 1, saying,  it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. According to another source, with direct knowledge of the Jan. 24 interview, McCabe had contacted Flynn by phone directly at the White House. White House officials had spent the  earlier part of the week with the FBI overseeing training and security measures associated with their new roles so it was no surprise to Flynn that McCabe had called,  the source said.McCabe told Flynn  some agents were heading over (to the White House) but Flynn thought it was part of the routine work the FBI had been doing and said they would be cleared at the gate,  the source said. It wasn t until after they were already in (Flynn s) office that he realized he was being formerly interviewed. He didn t have an attorney with him,  they added.Flynn s attorney Robert Kelner did not respond for comment. A former FBI agent said the investigation into Strzok and the reported text messages between him and Page, shows a  bias that cannot be ignored particularly if he had anything to do with Flynn s interview and his role in it. The former U.S. intelligence official questioned,  how logical is it that Flynn is being charged for lying to an agent whose character and neutrality was called into question by the Special Counsel. According to an anonymous source in The Washington Post, Strzok s and Page had exchanged a number of texts that  expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton. For entire story: Sara Carter, Hannity.com ",0
9281,WATCH: MEGHAN MCCAIN RIPS Into Joy Behar For Her Embarrassing Reaction To Brian Ross’ FAKE NEWS Report On “The View”," The View  co-host, and rabid, liberal, activist, Joy Behar, made a colossal ass of herself on Friday when she was handed a breaking news story in the middle of her show. Joy Behar paused the show to read the  breaking news  statement aloud to her viewers:  ABC News  Brian Ross is reporting Michael Flynn promised full cooperation to the Mueller team, and is prepared to testify that as a candidate,  Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians! Yes!  Joy proceeded to throw her hands in the air and toss the card containing what ended up being a fake news story, into the air, as a sign of her jubilation over the news that they finally  got  Donald Trump. Joy was not only telling her audience something that wasn t true, she was showing what it looks like when a partisan hack puts their own selfish desires above a potentially serious issue that, if it were found to be true, could potentially be a serious national security issue.Watch:joy behar getting handed the flynn news is the definition of, well, joy pic.twitter.com/Ush7sH5K3r  David Mack (@davidmackau) December 1, 2017Meghan McCain, who was clearly disturbed by her co-host Joy Behar s unprofessional behavior on Friday, gave Behar,  and the rest of the liberal The View panel a piece of her mind on the show today.Watch:The funniest and most delusional part of the video happens when fellow unhinged, liberal, activists and co-hosts of The View attempt to convince their viewers how Hillary could never get away with half of the things Donald Trump has done. EW- When it happened in real time, I think everyone who was watching the show could see my discomfort at the room erupting like the Dodgers had just won the World Series,  she said when the topic of the correction was first brought up. She then compared Behar s initial reaction to that of Rush Limbaugh saying that he hoped Barack Obama would fail as president. McCain explained,  If we re celebrating a breach of national security   it s going to tear our country apart. McCain then lambasted her co-hosts for spreading  fake news  with her on the panel.  I went to a Christmas party over the weekend; it s no secret, most of my friends are in conservative media, [and] I feel a lot like I m an astronaut from another planet to come here to try to explain both worlds to each other   that s how different I feel on this show sometimes,  she said.  And I will say that fake news, and what we did on Friday, that s what I was accused of being a part of. McCain is a conservative who has criticized Trump in the past. The daughter of Senator John McCain, she departed her brief stint as a Fox News host and contributor in September before officially joining The View the next month. On both Friday and Monday, she was joined on the panel by recurring panelist Ana Navarro, the anti-Trump Republican commentator who voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. Behar, who first broke the erroneous Trump-Flynn information on The View after being handed a card featuring Ross  reporting, is an outspoken Democrat.Ross has been suspended by ABC for four weeks, a decision the reporter publicly supported. ",0
9282,YES! TRUMP’S UTAH AUDIENCE Chants ‘Four More Years!’ [Video],"President Trump was in Utah today for the signing of a rollback on federal land overreach. He s basically giving land back to the states that Clinton and Obama took for the federal government.The local leaders have applauded this move by Trump but the environmentalists are freaking out:President Trump signed two proclamations Monday shrinking federally protected lands in Utah in the largest rollback of national monument designations in history.The Bears Ears National Monument will shrink to 220,000 acres from its current 1.5 million-acre size, and the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument will be cut in half to about 1 million acres, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said.Trump s decision to roll back federal protections marks an unprecedented use of presidential power to shrink the national monument designations made by two of his predecessors.Trump said previous administrations overstepped their authority in declaring vast tracts of western lands off limits to use and development, abusing the  purpose, spirit and intent  of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act. That law requires presidents to limit the monument designation to  the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected. These abuses of the Antiquities Act give enormous power to faraway bureaucrats at the expense of people who work here, live here, and make this place their home,  Trump said at the Utah State Capital in Salt Lake City.  Because we know that people who are free to use their land and enjoy their land are the people who are most determined to preserve their land. Read more: USA Today",0
9283,WATCH MINNESOTA DEM MAYOR Shake and Cry About ‘White Privilege’ [Video],"The latest liberal meltdown comes from Minnesota This reminds of the mayor who was stopped by the police and had a fake meltdown too. Do these liberals all have a  meltdown handbook ?SDA reports:If you re a Social Justice Warrior, here s a standard set of tactics to get your way:Proclaim anything you wish, no matter how ludicrous.If anyone dares disagree with you, call them a racist, bigot, homophobe, or Islamophobe.If they dare object, scream at them that they are out of order and to stop interrupting you.Start shaking and crying, proclaiming how passionate you are about what you re saying.Do whatever you need to do to make yourself out to be the victim.Now that you understand this playbook, watch New Brighton, Minnesota mayor Val Johnson follow this script:Vote this crazy liberal lunatic out ",0
9284,DEMOCRAT DERSHOWITZ Slaps Down Feinstein’s Effort to Say Trump Guilty of Obstruction: ‘She doesn’t know what she’s talking about’ [Video]," I think this is hope over reality longtime Democrat and Harvard Law professor Allen Dershowitz ripped into Senator Diane Feinstein for making accusation of obstruction of justice against President Trump. He went through all of the reason why there is nothing to the claim by Feinstein that POTUS committed a crime. Dershowitz compared Trump to the crimes of past presidents and concluded that Trump is in the clear. He detailed crimes that Nixon and Clinton clearly committed but said that it s within the Constitutional powers that Trump did what he did by firing former FBI Director James Comey:  You cannot charge a president with obstruction of justice for exercising his constitutional power.   @AlanDersh pic.twitter.com/dPZBrIcsLh  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) December 4, 2017 She simply doesn t know what she s talking about    Dershowitz on Senator Diane Feinstein s claim that President Trump obstructed justice.This woman is another one who needs to go! She s gotten rich off of being in Washington and will probably only retire if she s pulled out of her office kicking and screaming. It s been a lucrative business for Diane and we re sure she doesn t want to see it end. Is she pushing the envelope politically because she knows her delusional liberal base will approve? Reelection over truth and integrity wins out with these people every time ",0
9285,FBI AGENT Who ‘Found Nothing’ on Huma and Anthony Weiner’s Laptops in Record Time Right Before Election is Same Agent FIRED by Mueller for Anti-Trump Texts,"Holy moly! We ve been covering the FBI agent who was fired for his  anti-Trump tweets but now this BOMBSHELL:The agent is the one who quickly looked over thousands of emails from the Weiner computer and said there was nothing there! You can bet this is now a big problem for the FBI. President Trump is correct when he says the  FBI is in tatters Reddit reported:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE FIRED ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT: This is an interesting development in the Mueller investigation because we don t trust the FBI. Is this new news from the New York Times an effort to make Mueller and McCabe appear unbiased? We re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the Hillary email case Really??? Talk about compromised! Please see our previous report below on the FBI giving  special status  to Hillary s email investigation.Robert Mueller kicked a  top FBI agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-Trump texts he sent, per a new report today.According to The New York Times, Peter Strzok not only  helped lead  the investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails, but he  played a major role  in the Trump-Russia investigation.But he is no longer on the investigation:Mr. Strzok was reassigned this summer from Mr. Mueller s investigation to the F.B.I. s human resources department, where he has been stationed since. The people briefed on the case said the transfer followed the discovery of text messages in which Mr. Strzok and a colleague reacted to news events, like presidential debates, in ways that could appear anti-Trump.ABC News reported back in August that Strzok had left the investigation, but said at the time  it s unclear why Strzok stepped away from Mueller s team of nearly two dozen lawyers, investigators and administrative staffers. And The Washington Post s report today on Strzok contains some rather, well, personal details:During the Clinton investigation, Strzok was involved in a romantic relationship with FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who worked for Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, according to the people familiar with the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.The extramarital affair was problematic, these people said, but of greater concern among senior law enforcement officials were text messages the two exchanged during the Clinton investigation and campaign season, in which they expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton Officials are now reviewing the communications to see if they show evidence of political bias in their work on the cases, a review which could result in a public report, according to people familiar with the matter. Via: mediaiteFBI INVESTIGATORS GAVE  SPECIAL STATUS  TO HILLARY:Friday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said evidence had been uncovered showing that the FBI gave the investigation of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s improper use of an unauthorized email server while secretary of state a  special status. According to the Florida Republican, who is also a member of the House Judiciary Committee, the process afforded to Clinton was different than it would have been for  any other American. We now have evidence that the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton did not follow normal and standard procedures,  he said.  The current deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe sent emails just weeks before the presidential election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be special   that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters, that it would be given special status. GOETZ CALLED FOR AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION: I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
9286,WEEK #13 of NFL HELL CONTINUES: “Lots of Empty Seats For The Biggest Game of The NFL Week”,"Here are just a few examples of the empty or mostly empty NFL stands across America today:The stands appear to be mostly empty for the Atlanta Falcons V. Minnesota Vikings game, in what NFL fans were calling the biggest game of the week on Twitter.Lots of empty seats for the biggest game of the NFL week  pic.twitter.com/kQDZySMFtU  Brian Handke (@brianhandke) December 3, 2017Here s another shot of the empty seats at the Atlanta vs. Minnesota game in Atlanta:Caption: ""What s up with ALL the empty seats? 30% empty? Could it be tix are too expensive? Fans don t want to pay the PSL?"" (https://t.co/ceK9VSHPuT) pic.twitter.com/ZftCoDwwr8  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) December 3, 2017It appears as though Jacksonville fans found something better to do than watch the Indiana vs. Jacksonville matchup.Pic via an Indiana talking head #INDvsJAX RT @cliffWISH8:   available for the Jags playoff push. I repeat. pic.twitter.com/XfcVfkh5EJ  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) December 3, 2017Here s a close up of the empty seats in Jacksonville:What are those? pic.twitter.com/SYqmwKZyBl  Jags Ghost (@Battle4Duval) December 3, 2017Meanwhile, back in the Midwest, a lot of empty seats can be found again this week in Chicago s Soldier Field, that is usually a sold out venue:There are some empty seats here at Soldier Field. It looks like the Lions game two weeks ago: pic.twitter.com/rEfsrT0hD9  Adam Jahns (@adamjahns) December 3, 2017Here s a close up of the empty seats in the upper deck at the Bears game:A lot of empty seats in the upper deck today. #Bears pic.twitter.com/eqdnpdDbl7  Zack Pearson (@Zack_Pearson) December 3, 2017The north end zone doesn t look any better:Good amount of empty seats in north end zone. pic.twitter.com/YQJwnpvwGv  Jeff Dickerson (@DickersonESPN) December 3, 2017I know that I am a goat, but do I smell that bad? 49ers at Bears. Media deck. @EmptySeatsPics pic.twitter.com/7JiTEczWXh  prof. goat (@ProfGoat) December 3, 2017The Buffalo Bills played the NE Patriots, 2017 Superbowl championship team, and former NFL fans didn t seem to care enough to show up and watch the game :A lot of empty seats came out to see the Bills play the Patriots today @EmptySeatsPics pic.twitter.com/NgGSwdEkqP  Darin Weeks (@DarinJWeeks) December 3, 2017 ",0
9287,‘MR FAST AND FURIOUS’ ERIC HOLDER Destroyed on Twitter After Hitting Back At Trump for Slamming FBI," Mr Fast and Furious  fired back at President Trump who claimed the FBI s reputation is in  tatters  thanks to former FBI Director James Comey. He certainly wasn t expecting to be slammed back by people on twitter. Holder and Obama have obviously decided to go full out to attack President Trump. They just don t realize who they re dealing with The American people and President Trump aren t sitting back and letting these thugs attack them Holder said the FBI has more integrity than the White House, which is facing increased scrutiny as special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russia s meddling in the 2016 election heats up.Nope. Not letting this go. The FBI s reputation is not in  tatters . It s composed of the same dedicated men and women who have always worked there and who do a great, apolitical job. You ll find integrity and honesty at FBI headquarters and not at 1600 Penn Ave right now  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) December 3, 2017 Nope. Not letting this go. The FBI s reputation is not in  tatters.  It s composed of the same dedicated men and women who have always worked there and who do a great, apolitical job. You ll find integrity and honesty at FBI headquarters and not at 1600 Penn Ave right now,  Eric Holder tweeted Sunday.1. Desperately trying to message what remains of your crooked network eh, Eric? Comey out, McCabe & Strzok chained to their desks and under surveillance. Dear me. Anyone else who got involved with you must be VERY nervous right now.  Imperator_Rex (@Imperator_Rex3) December 3, 2017Hillary was supposed to win, that is why they believed they could act with impunity, their arrogant sloppiness brought them down. They had it all planned and then SHE LOST! Game over, now we get to see some real justice done.  Jennifer Hoffman (@Jenniferhoffman) December 3, 2017 pic.twitter.com/GIPxxShDw4  Andy Weiss (@AndyWeiss11) December 3, 2017This coming from the guy that sat back and watched as our uranium was being sold to the very ones that you as democrats decry as our foe. Russia, russia, russia. Oh and there s that whole running guns thing too.  Culper Ring (@ring_culper) December 3, 2017HOLDER RECENTLY CALLED PRESIDENT TRUMP A DEROGATORY NAME IN ANOTHER RANT:The information below is disturbing and should be a wake up call for  Americans that the left isn t taking losing lying down. This is war A war for the heart of America!The quote below from Steve Bannon also goes for the left and the radical elitists like Holder He continuously mocks President Trump in the interview below by calling him  orange man . Holder is seething with contempt and hate. It s shameful behavior from a man who was once a very powerful member of a presidential administration in America. He exposes himself for the hateful racist we knew he was. This is scary and should be a big reminder that the war isn t over with these people. Keep up the fight!Former Attorney General Eric Holder says he is glad to be unshackled from his old job because employment with the National Democratic Redistricting Committee lets him lash out at Republicans like  orange man  President Trump.Politico recently went on the road with the NDRC s chairman in Virginia for get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, the Democratic nominee for Virginia governor.An interview at Rising Mount Zion Baptist Church in Richmond covered everything from NDRC s efforts to raise over $30 million for gubernatorial races to Mr. Trump s alleged role in empowering  neo-Nazis and white nationalists. I probably would not have [attacked Republicans like] that while I was attorney general,  he continued.  I didn t have an orange man who I was serving under, but, I mean, I would not have said that about a former president, for instance, while I was attorney general. But now, I m just a citizen and I ve got the full range of my voice back. The former attorney general also told Rising Mount Zion congregants that Mr. Northam s battle with Republican Ed Gillespie was important because  debts have to be repaid. Read more: WT",0
9288,MSNBC’S JOY REID Gets a Huge Dose of KARMA from an Unlikely Source…Apologizes on Social Media,"Now this is sweet KARMA! If you ve ever watched  Joy Reid interview Maxine Waters on MSNBC then you know the bitterness and hatefulness runs deep with both of them. Well, as it turns out, Reid has a nasty past of bashing people by accusing them of being gay while married. Reid relentlessly was homophobic and downright nasty to former Florida governor Charlie Crist:MSNBC host Joy Reid apologized amid social media outrage over homophobic blog posts she wrote between 2007 and 2009.In the articles unearthed by left-leaning Paste magazine, Reid mocked former Florida governor Charlie Crist as  Miss Charlie  17 times when she was an editor at black-centric website the Grio.1/x From 2007 to 2009 @joyannreid authored a dozen homophobic posts not only attempting to out Charlie Crist as gay, she attacked & mocked him for being so.She repeatedly referred to him as ""Miss Charlie"" and tagged posts about him under ""gay politicians."" (thread) pic.twitter.com/tRYvJ3lTc8  James M (@Jamie_Maz) November 30, 2017Reid thought it was hilarious to ridicule a man by suggesting he s a homosexual and then trying to out him publicly, as seen in tweets posted by Twitter user @Jamie_Maz.6/x Joy writes a post on Crist under the tag ""not gay politicians"" and shares her awful opinions on gay men who get married. pic.twitter.com/ZX2sOGDvL6  James M (@Jamie_Maz) November 30, 2017 Miss Charlie, Miss Charlie. Stop pretending, brother. It s okay that you don t go for the ladies,  Reid crowed in a 2007 post about Crist.8/x Joy constantly refers to Crist mockingly as ""Miss Charlie"" and insinuates that his marriage is a fraud to cover up his being gay. pic.twitter.com/HMcGE1LlPr  James M (@Jamie_Maz) November 30, 2017Crist was a Republican when Joy mocked his sexuality. In 2012, he switched over to the Democratic Party, so they re on the  same side  now, as it were.After being widely slammed on Twitter, Reid finally apologized in a statement to the press   10 years after the hypocritical anti-gay attacks. I deeply apologize to Congressman Crist, who was the target of my thoughtlessness,  Reid wrote.  This note is my apology to all who are disappointed by the content of blogs I wrote a decade ago, for which my choice of words and tone have legitimately been criticized. She added:  Re-reading those old blog posts, I am disappointed in myself. I apologize to those who also are disappointed in me. Life can be humbling. It often is. Crist has never come out as gay, and he has been married twice  to women. And if he were gay, that would actually make him a liberal hero according to leftist orthodoxy.Reid also suggested Crist married women to promote his career. Meanwhile, Reid never condemned Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren for falsely claiming she was Native American to get advance her career.HATEFUL DEMOCRATS AREN T HARD TO FIND THESE DAYS This woman just happens to be on a major news network spewing her vile hatred every day. Just think a younger version of Maxine Waters.",0
9289,"CONFUSED PROTESTERS Swarm Outside Trump NYC Fundraiser: ‘Tax the Rich, Not Working People’","The protesters in NYC must be confused They yelled  tax the rich, not working people . Aren t the rich working people too? Many of the rich worked like crazy to be where they are today. Also, the rich pay plenty in taxes already. Don t you love how these people don t want anyone to be successful but want them to give away their hard-earned money?Dozens of protesters yelling  shame  gathered across the street from Cipriani on East 42nd Street early Saturday where President Trump was to attend a breakfast fundraiser. Members of SEIU aka Obama s Purple Army were out in force doing what they ve been trained to do PROTESTPresidential motorcade departs Cipriani earlier today. We will have the story later on @NY1. pic.twitter.com/uw6kWHdmH0  Shannan Ferry (@ShannanFerry) December 2, 2017 New York hates Trump,  several protesters shouted. I believe it s time to stop lining the pockets of the rich and stealing from the poor,  said John Eng, a 54-year-old real estate agent from Manhattan who was holding a sign declaring,  The poor will have to eat the rich. The protesters were particularly enraged by the Senate s early-morning passage of a $1.2 trillion tax reform bill supported by Trump. A few shouted  Kill the bill, don t kill us. That tax plan is an abomination,  said Melissa Carpenter, a 51-year-old lawyer from Bayside who wore a Guy Fawkes mask for the occasion.  He has some balls to come here. Read more NYP",0
9290,DEMOCRATS Get DEVASTATING News After Spending $10.1 MILLION To Defeat Roy Moore In AL Senate Race,"Roll Call   Democrat Doug Jones drastically outraised GOP nominee Roy Moore for the Alabama Senate race, new campaign finance documents show.Jones raised nearly six times Moore s amount ahead of the Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jones headed into the final weeks of the race with roughly four times as much money in the bank than his GOP opponent. Jones raked in nearly $10.2 million compared to Jones  $1.8 million. Jones also spent roughly 5 times as much as Moore during that period, nearly $8.7 million compared to Moore s $1.7 million.The Democrat Party, who up until just recently, was essentially broke, just got some very bad news today from reliable media ally, CBS News.As the majority of Alabama Republicans believe that the allegations against Judge Roy Moore are untrue, he now takes a commanding lead over radical leftist Democrat Doug Jones per a new CBS News poll.The CBS News/YouGov poll, conducted between Nov. 28 and Dec. 1, surveyed 1,037 Alabamians registered to vote in Alabama. It further segmented the poll results into some results among registered voters and others among likely voters. Among registered voters, the margin of error is 3.8 percent. Among likely voters, the margin of error is 4.8 percent. The results of the election, with Moore leading Jones, were broken down to likely voters.Another part broken down to likely voters was polling specifically about the allegations about Moore. Perhaps unsurprisingly, a significant number of Alabamians do not believe the allegations against Moore one bit.  Breitbart Despite all of the money Democrats have poured into the race, Alabama voters are not buying the media reports that decades ago, several women were victims of Republican Senate candidate Judge Roy Moore, who they are now accusing of being a sexual predator. After many of the women s claims were called into question, including the claim made by Beverly Young-Nelson, whose stepson said she s  lying  about having a sexual encounter with the judge, and whose yearbook that was allegedly signed by Roy Moore has been called into question as a forgery. And then there s another accuser, Tina Johnson who lost her 12-year old son to her mother in a  nasty  custody battle, in a case where Roy Moore represented her mother. It s entirely plausible that Roy Moore s sexual assault accuser, Tina Johnson, had an ax to grind with Moore, the person who was able to successfully prove to the court that Johnson was  unfit  to care for him.To add insult to injury, only yesterday, President Trump appeared with RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel to announce record-breaking fundraising of over $120 million, which McDaniel attributed to President Trump.Watch: ",0
9291,Classless Obama Continues to Shamelessly Shadow Trump: ‘We have a temporary lack of American leadership’,"Lack of leadership? How about pot calling the kettle brown? Obama was at the helm of the MOST leaderless presidency EVER! He couldn t make a move unless it was to line his pockets or promote his communist ideology. What a joke that he s shadowing President Trump by going overseas. Lou Hobbs and Steve Forbes had choice words for Obama last week on his effort to be relevant (see below)NOTE TO OBAMA: WE DITCHED THE GLOBAL WARMING SCAM! WHAT S THERE TO LEAD?While speaking to a group of business leaders in Paris, former President Barack Obama said there is a  temporary absence of American leadership  when it comes to tackling climate change. I grant you that at the moment we have a temporary absence of American leadership on the issue,  the former president noted, which was met with laughter from the room full of French former ministers and CEOs at the invite-only event, according to Reuters.However, he noted,  you re seeing American companies and states and cities continuing to work  to meet targets and stay on track.According to ABC News, the swipe at the current administration was part of a speech Obama delivered at the event,  Fear Less, Innovate More. HERE S WHAT WE D LIKE OBAMA TO KNOW:LOU DOBBS AND STEVE FORBES HAVE A MESSAGE FOR OBAMA:Former President Barack Obama embarked on an Asia trip this week, and Fox Business  Lou Dobbs went off on Obama tonight for comments aimed at President Trump. Our favorite comment goes to Steve Forbes who said,  He doesn t get that he doesn t matter anymore.  Ouch! Please see the video below of Nigel Evans who says what we d like to say to Obama.THE OBAMAS ARE TAKING OVER FOR THE CLINTONS   THEY NEVER GO AWAY!Obama is obviously thinking he still matters He rudely took swipes at President Trump:While in India, Obama offered this advice:  Think before you speak, think before you tweet.  He also invoked his own social media follower numbers compared to  other people who use it more often. Dobbs slammed Obama for his criticisms of his predecessor, and guest Steve Forbes said Obama doesn t realize he  doesn t matter anymore. Dobbs then said this: I think U.S. Marshals should follow him, and any time he wants to go follow the President like he is, and behave  I mean, this is just bad manners. It s boorish, it s absurd, he doesn t realize how foolish he looks. I mean, he should be brought back by the Marshals. Isn t there some law that says presidents shouldn t be attacking sitting presidents? OBAMA SHOULD TAKE ADVICE FROM BRITISH MP NIGEL EVANS: When we stand up in this country and attack Donald Trump in an unseemly way we re actually attacking the American people.  Conservative MP Nigel Evans tells those opposing Trump s state visit to  get over it because he s the President of the United States .When you attack President Trump, you attack America ",0
9292,"FLASHBACK To Time When ABC News’ #LyinBrianRoss Tried To Tie Aurora, CO Mass Shooter To Tea Party [VIDEO]","As the name of the suspect, identified as 24-year-old James Holmes, first emerged Friday morning, Ross reported on ABC News that he d found a web page for a  Jim Holmes  on a Colorado Tea Party site.Here a transcript of the discussion on live television between George Stephanopoulos and ABC News  lyin  Brian Ross: GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I want to go to Brian Ross here, because, Brian, you ve been looking- investigating the background of Jim Holmes here. You ve found something that might be significant.BRIAN ROSS: There is a Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado page on the Colorado Tea Party site as well. Talking about him joining the Tea Party last year. Now, we don t know if this the same Jim Holmes. But it s Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado.STEPHANOPOULOS: Okay, we ll keep looking at that. Brian Ross, thanks very much.Watch:After Lyin  Brian Ross  unsubstantiated and completely bogus report about the identity of a man who just shot and killed several people,  that could have put the life of tea party member Jim Holmes in danger, Ross simply apologized.Fox News  That man is not the same Jim Holmes. The Colorado Tea Party Patriots, whose website Ross was looking at, put out a statement criticizing Ross for even floating the possibility   noting the Jim Holmes with the Tea Party group is 52 years old and not the same person. The attempts of some media organizations to characterize the shooter as a Tea Party member without having made any effort to contact our organization are shameless and reprehensible,  the group said in a statement.Ross clarified on air Friday, as ABC News issued a formal apology. An earlier ABC News broadcast report suggested that a Jim Holmes of a Colorado Tea Party organization might be the suspect, but that report was incorrect. ABC News and Brian Ross apologize for the mistake, and for disseminating that information before it was properly vetted,  the statement said.On air later in the morning, Ross also said:  An earlier report that I had was incorrect that he was connected with the Tea Party. In fact, that s a different Jim Holmes. He was not connected to the Tea Party and what we do know about him is he is a 24-year-old white male who went to Colorado for a Ph.D.Here s Lyin  Brian Ross  apology after he got caught reporting fake news about the Michael Flynn s meeting with the Russian Ambassador while President Trump was a  candidate .",0
9293,TRUMP SUGGESTS People Should Sue ABC NEWS After Massive Stock Market Crash Triggered By #FakeNews Report On Michael Flynn,"President Trump is not giving ABC News a pass for their fake news story about Michael Flynn and his meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak when Trump was a  candidate  running for office. The President is suggesting that ABC News needs to be held accountable for the drop in the Stock Market that was triggered by their fake news story. Trump tweeted: People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused   many millions of dollars!People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused   many millions of dollars!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017Here is a screen grab of the Brian Ross  bombshell  story that appeared on the ABC News Twitter account, stating that Michael Flyyn promised  full cooperation to the Mueller team  and is prepared to testify that as a candidate, Donald Trump  directed him to make contact with the Russians.  that has now been deleted. There s a big difference between candidate Trump and President-elect Trump.After ABC News broke the General Flynn-Trump story, the stock market began its freefall.Americans were stunned by the news, and the media, who s been searching for blood in the water since Trump s inauguration, was in a feeding frenzy over the prospect of President Trump being caught directing General Flynn to meet with the Russians when he was actively campaigning. As it turns out, ABC News got it wrong. But no worries, several hours later, they  clarified  how the story should have read, and then later, after ABC News was getting destroyed on social media for their reckless reporting of fake news, they changed their  clarification  to a  correction . Here are side-by-side screen grabs of the tweets by ABC News: ABC News announced today, that they were suspending Brian Ross for 4 weeks over his horrendous error that caused Americans to lose millions in the stock market. 4 weeks?.@ABC News statement on Michael Flynn report: https://t.co/sd9TeFiiLQ pic.twitter.com/UtHFHeuwcM  ABC News (@ABC) December 2, 2017President Trump responded to the news of Brian Ross  suspension with a brutal tweet to ABC:  Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News! Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017",0
9294,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Beautiful Video Honoring The Life Of Rosa Parks Reminds Everyone Of DISGUSTING Way President Obama Made Anniversary of Parks’ Brave Act About Him ,"Yesterday, President Trump took to Twitter to honor the 62-year anniversary of civil rights icon, Rosa Parks. President Trump tweeted,  62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history    His message was accompanied by a beautiful video narrated by the President that featured the courageous act of defiance against a bigoted bus driver who attempted to make her sit at the back of the bus, simply because she was black. President Trump s video is a beautiful tribute to a woman who, much like Donald Trump, was a fighter. She wasn t looking for someone else to fight for her, she wasn t organizing a mob to fight back against injustice, she stood alone, she fought back, and because of her, America won. (Sound familiar?)62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history  pic.twitter.com/eOvCBcMIKX  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 2, 2017Five years ago, President Obama also  honored  the legacy of Rosa Parks. Obama, however, took a much different approach. Instead of focusing on Rosa Parks, and her contribution to the civil rights movement, Barack Obama posted a narcissistic photo of himself sitting on the bus, that s parked at the Henry Ford Museum, in Dearborn, MI. Apparently, Barack Obama felt that he deserved the spotlight on the 57th and again on the 58th anniversary of Rosa Parks  brave act of defiance.Here s how the former President Barack Obama  honored  Rosa Parks on her 57th anniversary:Today is the 57th Anniversary of the day Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat. Pic: President Obama on Rosa Parks bus pic.twitter.com/cFaKOYDt  White House Archived (@ObamaWhiteHouse) December 1, 2012Here s how President Barack Obama honored Rosa Parks again, on her 58th anniversary:Michelle was so impressed by her husband s arrogance, that she too, tweeted a picture of her husband to honor the life of Rosa Parks:For the record, there are plenty of photos of Rosa Parks that were available for the President and First Lady to use in their tweets.But somehow, the Obama s always seemed to take a moment that should belong to someone else, and make it about them.It s not the first time Barack Obama honored himself instead of the person he claimed to be honoring. We ve posted several images of Barack Obama honoring himself instead of the activist, hero or legend he was supposed to honoring.Here are just a few examples:Although he never mentions him by name or even bothers to circle him in this photo, where Barack Obama is clearly the center of attention, this tweet was supposed to be honoring the late golf icon, Arnold Palmer:Here's to The King who was as extraordinary on the links as he was generous to others. Thanks for the memories, Arnold. pic.twitter.com/UlyfpIBOL2  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 26, 2016In this tweet, Barack Obama says,  He shook up the world, and the world s a better place for it.  Fortunately, he added  Rest in Peace , otherwise, his social media followers would have no reason to believe that this tweet was supposed to be a tribute to the deceased boxing legend, Muhammad Ali, as once again, Obama appears to be the focus of the image with a photo of Ali in the background.He shook up the world, and the world's better for it. Rest in peace, Champ. pic.twitter.com/z1yM3sSLH3  President Obama (@POTUS44) June 4, 2016The former President honored Nelson Mandela by posting a picture of himself in the jail cell where Mandela was imprisoned:Compassion, understanding, and reconciliation on #MandelaDay, we are reminded of the promise for a better world. pic.twitter.com/vOpRlM4gwf  White House Archived (@ObamaWhiteHouse) July 18, 2016And finally, on Pearl Harbor Day in Barack Obama honored the dead, by posting a picture of himself on Facebook walking down the stairs next to the Pearl Harbor Memorial.",0
9295,A COUGHING CLINTON Takes A Nasty Swipe At Matt Lauer…Bitterly Blames Men for Her Loss,"What a bitter woman! She blames a different thing every week for her 2016 loss to President Trump. Everything she says below is a lie. She just makes it up as she goes along:  She went on to describe how  men who shaped the narrative  of the campaign harmed her but are now under fire for sexual harassment. Hillary Clinton thinks that former NBC host Matt Lauer s demise is  karma  for how he questioned her about her private email server during the 2016 presidential campaign.Clinton was in Philadelphia on Thursday promoting her campaign memoir, What Happened, when she was asked about Lauer being fired this week over allegations of sexual misconduct, the Philly Voice reported. Lauer faced a storm of criticism last year when several journalists and commentators deemed his questioning of Clinton at a candidate forum unfair and even sexist. Every day I believe more in karma,  Clinton said of Lauer.She went on to describe how  men who shaped the narrative  of the campaign harmed her but are now under fire for sexual harassment, echoing how her supporters have tied Lauer s alleged misconduct to his treatment of Clinton. She also repeated her past arguments about the election, primarily blaming a host of outside factors for her defeat. EXTENDED COUGHING FIT  IS THIS KARMA TOO?At one point early in the evening, Clinton launched into an extended coughing fit, the kind of thing that tended to lead to theories during the campaign that the candidate was concealing some sort of illness. Weiner attempted to fill the time by making a self-deprecating joke about her own last name, but knowing that Clinton s history with a man of that particular surname is what led to the notorious Comey Letter, she may have not found it so funny.STILL TRYING TO SELL HER BOOK ON THE ROAD, CLINTON IS ONLY SUCCESSFUL IN MAKING HERSELF OUT TO BE THE BIGGEST WHINER AROUND The only video out there that we could find is of Hillary s response to a heckler:Philly and @HillaryClinton were having none of this asshole tonight #pizzagate #HillaryClinton #philly #whathappened pic.twitter.com/iuezuhhzKs  Amy (@amyreyrn) December 1, 2017The heckler yelled out a question about  Pizzagate She wasted no time in attacking the  right wing . LOL!THE PHILLY NEWS COMMENTS ON THE CLINTON VISIT ARE 99.9% AGAINST CLINTON   HERE S A SAMPLING:VIA: WFB",0
9296,JUST IN: VIDEO SHOWS Obama State Department Telling Reporters They Have No Problem With General Flynn Contacting Foreign Officials,"The stock market lost over 350 points after ABC News erroneously reported that General Flynn was in communication with the Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during Trump s campaign. It turns out that after the stock market plunge and the feeding frenzy by the leftist media, ABC News got it wrong. Flynn was actually in contact with the Russian Ambassador during the Trump transition period, which is an entirely different story. In fact, according to a video that was uncovered by citizen journalist Jack Posobiec, Obama s State Department told reporters during the Trump transition period, that the State Department didn t have any problem with the transition team meeting with any foreign officials (See video below). According to CNN correspondent Jim Acosta, the Obama regime actually gave the  go-ahead  for Flynn to have conversations with the Russian Ambassador: On Friday, the White House said that it was the Obama administration that authorized former national security adviser Michael Flynn s contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during President Trump s transition, according to CNN. Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Kislyak in the month before Trump took office, the first current or former Trump White House official brought down by special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russian election meddling. Court records indicate that his communications with Kislyak were directed by a Trump transition official, with multiple news outlets reporting that official was Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.  They are saying here at the White House that Flynn s conversations with Sergey Kisylak were quote,  authorized  by the Obama administration,  CNN correspondent Jim Acosta said.General Michael Flynn released the statement below: After over 33 years of military service to our country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the United States, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel s Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country. I accept full responsibility for my actions.    The HillWatch Obama s State Department clarifying to a reporter that they have no problem with General Flynn and the Trump transition team talking to foreign officials:Obama State Dept: We have no problem with General Flynn and the incoming administration contacting foreign officials pic.twitter.com/FwZDaHU8lO  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) December 2, 2017",0
9297,"20 TIME DEPORTED MEXICAN Laughs While Being Sentenced For Sodomy, Kidnapping and Sexual Assault In SANCTUARY STATE of Oregon…Tells Victims’ Relatives: “See All You Guys In Hell!” [VIDEO]","Next time you see a Democrat lawmaker, thank them for supporting sanctuary cities and states, and making every American less safe A Mexican man who was deported from the US 20 times has been convicted of 10 counts including sexual assault in Oregon. On Friday, Sergio Jose Martinez, 31, was sentenced to 35 years in prison in a Portland courtroom after pleading guilty to kidnapping, sexual assault, sodomy and several other counts, KOIN reported.Martinez smiled throughout the trial, and as he left, he gave one grim parting shot to his two victims  relatives:  See all you guys in Hell. The first attack occurred early on the morning of July 24, when Martinez entered the Northeast Portland home of a 65-year-old woman through a window she had left open to cool the house.Wielding a metal rod, Martinez told the woman to get down on the ground, where he bound and blindfolded her, threatened to murder her, and then sexually assaulted her, KGW reported.He stole the woman s purse and car; she called the police from a neighbor s home, and they located the vehicle and put it under surveillance.While they kept an eye on the car, however, Martinez was stalking his second victim in a parking garage on the corner of Northeast 21st Avenue and Northeast Halsey Street.He approached her carrying a knife and made her get into her car; as he got in after her she attempted to escape, but he was able to grab her and start slamming her head into the ground.The woman called out for help and as passersby approached, Martinez attempted to steal her car, then fled on foot when it failed to start. Police caught him minutes later.Two relatives of one of the victims, and one of the victims herself spoke during the sentencing phase Friday, in which Martinez often grinned.A brother of one victim told Martinez:  Sergio, no sentencing is enough. I rather you rot in Hell. Deputy District Attorney Amity Girt, the prosecutor on the case, said:  We had some very powerful victim impact statements that said it all. It was really breathtaking to hear the far-reaching consequences of violent crime, the emotional injury. Under the agreement that spared Martinez a possibly longer sentence if he had been found guilty at trial, he pleaded guilty to 10 counts, including first-degree burglary, sodomy, sex abuse, kidnapping, robbery, and second-degree assault.Martinez s lawyer, Jonathan Sarre, said his client  suffers from some mental illnesses; often such people may do inappropriate things in these situations. However, he acknowledged that a doctor had declared Martinez competent to stand trial.Martinez had been freed from jail in Portland a week before the attacks; he was in there for interfering with police and providing a false birth date.He was released despite a request from US Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the Multnomah County Sheriff s Office to hold him so the agency could take him into custody.Oregon became America s first sanctuary state when it adopted a law in 1987 preventing law enforcement from detaining people who are in the United States illegally but have not broken other laws.  Daily Mail ",0
9298,WALMART Is Selling “Made In Mexico” Apparel Featuring Domestic Terror Group [VIDEO],"The domestic terror group, Antifa, has been around for a while, but since Donald Trump s inauguration in January, they ve become more visible and increasingly more violent. Well, good news for Americans who support violent, masked, molotov cocktail throwing, ax and hammer-wielding punks, who run through major cities in packs, busting out windows, setting fire to vehicles, and pretty much destroying anything or anyone in their path, as a way to show their  resistance  to a Donald Trump presidency, Walmart now offers a line of  Antifa  apparel for you. If you re struggling to find the perfect gift for your violent, snot-nosed, anti-Trump student, or unemployed basement dweller in your family this holiday season, you can find it online at Walmart. Walmart is selling  Antifa  clothing that  will [allow you to] express yourself inside the opposition to the ideology, organizations, governments, and people from the far right (fascism). The mega-retailer is offering at least 13 different sweatshirts  made in Mexico of 100% COTTON for all-day comfort  promoting the group whose activities were  formally classified  by the Obama Administration  as domestic terrorist violence  as early as April 2016, according to Politico, despite the group s efforts to downplay this determination. Antifa,  or Anti-Fascist Action, is an informal grouping of communist, anarchist, and other far-left street gangs. Drawing inspiration from the German Communist Party s street fighters of the 1930s, the modern movement grew out of the European far-left punk scene in the 1980s. These unapologetically violent bands of leftists were largely unknown in the United States until recent years, when America s post-Occupy Wall Street far-left began adopting the name.This (anti-Trump) video provides a window into the violent Antifa group and how they destroy other people s property while running from cops and calling for them to be killed. Listen to Antifa chanting:  AK47 put the cops in  piggy heaven  on the streets of Washington DC during Donald Trump s inauguration at about the 1:20-minute mark. Watch what happens to the young Trump supporter who tries to speak reasonably with the Antifa terrorists about how using violence is not the answer, as he puts out a fire started by the terror group at the 9:20-minute mark:Antifa is well known for dozens of violent crimes against people they consider  fascists  on both sides of the Atlantic. Just remember to keep creating a better world,  the clothing advertisements encourage.This glorification of Antifa was mirrored Friday by the New York Times, which published a fashion style guide for the group:  practical advice on how to dress for a riot.  In their guide, the Times explains why a uniform look is needed, from Breitbart News s Charlie Nash: These defensive methods work only if there are enough black-clad others nearby. A single person in all black and multiple face masks is an eye grabber. Finally, the Times claimed that dressing in black militant gear and concealing your face forms an  emotional connection  with other rioters. Tactical considerations aside, it s this emotional connection with other members of the bloc that many practitioners highlight the most in interviews,  they proclaimed.  It s why soldiers and police have uniforms. Walmart has come under previous criticism for selling  Black Lives Matter  shirts and other items. Following a request from the national Fraternal Order of Police, the retail giant eventually removed one of the items last December, shirts that said  Bulletproof,  but refused to remove the rest.As with the  Black Lives Matter  paraphernalia, the Antifa products are being sold by a third party manufacturer, in this case, Tee Bangers, on Walmart s website.  Breitbart ",0
9299,JUST IN: Mueller Fired ‘Top FBI Agent’ Who “Helped Lead” Hillary Investigation Over Discovered Text Messages," This is an interesting development in the Mueller investigation because we don t trust the FBI. Is this new news from the New York Times an effort to make Mueller and McCabe appear unbiased? We re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the Hillary email case Really??? Talk about compromised! Please see our previous report below on the FBI giving  special status  to Hillary s email investigation. Robert Mueller kicked a  top FBI agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-Trump texts he sent, per a new report today.According to The New York Times, Peter Strzok not only  helped lead  the investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails, but he  played a major role  in the Trump-Russia investigation.But he is no longer on the investigation:Mr. Strzok was reassigned this summer from Mr. Mueller s investigation to the F.B.I. s human resources department, where he has been stationed since. The people briefed on the case said the transfer followed the discovery of text messages in which Mr. Strzok and a colleague reacted to news events, like presidential debates, in ways that could appear anti-Trump.ABC News reported back in August that Strzok had left the investigation, but said at the time  it s unclear why Strzok stepped away from Mueller s team of nearly two dozen lawyers, investigators and administrative staffers. And The Washington Post s report today on Strzok contains some rather, well, personal details:During the Clinton investigation, Strzok was involved in a romantic relationship with FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who worked for Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, according to the people familiar with the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.The extramarital affair was problematic, these people said, but of greater concern among senior law enforcement officials were text messages the two exchanged during the Clinton investigation and campaign season, in which they expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton Officials are now reviewing the communications to see if they show evidence of political bias in their work on the cases, a review which could result in a public report, according to people familiar with the matter. Via: mediaiteFBI INVESTIGATORS GAVE  SPECIAL STATUS  TO HILLARY:Friday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said evidence had been uncovered showing that the FBI gave the investigation of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s improper use of an unauthorized email server while secretary of state a  special status. According to the Florida Republican, who is also a member of the House Judiciary Committee, the process afforded to Clinton was different than it would have been for  any other American. We now have evidence that the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton did not follow normal and standard procedures,  he said.  The current deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe sent emails just weeks before the presidential election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be special   that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters, that it would be given special status. GOETZ CALLED FOR AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION: I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
9300,FLASHBACK To 2014 WaPo Headline: “Obama Should Fire John Brennan” For Lying…Only One Year After James Clapper Was Caught Lying Under Oath,"Yesterday, the leftist media spent the day wringing their hands in anticipation of finally pinning a Russian collusion story on President Trump, after General Flynn admitted to lying to the FBI about meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, during the Trump transition period. It now appears that Flynn s testimony is a big nothingburger. In fact, if the media was being honest with the American people, they would be telling them that Flynn s admission doesn t hold a candle to the lies former President Barack Obama s regime was caught telling. Barack Obama s regime lied about matters that actually were much more serious in nature. Many of their lies were about covering up for the deaths of innocent Americans. From Obama s crooked former AG, Eric Holder, who lied about the illegal gun running program Fast n  Furious that was responsible for the death of US Border Agent BrianTerry, to the lies his former national security advisor, Susan Rice told, when she went on a media-blitz to knowingly lie, when she told Americans the death of 4 Americans in Benghazi, was caused by a video. It s got to be pretty bad, when a staunch Obama media ally, the Washington Post, tells him he should fire his CIA Director, John Brennan for lying.  From the Washington Post:In March, at the Council on Foreign Relations, CIA Director John Brennan was asked by NBC s Andrea Mitchell whether the CIA had illegally accessed Senate Intelligence Committee staff computers  to thwart an investigation by the committee into  the agency s past interrogation techniques. The accusation had been made earlier that day by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who said the CIA had  violated the separation-of-powers principles embodied in the United States Constitution.  Brennan answered:As far as the allegations of, you know, CIA hacking into, you know, Senate computers, nothing could be further from the truth. I mean, we wouldn t do that. I mean, that s   that s just beyond the   you know, the scope of reason in terms of what we would do. { }And, you know, when the facts come out on this, I think a lot of people who are claiming that there has been this tremendous sort of spying and monitoring and hacking will be proved wrong.Watch Brennan lie to Andrea Mitchell here:Now we know that the truth was far different. The Post s Greg Miller reports:CIA Director John O. Brennan has apologized to leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee after an agency investigation determined that its employees improperly searched computers used by committee staff to review classified files on interrogations of prisoners. { }A statement released by the CIA on Tuesday acknowledged that agency employees had searched areas of that computer network that were supposed to be accessible only to committee investigators. Agency employees were attempting to discover how congressional aides had obtained a secret CIA internal report on the interrogation program. Some employees acted in a manner inconsistent with the common understanding reached  between the CIA and lawmakers in 2009, when the committee investigation was launched, according to the agency statement, which cited a review by the CIA s inspector general. The CIA statement was first reported by McClatchy.That committee s investigation is said to be sharply critical of the CIA, finding that it exaggerated the effectiveness of harsh interrogation measures and repeatedly misled members of Congress and the executive branch. The findings are expected to be released publicly within weeks.After briefing committee leaders, Brennan  apologized to them for such actions by CIA officers as described in the [inspector general] report,  the agency statement said. Brennan also ordered the creation of an internal personnel board, led by former Sen. Evan Bayh (D-Ind.), to review the agency employees  conduct and determine  potential disciplinary measures. An apology and an internal review board might suffice if this were Brennan or intelligence leaders  first offense, but the track record is far from spotless. In 2011, Brennan claimed that dozens of U.S. drone strikes on overseas targets had not killed a single civilian. This remarkable success rate was not only disputed at the time by news reports   even supporters of the drone program called it  absurd    but as the Bureau of Investigative Journalism and the New York Times both reported later, President Obama received reports from the very beginning of his presidency about drone strikes killing numerous civilians. As Obama s top counterterrorism adviser at the time, Brennan would have received these reports as well, so either Brennan knew that his claim was a lie, or he is secretly deaf. Similarly, Brennan denied snooping on Senate computers six weeks after Feinstein first made the accusation to the CIA in private, which means either that he was lying, or he had ignored a serious charge against his agency for six weeks, then spouted off about it without any real knowledge   hardly the behavior expected of an agency director.And last year, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper lied under oath to Congress when he told Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and the Senate Intelligence Committee that the National Security Agency did not collect any kind of data on millions of Americans, a claim later disproved by documents leaked by former NSA employee Edward Snowden. Despite Clapper receiving criticism from both sides of the aisle, the damage to Clapper s and the White House s credibility on intelligence and civil liberties issues and, well, the fact that lying to Congress is a crime (though one that s difficult to prosecute), Obama has not disciplined Clapper in any way.",0
9301,JUST IN: Trump Gives Slap Down to Press Over Flynn Guilty Plea as He’s Leaving the White House [Video],"Even though the big news was that President Trump got a BIG win with the passage in the Senate last night of his tax bill, the press was stuck on the topic of Mike Flynn s guilty plea.  POTUS was asked as he was leaving the White House this morning if he s worried about Flynn s guilty plea He had a firm answer then tried to remind the press that last night was a big win for him JUST IN: President Trump makes first comments after Michael Flynn's guilty plea.Reporter: ""Are you concerned about what Mike Flynn might tell the special counsel?""Trump: ""No, I'm not."" pic.twitter.com/UlDrdPMU2S  NBC News (@NBCNews) December 2, 2017 No, I m not and what has been shown is no collusion, no collusion. There s been absolutely no collusion so we re very happy. And frankly, last night was one of the big nights We ll see what happens.    PDJTWE RE ASSUMING PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS TALKING ABOUT THE  BIG NIGHT  BEING THE PASSAGE OF HIS TAX BILL:We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! pic.twitter.com/gmWTny3SfS  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 2, 2017While the press does their best to try and bring down President Trump, he continues to fight for all Americans. The Democrats have to be beside themselves after this huge win for Trump and Republicans. Maxine Waters was on with Joy Reid this morning saying this was all doom and gloom We say MAGA! TRUMP 2020!",0
9302,LOU DOBBS and Steve Forbes Rip Obama for Criticizing Trump Overseas: ‘He doesn’t get that he doesn’t matter anymore’ [Video],"Former President Barack Obama embarked on an Asia trip this week, and Fox Business  Lou Dobbs went off on Obama tonight for comments aimed at President Trump. Our favorite comment goes to Steve Forbes who said,  He doesn t get that he doesn t matter anymore.  Ouch! Please see the video below of Nigel Evans who says what we d like to say to Obama.THE OBAMAS ARE TAKING OVER FOR THE CLINTONS   THEY NEVER GO AWAY!Obama is obviously thinking he still matters He rudely took swipes at President Trump:While in India, Obama offered this advice:  Think before you speak, think before you tweet.  He also invoked his own social media follower numbers compared to  other people who use it more often. Dobbs slammed Obama for his criticisms of his predecessor, and guest Steve Forbes said Obama doesn t realize he  doesn t matter anymore. Dobbs then said this: I think U.S. Marshals should follow him, and any time he wants to go follow the President like he is, and behave  I mean, this is just bad manners. It s boorish, it s absurd, he doesn t realize how foolish he looks. I mean, he should be brought back by the Marshals. Isn t there some law that says presidents shouldn t be attacking sitting presidents? OBAMA SHOULD TAKE ADVICE FROM BRITISH MP NIGEL EVANS: When we stand up in this country and attack Donald Trump in an unseemly way we re actually attacking the American people.  Conservative MP Nigel Evans tells those opposing Trump s state visit to  get over it because he s the President of the United States .When you attack President Trump, you attack America ",0
9303,ABC NEWS Gets DESTROYED On Twitter For Waiting Several Hours To Admit They Got Major Detail In Flynn Story Wrong…#FakeNewsABC,"After ABC News broke the General Flynn-Trump story, the stock market began its freefall, Americans were stunned by the news, and the media, who s been searching for blood in the water since Trump s inauguration, was in a feeding frenzy over the prospect of President Trump being caught directing General Flynn to meet with the Russians when he was actively campaigning. As it turns out, ABC News got it wrong. But no worries, several hours later, they  clarified  how the story should have read ABC News  major report on Michael Flynn and President Trump s direction on reaching out to the Russians has been corrected. Hours later. And Twitter is ripping the network over it.Per multiple reports earlier, Brian Ross  report that Flynn is expected to testify Trump directed him to meet with Russians  as a candidate  was followed minutes later by a drop in the stock market.But as Ross clarified on World News Tonight (video here), it was as President-elect, not as a candidate, and that is kind of a major difference.   MediaiteABC News also tweeted out a clarification and deleted its earlier tweet:CLARIFICATION of ABC News Special Report: Flynn prepared to testify that President-elect Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians *during the transition*   initially as a way to work together to fight ISIS in Syria, confidant now says. https://t.co/ewrkVZBTbc pic.twitter.com/GQAKwT1Eda  ABC News (@ABC) December 2, 2017Twitter users responded to the  clarification  by ABC News, who should NEVER have gotten this story wrong in the first place. Jim VandeHei, CEO and co-founder of Axio slammed ABC for moving the markets and setting off a frenzy with their  massive  mistake:Astonishing. The story moved markets, set off a media frenzy, suggested worst possible outcome. This is called a massive correction, or retraction, not clarification. https://t.co/uVUamf4jYY  Jim VandeHei (@JimVandeHei) December 2, 2017Associate editor of the Daily Caller reminded ABC News that their  clarification  was actually a  huge correction. That's a huge correction https://t.co/EIMaE0EkGu  Peter J. Hasson (@peterjhasson) December 1, 2017David Rubin reminded ABC News why no one trusts them anymore:  Reason nobody trusts the mainstream media 14,761 .Reason nobody trusts the mainstream media 14,761  https://t.co/1RQ7FRbava  Dave Rubin (@RubinReport) December 2, 2017Twitter user  Echo Lew  called out ABC News for blaming their source and not Brian Ross, their  reckless reporter  who actually made the mistake:Blame it on a source and not your reckless reporter @BrianRoss 'on air' tremendous mistake.  Echo Lew (@PhinsnNoles) December 2, 2017ABC News has apparently earned a new name to go along with their acronym.ABC   Always Broadcasting Crap  BNL NEWS (@BreakingNLive) December 2, 2017And then, finally, Twitter user Jake Blum called ABC News  out for reporting  fake news :This is so incredibly irresponsible and reckless. Sowing damage to the legitimacy of our government. Hard for you all to push back on the fake news label when this is so damn common.  Jake Blum   (@RealJakeBlum) December 2, 2017 ",0
9304,"JOHN CONYERS’ LAWYER Threatens ‘If This Nonsense Continues, This Is Just a Harbinger of What’s to Come’ [Video]","Rep. John Conyers  lawyer, Arnold Reed, threatened with  what s to come  during a press conference today: This, ladies and gentlemen, I promise you, if this nonsense continues, this is just a harbinger of what s to come,  Reed said while defending the congressman during the press conference in Detroit.IS REED TRYING TO BLAME THE ACCUSER OR IS CONYERS READY TO NAME NAMES?Marion Brown, a former staffer to Conyers, revealed herself this week to be one of the accusers. In a Thursday interview with the  Today Show,  she alleged Conyers violated her body and would frequently proposition her for sex. You boo d up with him at the Barrister s Ball?    LAWYER FOR JOHN CONYERSREED PUSHES BACK:Reed pushed back against the allegations and showed several signed statements of former Conyers staffers that stated they didn t witness any harassment or sexual misconduct from the congressman.Reed made us head for the Urban Dictionary when he said the victim was  boo d up  with Conyers: This means  kissing in public  or in a relationship Mr. Campbell indicates that he never saw anything and verified that the congressman hired the accuser s daughter. But there became a problem all hell broke loose when the congressman fired the daughter. And then, all of a sudden, we get this sexual harassment, sexual allegation problem. Here s the  predator  that she s talking about at the Barrister s Ball, 2011 Barrister s Ball,  Reed said as he held up a photograph that appeared to be of Conyers and Brown next to each other, posing for a picture. She [Brown] said that he took every opportunity during hours to harass her.  He was an animal.  But you boo d up with him at the Barrister s Ball? You want to get angry and mad when the congressman defends himself?  Reed continued.READ MORE: WFB ",0
9305,WHY IS AL SHARPTON’S “Half-Brother” Registering Thousands Of Felons To Vote In Alabama’s Controversial Senate Race? [VIDEO],"Pastor Kenneth Sharpton Glasgow claims he s Reverend Al Sharpton s brother, and he s registering thousands of felons to vote in the hotly contested, upcoming Senate election. When the local News 5 station looked into the pastor s claim, that he was Al Sharpton s brother, they made an interesting discovery.  Glasgow told News 5 that he was indeed Al Sharpton s brother and that he dropped the  Sharpton  because  we didn t want somebody that s a racist, a bigot, to try to kill me knowing I was Sharpton s brother  while he was in prison. News 5  performed a background check on Glasgow and came up with nothing.  They also called Reverend Sharpton s office in New York and spoke with Sharpton s media correspondent, who said he d never heard of Kenneth Sharpton Glasgow. It wasn t until they contacted Sharpton-Glasgow s mother, Tina Glasgow, that they finally discovered the connection.As it turns out, Glasgow actually has ties to Al Sharpton Watch the video below for the bizarre details:Much like his brother, the  pastor  is also a Democrat activist, and he is pulling out all the stops to help the party defeat Judge Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for Senate in Alabama. While the Democrat Party is begging for donors to help support Moore s opponent, Doug Jones, Al Sharpton s half-brother is busy signing up felons to vote in a controversial election, where every vote will count.Thousands of felons across Alabama have registered to vote in recent weeks, according to Pastor Kenneth Glasgow, who is heading up a statewide effort to get felons to the voting booth.Glasgow s goal is to get as many felons as possible signed up to vote before the end of the day Monday, the deadline to be able to cast a ballot in Alabama s Dec. 12 U.S. Senate special election. In the last month, I think we registered at least five- to ten-thousand people all over the state,  Glasgow, president of Dothan s The Ordinary People Society (TOPS) advocacy group, said Monday.  I ve got people all over the state registering people with my TOPS branches in Tuscaloosa, Birmingham, Montgomery, Enterprise, Dothan, Abbeville, Geneva, Gordon, Bessemer, we have a lot. For generations, most Alabamians convicted of a felony were barred from ever voting in the state again, but the Definition of Moral Turpitude Act, a new law passed by the state Legislature and signed by Gov. Kay Ivey in May, cleared the way for thousands of felons to restore their voting rights.The law lists several dozen felony convictions that are considered crimes  of moral turpitude,  which means that anyone convicted of one of them loses the right to vote; other felons are now eligible to restore that right. Previously, the list of crimes that some registrars considered to be  of moral turpitude  was not clearly defined, and many felons simply believed they could never regain the franchise.  AL",0
9306,LAWMAKER REVEALED: Settled $84K Sexual Harassment Case Using YOUR Tax Dollars,"Another politician using your money to pay off a sexual harassment settlement Can you believe it? Blake Feingold is on the right in the onesie jammies. What was he thinking?Here s a photo of him with clothes on:Rep. Blake Farenthold used taxpayer money to settle a sexual harassment claim brought by his former spokesman   the only known sitting member of Congress to have used a little-known congressional account to pay an accuser.Lauren Greene, the Texas Republican s former communications director, sued her boss in December 2014 over allegations of gender discrimination, sexual harassment and creating a hostile work environment.When she complained about comments Farenthold and a male staffer made to her, Greene said the congressman improperly fired her. She filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, but the case was later dropped after both parties reached a private settlement.Read more: Politico",0
9307,WILL OBAMA REGIME Be Held Accountable For Dirty Tactics They Used To Take Down MICHAEL FLYNN?,"While we re on the subject of lying to the FBI, when will Hillary Clinton be prosecuted for multiple crimes she committed while acting as our Secretary of State?  Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn admitted Friday to making false statements to the FBI, entering the first guilty plea in Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe   and agreeing to cooperate with investigators.A source close to Flynn said financial and emotional pressure helped lead to the decision to plead guilty, rather than endure a drawn-out court battle.As part of the deal, Flynn already is supplying information about the actions of top Trump transition officials.Though the individuals are not named, court documents show Flynn claiming a  very senior member  of the Trump transition team directed him to contact foreign governments including Russia over a United Nations vote   discussions tied to one of Flynn s false statements.The documents also say Flynn called an unnamed senior transition official in December to ask what to communicate to the Russian ambassador about sanctions. That official and Flynn discussed how they didn t want Russia to  escalate the situation,  something Flynn immediately told the ambassador in a phone call.According to the plea deal, Flynn has agreed to  cooperate fully, truthfully, completely and forthrightly  with the probe, with sentencing delayed until those efforts  have been completed. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, becomes the first Trump ex-White House official charged in the special counsel probe.His tenure at the White House was brief   he was fired for similar conduct, pertaining to his undisclosed discussions with the Russians   and Flynn had been under investigation even before the special counsel probe over lobbying work for Turkey and other issues. The fact that he faced just one count prompted immediate speculation Friday that Flynn was cooperating and offering information to Mueller s team.As for the past discussions between Flynn and transition officials, it s unclear which senior officials the plea deal referred to. But a former senior intelligence officer with knowledge of Trump transition activities told Fox News that then-President-Elect Trump directed Flynn during that period to contact the Russians   while also directing him and his team to contact 12 other countries. The transition team felt that the Obama White House had completely abandoned any coherent foreign policy and had to fill the vacuum,  the former official told Fox News.In a statement, White House lawyer Ty Cobb said  nothing  about the plea implicates anyone other than Flynn. NBC News tweeted Cobb s statement:Today, Michael Flynn, a former National Security Advisor at the White House for 25 days during the Trump Administration, and a former Obama administration official, entered a guilty plea to a single count of making a false statement to the FBI. The false statements involved mirror the false statements to White House officials which resulted in his resignation in February of this year. Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn. The conclusion of this phase of the Special Counsel s work demonstrates again that the Special Counsel is moving with all deliberate speed and clears the way for a prompt and reasonable conclusion. BREAKING: President Trump's personal attorney releases statement after Flynn plea:""Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn."" pic.twitter.com/TEygBKCx0W  NBC News (@NBCNews) December 1, 2017Conservative citizen journalist Jack Prosobiec asked a very good question about the tactics that were used to gain access to Trump administration officials by the Obama regime:Michael Flynn charges come after he was illegally wiretapped and unmasked by the Obama Administration and Susan RiceWhen are those charges coming?  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) December 1, 2017Watch Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton and ACLJ President Jay Sekulow lay out the case against Barack Obama officials and the felonies they committed when they leaked and improperly disseminate classified information and unmask members of the Trump transition team. Jay Sekulow explains to Sean Hannity, that,  The concern is the intelligence apparatus in the United States has rules, that they have to follow, like every other agency, and it appears that in the waning days, or maybe the last year of the former administration, they viewed those laws as advisory opinions and not law. When the unmasking allegations first surfaced, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) had plenty to say about the unmasking of Michael Flynn.On March 19, 2017, George Stephanopolis asked Senator Rand Paul about his thoughts on the unmasking of Michael Flynn. Senator Paul suggested that the person responsible for unmasking General Flynn should be in jail. Paul went on to say that you cannot allow this unmasking to take place,  or we will have presidents being blackmailed or national security advisers being blackmailed. Here s an excerpt from their conversation published by Politico:STEPHANOPOULOS: Finally, sir, you re also a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. WE see the president standing by that claim about President Obama. It s caused a rift now with British intelligence over the weekend. How big a problem is this for the president s credibility? How does he fix it?PAUL: I think that we know one thing for sure, that the Obama administration did spy on Flynn. Now, whether it was direct or indirect, somebody was reading and taking   a transcript of his phone calls and then they released it.It is very, very important that whoever released that go to jail, because you cannot have members of the intelligence community listening to the most private and highly classified information and then releasing that to The New York Times.There can only be a certain handful of people who did that. I would bring them all in. They would have to take lie detector tests. And I would say, including the political people, because some political people knew about this as well.But we need to get to the bottom of who is releasing these highly classified conversations. And if the president was surveilled, he probably wasn t the target. I don t know that he was or wasn t. But if he was, they probably targeted someone in a foreign government, but then they listened to the conversation with Americans.STEPHANOPOULOS; You don t believe President Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of President Trump?PAUL: Well, what happens is it s different than that. We target foreigners all the time, but they talk to Americans. They talk to the president. They talk to the national security advisers. And they re supposed to be masked.But there was something alarming the other day. General Hayden admitted that people all the way down to some of the lowest analysts can unmask who the American is. So, someone unmasked General Flynn and they re a low-level analyst, we need to be looking at their computer and find out if they unmasked that conversation and if they spoke with The New York Times you have got to put those people in jail, because you cannot allow this to happen, or we will have presidents being blackmailed or national security advisers being blackmailed.This is a huge, huge problem, bigger than anything else that s being discussed is the fact that private conversations from the intelligence community s perspective are being leaked to the press. That s not like a leak that says, oh, the president watches TV in his bathrobe, this is important to national security, you can t let it happen.Rand Paul was asked again about the unmasking of Michael Flynn on MSNBC s Morning Joe show. Paul told the leftist hosts backdoor searches are illegal and that they could be politicized. Paul said that Susan Rice should be placed under subpoena and she should be asked:  Did you talk to the President about this and did President Obama know about this?    Paul went on to say that the Susan Rice  unmasking  was a witch hunt started by the Obama administration because of sour grapes on the way  out the door. Watch, starting at the 6:30 mark:",0
9308,ATTORNEY FOR STEINLE KILLER Calls Verdict ‘Vindication of Rights of Immigrants’ [Video],"As if Americans aren t outraged enough about the verdict in the Kate Steinle murder, the lawyer for the illegal who murdered her came out and lectured Americans on the right of  immigrants This scumbag murderer is NOT an immigrant! He s an illegal alien who was deported 5 times! If San Francisco had followed federal law and detained this guy, Kate Steinle would be alive today! Attorney Ugarte speaks at the 1:00 mark after Ingraham s intro:Attorney Francisco Ugarte: I believe today is a vindication of the rights of immigrants. That today we have to reflect all of us on how we talked about this case in the beginning. And how this swarm of reflection and reaction on the basis of what I believe to be the racial dynamics of this case. Nothing about Garcia Zarate s ethnicity, nothing about his immigration status, nothing about the fact that he was born in Mexico had any relevance on what happened on July 1, 2015.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE STEINLE VERDICT: A shocking verdict and race baiting was on the menu tonight in the liberal bastion of San Francisco tonight The prosecutor in the Kate Steinle case won and then came out to make a statement where he attacked President Trump and waisted no time politicizing the verdict as it relates to gun control. He claimed that the president was  fomenting hate Huh? This is where we are in America right now: An illegal alien with 7 prior felony convictions murders a legal American citizen and goes free Americans last? Illegals first?LISTEN TO THIS JACKWAGON LAWYER POLITICIZING THIS CASE:Matt Gonzalez:  The physical evidence has always supported the finding that this was an accidental occurrence, and I think the jury came to that conclusion.  #TheStory pic.twitter.com/QDy4qNx4zZ  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 1, 2017HARD TO HEAR BUT MATT GONZALEZ POLITICIZES THE CASE: There are a number of people who have commented on this case in the past few years: the Attorney General of the United States, the President and the Vice President of the United States, let me just remind them that they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C., and they may themselves soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence and beyond a reasonable doubt standard,  Gonzalez says.  I would ask them to reflect on that before they comment or disparage the result in this case. Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez speaking to critics of the jury verdict, specifically @realDonaldTrump, who faces Mueller's investigation pic.twitter.com/gDoC2ccHOK  ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) December 1, 2017HOW IS WHAT CANDIDATE TRUMP SAID IN 2015 ABOUT THE STEINLE CASE  FOMENTING HATE ?: This senseless and totally preventable act of violence committed by an illegal immigrant is yet another example of why we must secure our border immediately,  Trump said in July 2015.  This is an absolutely disgraceful situation and I am the only one that can fix it. Nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. That won t happen if I become President. HEARTBREAKING TESTIMONY FROM KATE STEINLE S DAD:Kate Steinle s father testifies and says his daughters last words were  help me, Dad . Long Live #KateSteinle pic.twitter.com/r7uyK2amuY  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) December 1, 2017ABC News reports:In a surprising verdict, the jury of six men and six women deliberated and came back with a not guilty verdict for Jose Ines Garcia Zarate. The defendant was facing second degree murder charges for killing 32-year-old Pleasanton resident Kate Steinle on July 1, 2015 at Pier 14 in San Francisco.While Garcia Zarate can technically walk out of the courtroom, it s expected that he will be taken into custody by Immigration officials and eventually deported back to his native Mexico.The case gained notoriety because Garcia Zarate is an undocumented immigrant who had been deported several times and had a number of felony convictions. Steinle s death became part of the immigration debate in this country. During his campaign, President Trump criticized San Francisco for its sanctuary city status.",0
9309,FOX NEWS Host EXPOSES Jimmy Kimmel HYPOCRISY After His Paid “Goon” Disrupts AL Church Service Where Roy Moore Spoke,"If anyone thought the man who s been attacked by the left for most of his adult life, was going to roll over and play dead, as the Democrats and their allies in the entertainment industry come at him with a coordinated character assassination attempt, they were sadly mistaken.Breitbart   The U.S. Senate campaign of Judge Roy Moore is firing back at Jimmy Kimmel and his paid trickster Rich Barbieri also known as  Jake Byrd for disrupting a worship service at which Moore spoke here on Wednesday night. Jimmy Kimmel and the  Hollywood elite  cross the line when they invade our Churches under a disguise and attempt to make a mockery of our worship services,  Drew Messer, a senior adviser to Moore, told Breitbart News on Thursday morning after the incident at the church on Wednesday night.On Wednesday evening, after the pastor of Magnolia Springs Baptist Church here in Theodore, Alabama, just outside Mobile warned attendees of a worship service at which Moore was speaking multiple times that it was against the law in Alabama to disrupt worship services, Barbieri proceeded to interrupt the worship service during Moore s speech.The pastor had earlier in the evening also warned event-goers against disrupting the worship service, so this constituted his second warning. But that did not stop Barbieri whose character on Kimmel s show is  Jake Byrd from disrupting the event and being escorted out by police.  Breitbart Watch:Turns out tonight's Roy Moore superfan is a comedian named Tony Barbieri, part of Jimmy Kimmel's gang. pic.twitter.com/ykeGKVDdkS  Ben H. Raines (@BenHRaines) November 30, 2017Upon discovering that the man who disrupted the worship service was a paid comedian on the Jimmy Kimmel show, Roy Moore tweeted to the despicable leftist comedian/ activist to come down to Alabama and mock their Christian values  face to face ..@jimmykimmel If you want to mock our Christian values, come down here to Alabama and do it man to man. #ALSen https://t.co/E7oQB9D83P  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 30, 2017So Little @jimmykimmel sent one of his goons to Alabama to disrupt a church service where Roy Moore was speaking. I doubt Kimmel would ever disrupt a service at a mosque  toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) November 30, 2017Roy Moore also responded to the leftist comedian, whose ratings are in the toilet, over his despicable comedian s stunt:Despite D.C. and Hollywood Elites' bigotry towards southerners, Jimmy, we'll save you a seat on the front pew. https://t.co/z7n6uaeyCj  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 30, 2017 Was the Kimmel comedian s stunt about embarrassing Roy Moore, or was it more about jumping on the left s  Hate Trump s All  (or as the left falsely calls it:  Love Trumps Hate ) campaign? Based on the most recent ratings of late-night shows, the only thing keeping the higher rated late-night shows on the air is their unabated criticism of President Trump, that s used as fuel to keep their hate-filled, leftist audience fed.  Observer   While Donald Trump has been a huge boon for late-night TV ratings, one host who isn t enjoying an upswing is Jimmy Fallon. The good-natured nice guy persona Fallon has crafted on NBC s The Tonight Show is great for producing viral videos, but not so great for navigating a politically tumultuous era. As Stephen Colbert s The Late Show and Jimmy Kimmel s Jimmy Kimmel Live have continued to hone in on the Trump administration, and seen viewership rise as a result, Fallon has largely stayed out of the fray and is suffering because of it.According to the New York Times, Fallon has lost 21 percent of his audience year over year since the fall season began on September 25. Since February, Colbert leads late night in total viewers by a wide margin and Kimmel has been gaining ground over the last several months as well. NBC s top brass have combated these trends by noting that Fallon still leads the field in viewers in the advertiser-friendly 18 to 49 demographic, but the New York Times points out that even that gap is closing.Breitbart   Fellow senior Moore adviser Brett Doster bashed Kimmel for enabling Hollywood s culture of preying on women as seen by the recent downfalls of Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey. Last night, Jimmy Kimmel sent one of his goons to disrupt an Alabama worship service as a comedy prop,  Doster said in an email to Breitbart News.  For years, Kimmel hosted a show that exploited women and encouraged sexual impropriety. He and the rest of the entertainment industry look down their noses at our evangelical values while using their own pulpit to encourage the very behavior purveyed by monsters like Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey. It remains to be seen whether Kimmel will have the guts to face Moore s team head-on in Alabama, and own up to the actions of his staff. A Kimmel publicist has not responded to Breitbart News when asked via email whether Kimmel or Barbieri would be willing to defend themselves in an interview.",0
9310,JUST IN: Flynn to Plead Guilty to Lying to the FBI,"The broader story in this entire Russia witch hunt is if the one count on Flynn announced today is a plea deal. Flynn is being charged with only one count so this raises red flags There has been talk that Flynn would do what he could to protect his son who is also involved in this witch hunt The crime is not the substance but the cover-up of conversations Flynn had with the Russian ambassador. This is exactly what President Trump fired Flynn for Fox News is reporting:Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has been charged in the special counsel s Russia investigation with making false statements to the FBI and is expected to plead guilty at a hearing Friday morning.Special Counsel Robert Mueller s office released a one-count charging document ahead of the hearing.ABC News is reporting that this is a plea deal and that Flynn will assist in the witch hunt:Flynn s plea signals the former top adviser to Trump is now cooperating with the team of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. A brief statement released by Mueller s team Friday morning does not say what information Flynn has provided the government as part of this deal, but sources familiar with the agreement told ABC News Friday he has made a decision to assist investigators.THE DOCUMENT ACCUSING FLYNN:The document accusing Flynn of making false statements pertains to his interactions with Russian officials in late December   specifically discussions about sanctions and other matters.According to the document, those statements were that: On or about Dec 29, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Government of Russia s Ambassador to the United States ( Russian Ambassador ) to refrain from escalating situation in response to sanctions that the United States had imposed against Russia that same day; and FLYNN did not recall the Russian Ambassador subsequently telling him that Russia had chosen to moderate its response to those sanctions as a result of his request; and   On or about December 22, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Russian Ambassador to delay the vote on or defeat a pending United Nations Security Council resolution; and  that the Russian Ambassador subsequently never described to FLYNN Russia  response to his request. Flynn is accused of  willfully and knowingly  making the false statements to the FBI while serving in the Trump administration.",0
9311,REPORT: The White House is a ‘Real Dump’…Hundreds of Problems Left by Previous Administration,"Gross! As it turns out, the White House is a wreck with infestations of mice, roaches and ants. It s being reported that hundreds of work orders have been made to fix numerous problems. If anyone can fix the White House up to be the best it can be, it s President Trump. He s a builder and a perfectionist so it s no surprise that he reportedly said the White House is a  dump . He s use to 5-star places so we re betting he ll have the White House in 5-star shape AND under budget in no time .MAGA!Apparently, the White House really is a dump   with work orders showing reports of mice and cockroach infestations in the West Wing, broken toilet seats in the Oval Office and numerous other problems.The documents, obtained by NBC4 Washington, were made public this week just months after President Trump reportedly criticized the shape that it was left in by the previous administration. That White House is a real dump,  he said, according to Golf magazine.While the president later denied the comment, it turns out, there really are loads of issues plaguing the historic structure.White House officials made hundreds of requests for repairs, equipment and pest control in 2017 with the US General Services Administration   many of which were similar to those made in 2016 during Barack Obama s final year in office, NBC4 reports.The work orders were similar in number and included reports of mice, cockroaches and even ants!Some orders listed simple projects such as broken doors and chairs, while others detailed requests for TV systems and new decor. It s an enormous job. GSA is assigned to manage that job,  explained former GSA Inspector General Brian Miller.Some of the work that needs to be done inside the White House listed a mid-April deadline, though it s unclear if this was actually met. It s also not known if any of the aforementioned issues were ever fixed or dealt with. They are old buildings,  Miller said of the grounds at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  Any of us who have old houses know old houses need a lot of work. Via: NYP ",0
9312,FORMER “BAYWATCH” STAR Tries To Flirt Her Way Past Secret Service,"Former  Baywatch  star Pamela Anderson tried to use her charms to get past the Secret Service to meet with Vice President Mike Pence. She wanted to speak with Pence about a pardon for Julian Assange of Wikileaks. Anderson has been connected to Assange romantically and reportedly visits him at the Ecuadorian embassy in London. She s also become more politically active in recent years because of her awareness of Assange s plight.Page Six reports:Spies tell Page Six that Anderson was in Manhattan filming a PSA at the JW Marriott Essex House when she learned that Pence was at the same address. The blond bombshell has said that she  loves  WikiLeaks founder Assange and visits him every two weeks in his  cramped  room at London s Ecuadorian embassy, where he s staying in order to evade extradition.According to onlookers, Anderson  marched straight up to the Secret Service and asked to see Pence. A witness said:  The Secret Service agent practically swooned and fainted when she walked up to him and started pressing her finger on his badge. Pam said,  I d like to meet the vice president.  But, the source added,  The agent did get it together enough to politely refuse, saying the vice president was busy. Pamela Anderson s attempt to woo the Secret Service was unsuccessful.When we reached activist Anderson for comment, she confirmed to Page Six:  I wanted to thank [Pence] for supporting protection of sources for journalists. He is heralded for co-sponsoring proposals for a  federal shield law,  which I deeply admire. This action would have allowed journalists to keep confidential sources secret   even if the government requested them.  She added,  I really wanted to mention this   it is a topic close to my heart. Julian Assange deserves a pardon, and I thought I might be able to help. Julian is a hero to most of the world s youth and free-minded thinking people. America needs to be on the right side of history. ",0
9313,SHEILA JACKSON LEE Gets Into It With MSNBC Host Over Conyers: ‘Let me be clear!’ [Video]," A conversation with MSNBC host Craig Melvin got heated today when Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D., Texas) refused to say Thursday whether her Democratic colleague Rep. John Conyers (Mich.) should resign. She was all over the map and was confused about what she thinks about Conyers saying, Congress should instead focus on how to  change the system.  Straddling the fence has never been more fun to watch with these leftists who don t know what the hell to do. My brain hurt after watching this interview What did she just say except to repeatedly say she s  not taking a back seat  over and over again We hear ya Sheila but what does that have to do with Conyers resigning? MSNBC host Craig Melvin repeatedly asked the congresswoman about sexual harassment allegations against Conyers, but Jackson Lee steadfastly refused to say her colleague should step down: I believe the decision to go or come will be the decision of that member,  she said.  As I understand it, Mr. Conyers is with his family. I m praying for them. I m praying for the women, and I m praying for them to make their decision. But all those decisions are usually at the behest of the member and I expect that to be the case here. Melvin asked if she thought the Democratic Party was sacrificing its credibility on standing up for women by not pushing out Conyers. Jackson Lee denied that was the case.NICE PIVOT BY LEE TO BLAST TRUMP BUT WE RE NOT BUYING IT: Craig, absolutely not, because the story is not near concluded,  she said before shifting to say what is  appalling  are the allegations against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore and President Donald Trump.Melvin pressed Jackson Lee further on her position about the women who have come forward against Conyers, bringing up an African-American accuser who was on the  Today  show Thursday morning. The Texas Democrat said Melvin was  mishearing  her because she is not taking a  backseat  on matters of sexual harassment. She said Democrats would not be  wimps  on this issue.THE TRUTH WAS RIGHT THERE:WHEN CRAIG SAID THE CONYERS VICTIM  LOOKS JUST LIKE US IT WAS ON!Jackson-Lee repeated AGAIN that she s not  taking a backseat  on matters of sexual harassment Yada, yada, yada ",0
9314,JUST IN: JOHN CONYERS’ Attorney Suggests Nancy Pelosi Is A Racist For Saying Conyers Should Resign,"Apparently, the arrogant 88-year-old Congressman John Conyers, who is being accused of sexual misconduct by several women, is not going to leave the halls of Congress on his own. Yesterday, Black Caucus member, Congressman James Clyburn (D-SC) claimed that the women accusing Conyers of sexual misconduct were  all white women  or racists. Today, Conyers black accuser is speaking out.More than a week after it was first reported that Rep. John Conyers, a Democrat from Detroit, settled a sexual harassment claim in 2015, the woman he settled with is speaking out.WATCH: ""Can you tell me what you say John Conyers did when you were his employee?"" @savannahguthrie asks Rep. Conyers accuser Marion Brown pic.twitter.com/2jsszMStWj  TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 30, 2017Brown s 2014 complaint, and a settlement she reached with Conyers in 2015, were first reported by BuzzFeed News last week. The report did not identify Brown, who signed a non-disclosure agreement as part of the settlement that prohibited her from speaking about it.The report included Brown s accusation that Conyers had fired her after she rejected his sexual advances. Since then, at least two other female former staffers have accused Conyers of sexual harassment. Conyers denies the allegations.Lisa Bloom, the high-profile attorney representing Brown, issued a statement Sunday calling on Conyers and the congressional Office of Compliance to release her client from the non-disclosure agreement.Brown said Thursday that she decided to break the agreement and speak out to be a voice for other women. I felt it was worth the risk to stand up for all the women in the workforce that are voiceless   ordinary women like myself with extraordinary challenges, working in the workforce, that are dominated by men,  she said.  Huffington PostWATCH: ""Did you ever tell any of your superiors?"" @savannahguthrie asks Rep. Conyers accuser Marion Brown pic.twitter.com/EAsOYkU0Ry  TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 30, 2017Before Conyer s accuser Marion Brown came out and courageously appeared on the Today Show, Nancy Pelosi stood firm in her belief that Conyers was innocent. She even went as far as to call him an  icon  during her interview with Meet The Press host Chuck Todd:.@NancyPelosi: Accused Congressman Conyers is an ""icon"" in our country. #MTP pic.twitter.com/4QlKKJTIJP  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) November 26, 2017Now that Conyer s accuser has revealed herself to the public and is being represented by the high-profile, leftist lawyer, Lisa Bloom, Nancy has suddenly had a change of heart and is now calling for the resignation of Rep. John Conyers (D-MI).BREAKING: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi calls for resignation of Rep. John Conyers https://t.co/wXXKqJGQKV pic.twitter.com/D8cRNKAiNE  WXYZ Detroit (@wxyzdetroit) November 30, 2017Speaker of the House Paul Ryan joined the chorus today and called for the resignation of Congressman Conyers..@SpeakerRyan on Congressman Conyers: ""Yes, I think he should resign. I think he should resign immediately."" pic.twitter.com/z7NIHwOc2X  CSPAN (@cspan) November 30, 2017Meanwhile, Conyers attorney, Arnold Reed, is laughing at the idea that the 88-year-old congressman who has been accused by several women of sexual misconduct would resign. Today, during his press conference in Detroit, Reed called out the idea that Nancy Pelosi would call for his client to resign while ignoring (white) Senator Al Franken (D-MN). During his press conferencet today Reed told reporters that Nancy Pelosi won t tell Conyers what to do. Reed then pulled the race card from the bottom of the deck, asking:  What is the discernible difference between Al Franken and John Conyers? Rep. Conyers' attorney on calls for resignation: ""It is not up to Nancy Pelosi. Nancy Pelosi did not elect [Conyers] and she sure as hell wont be the one to tell the congressman to leave"" pic.twitter.com/fxaRpDRQmh  NBC News (@NBCNews) November 30, 2017NBC Capitol Hill correspondent Kasie Hunt tweeted about Conyers belligerent lawyer:JOHN CONYERS' LAWYER says Nancy Pelosi won't tell him what to do: ""What is the discernible difference between Al Franken and John Conyers?"" he says  Kasie Hunt (@kasie) November 30, 2017Yesterday, Conyers arrogant and defiant lawyer tweeted that his client is  not going to be forced out of office :Attorney: Conyers  not going to be forced out of office  https://t.co/Np2bGmUGdI via @detroitnews  Arnold E. Reed (@ArnoldReedEsq) November 30, 2017",0
9315,HILLARY OWNS THIS! How Clinton Brought Black African Slavery to Libya [Video],"Even more reason to  believe it s a good thing Hillary Clinton isn t formulating U.S. foreign policy:Footage from Libya recently released showed young men from sub-Saharan Africa being auctioned off as farm workers in slave markets Yes, slave markets! Horrible! Eight hundred,  says the auctioneer.  900   1,000   1,100   Sold. For 1,200 Libyan dinars   the equivalent of $800. Not a used car, a piece of land, or an item of furniture. Not  merchandise  at all, but two human beings.One of the unidentified men being sold in the grainy cell phone video obtained by CNN is Nigerian. He appears to be in his twenties and is wearing a pale shirt and sweatpants.He has been offered up for sale as one of a group of  big strong boys for farm work,  according to the auctioneer, who remains off camera. Only his hand   resting proprietorially on the man s shoulder is visible in the brief clip.  After seeing footage of this slave auction, CNN worked to verify its authenticity and traveled to Libya to investigate further.Carrying concealed cameras into a property outside the capital of Tripoli last month, we witness a dozen people go  under the hammer  in the space of six or seven minutes.   Does anybody need a digger? This is a digger, a big strong man, he ll dig,  the salesman, dressed in camouflage gear, says.  What am I bid, what am I bid?   Buyers raise their hands as the price rises,  500, 550, 600, 650   Within minutes it is all over and the men, utterly resigned to their fate, are being handed over to their new  masters. And how did we get to this point? As the BBC reported back in May,  Libya has been beset by chaos since NATO-backed forces overthrew long-serving ruler Col. Moammar Gadhafi in October 2011. And who was behind that overthrow? None other than then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.You broke it, Hillary. You own it.Bush 43 had a deal with Gadhafi, according to which the dictator abandoned his weapons of mass destruction in return for not getting deposed. Obama and Hillary reneged on the deal, resulting in the creation of an ISIS/al Qaeda terrorist wonderland in a country that had been neutralized; a flood of largely unassimilable refugees into Europe; America becoming established in the international mind as untrustworthy, so that other dictators will be unlikely to follow Gadhafi s lead and give up nuclear/biological weapons programs peaceably; and black African slavery.On the positive side, it gave Hillary a chance to laugh merrily as she let loose with this zinger:Libyans importing slaves from south of the Sahara and the chaos in the Middle East is on Hillary.Via: moonbattery",0
9316,WATCH: MI DEMOCRAT Candidate For AG Makes Ad Promising Not To Show Her P*nis If She’s Elected," Who can you trust most not to show you their penis in a professional setting?  Democrat Dana Nessel asks in the new ad.  Is it the candidate who doesn t have a penis? I d so say. She then makes several promises to her voters:  I will not sexually harass my staff. And I won t tolerate it in your workplace either. I won t walk around in a half-open bathrobe. The ad follows allegations of sexual misconduct against U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., and U.S. Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., among others.Conyers, who allegedly used taxpayer money to settle with an accuser, won t seek re-election next year, Detroit s WDIV-TV reported.Nessel, a former assistant prosecutor vying against Republican state House Speaker Tom Leonard and Democratic state Sen. Tonya Schuitmaker, told WJBK-TV that she does not think the ad crosses a line. I think the ad was rather tame when it comes to the news stories that have come out whether they are journalists, whether they re in Hollywood, or whether they re political representatives,  she said.  We ve heard some pretty lewd stories coming out.  Fox News",0
9317,WIFE OF JOHN CONYERS CONFRONTS MEDIA At Her House: ‘Do you go and stalk white people’s houses?’ [Video],"If you live in Michigan, you know about the controversial wife of Congressman John Conyers. She s had her share of scandals and has even served 3 years in Federal prison for bribery. But this IS Detroit so anything goes Watch the video below and you ll see her in action pulling the race card Monica Conyers wasn t in a talkative mood Wednesday morning as the media camped outside her house looking for her embattled husband, U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit.  John Conyers has come under fire because of sexual harassment allegations made against him and how they were handled by his office.The Detroit Free Press reports:As she was leaving the family s house Wednesday morning, Monica Conyers said:  I ll make a comment when you all disclose to me who has made the allegations.  Monica Conyers became irritated with the media attention then pulled the race card: Do you all go and stalk other people s houses?  Monica Conyers asked the media camped outside her house.  Do you go and stalk white people s houses or just come to the black neighborhoods and stalk our houses? Monica Conyers, wife of John Conyers, accuses the media of stalking black people. Typical, a Dem goes right to race baiting. It s pretty pathetic at this point. pic.twitter.com/v6xToqEbqW  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) November 29, 2017Earlier, her son, John Conyers III, said it was disconcerting to see how his father was being treated in the wake of the allegations regarding the longest-serving member of the House.John Conyers III spoke to reporters early Wednesday outside his family s Detroit home, saying it s  very unfortunate to see him fight so long for so many people and to automatically have the allegations assumed to be true.  Conyers said her husband wasn t home and that she didn t know his whereabouts HERE S A GREAT EXAMPLE OF WHAT A NASTY WOMAN MONICA CONYERS IS: Watching this video will help anyone who is curious about why the city of Detroit continues to be bailed out of trouble like an irresponsible child with a trust fund. This video of Detroit City Council member Monica Conyers (D), wife of US Representative John Conyers helps to explain the type of character Detroit voters have been placing their trust in for decades. This is an older video, but definitely worth sharing.Shortly after this debate with an 8th grader, City Councilwoman Monica Conyers was found guilty of bribery and sent to prison for 3 years.Former Detroit City councilwoman, Monica Conyers was sentenced to more than three years in prison for bribery after a federal judge refused to set aside her guilty plea during a stormy court hearing dominated by a dispute over evidence of other payoffs.As guards cleared the packed courtroom, Monica Conyers yelled that she planned to appeal. The wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., wanted to withdraw her guilty plea, suggesting she was the victim of  badgering  last year when she admitted taking cash to support a Houston company s sludge contract with the city.But U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn, reviewing a transcript of the June hearing, said Conyers had denied any coercion and voluntarily pleaded guilty to conspiracy.Conyers, 45, is the biggest catch so far in the FBI s wide-ranging investigation of corruption in Detroit city government. Nine people have pleaded guilty, including two former directors of the downtown convention center, and prosecutors have promised more charges are coming. Bribery is a betrayal of trust,  Cohn told Conyers after announcing a 37-month prison term for her  egregious  crime. She quit the council after pleading guilty in June.Conyers  plea deal was limited to taking bribes to support a contract with Synagro worth $47 million a year. But the recent trial of her former aide, Sam Riddle, exposed a series of alleged schemes involving others making payoffs to do business at city hall.Prosecutors said Riddle and Conyers collected $69,500 by shaking people down and urged Cohn to consider the alleged crimes when sentencing her. Defense lawyer Steve Fishman firmly objected and demanded a separate hearing.Conyers declared,  I m not going to jail for something I didn t do. Before the hearing, Conyers moved around the courtroom like a playful host, blowing kisses to supporters while wearing dark sunglasses. Her husband, who has an office in the federal courthouse, was not in the courtroom. Spokesman Jonathan Godfrey said he didn t know his whereabouts. Via: Huff PostDespite her going to prison, losing her political job and often embarrassing the family with her behavior in City Hall, U.S. Rep. John Conyers does not want a divorce from his feisty wife, Monica Conyers, his lawyer told the Free Press on Monday.The former Detroit city councilwoman filed for divorce last month, claiming the marriage has fallen apart beyond repair. But her 86-year-old husband wants to work things out.  Detroit Free Press",0
9318,BLACK CAUCUS MEMBER James Clyburn Suggests RACISM Is Motive For Rep. John Conyers Sexual Assault Accusers…”These Are All WHITE Women” [VIDEO],"U.S. Rep. Jim Clyburn could find himself in hot water.A writer for The New York Times Magazine and National Geographic tweeted that Clyburn invoked the name of Susan Smith, South Carolina s infamous child murderer, in his defense of Conyers. James Clyburn compared Conyers  accusers to the child murderer Susan Smith, who initially claimed a black man had abducted her kids. Clyburn said, these are all white women who ve made these charges against Conyers,  Robert Draper tweeted.When asked if that comment was true, Draper said he verified it through two sources, adding  Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel more than once, to members & staffers. Clyburn responded on Twitter, saying  This is inaccurate in many regards. The Congressional Black Caucus tweeted about the alleged Susan Smith comment, saying Clyburn  used the Smith example to illustrate the dangers of convicting people before getting all the facts. Umm yeah, sure he did.Meanwhile, Clyburn just kept digging a deeper hole. Following his baseless and disgusting and racist claims to Congress, Clyburn was met in the basement of Congress, where he was asked about fellow Black Caucus member and accused serial sexual assaulter, Rep. John Conyers (D-MI). His response was stunning.When asked about sexual harassment allegations against colleague Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.), Clyburn seemed to suggest elected officials should be held to a different standard than other public figures.In a video posted on Twitter, the 77-year-old Clyburn is walking to an elevator with Congressional Black Caucus chairman Cedric Richmond (D-La.), when asked  Other men in other industries have faced similar accusations   and gotten out of the way, resign, stepped down, far faster than he has, right   Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer? Clyburn s response,  Who elected them? CBC Chair Richmond asks for ex. of ppl leaving jobs faster than Conyers when face sexual harassment claims; Clyburn asks ""who elected them?"" pic.twitter.com/FGDNbvBUcg  Alex Moe (@AlexNBCNews) November 29, 2017That was followed by another question,  So it s different because he s elected,  but the elevator doors closed before Clyburn might have responded.A HIGHER STANDARDBut after 5 p.m., Clyburn posted his official statement regarding a House Resolution that read very differently than the flippant response to reporters in the halls of the Capitol.Congress must streamline the process, protect victims that wish to be protected, and ensure all allegations of wrongdoing are investigated with professionalism, urgency and due process. Read my full statement here, https://t.co/P3eEnkTIS5  James E. Clyburn (@Clyburn) November 29, 2017 As elected officials, we ought to be held to a higher standard,  Clyburn said in his statement.  Congress must review and improve the current administrative procedure for victims to come forward. All harassment and discrimination allegations must be taken seriously.    The StateClyburn took to Twitter again tonight to cover his ass:This is inaccurate in many regards. That discussion had nothing to with Conyers. https://t.co/EWeokwGn50  James E. Clyburn (@Clyburn) November 29, 2017New York Times reporter Rober Draper responded to Clyburn, refuting his claim that it had  nothing to do with Conyers .That discussion was specifically & exclusively about Conyers, according to 2 attendees. Who else could you have been referring to when bringing up Susan Smith? https://t.co/MtbIdDbxT7  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 29, 2017Liberal rag Buzzfeed, immediately came to Clyburn s defense:Clyburn's people dispute this. ""That is not accurate. That discussion had nothing to do with Conyers."" https://t.co/gqRSuZYi4Z  Paul McLeod (@pdmcleod) November 29, 2017Draper refused to back down and stated that his  sourcing is solid on this . Draper then went on to say,  Further, I m also told it isn t the first time Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel with reference to Conyers. My sourcing is solid on this. Further, I'm also told it isn't the first time Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel with reference to Conyers. https://t.co/vToUxKbgVW  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 29, 2017The Black Caucus then came after the New York Timer reporter Robert Draper:.@RepRichmond: ""This is not accurate. @Clyburn used the Smith example to illustrate the dangers of convicting people before getting all the facts. Although Smith killed her kids, she blamed an innocent person & a lot of people believed that innocent person was guilty."" 1/2 https://t.co/Rm5NkXk7BY  Black Caucus (@OfficialCBC) November 30, 2017Again, Draper stood his ground and refused to be bullied by the Black Caucus on this issue:Correct. But with specific contextual reference to Conyers. Are you suggesting this was some detached academic discussion in which Conyers wasn t brought up? Not credible & also not what the two attendees say. https://t.co/pOtph6T7qI  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 30, 2017 ",0
9319,DEMOCRAT SENATOR Reprimanded For Comparing Female Trump Nominee to a Horse: ‘It’s dehumanizing’ [Video],"A Democratic Senator tried to compare Trump nominee Kathleen Hartnett White to a horse during testimony before members of the Environment and Public Works Committee .Rhode Island Senator Sheldon Whitehouse tried to relate a story of Caligula s horse to the nominee but it went over like a lead balloon. We could start off by saying as a rule of thumb that a woman should never be compared to a horse Not a good idea. This arrogant and insensitive Senator thought  he would get away with demeaning Ms. White .Watch what happens when Senator Barrasso gets his two cents worth in The committee voted to confirm White s nomination to lead the White House s Council on Environmental Quality, Wednesday.Washington Free Beacon reports:During a business meeting prior to the party-line vote, Whitehouse likened White to the ancient Roman emperor Caligula s horse: There is a popular legend of the Emperor Caligula appointing his horse to the Roman Senate,  Whitehouse said.  Had he done that, it would have raised important questions, but the real questions would not have been about the horse. The horse was just a horse. The real questions would have been about the power of the Emperor Caligula and the spine of the Roman Senate. Discussing the merits of the horse would be pointless. Approving this nominee for CEQ would be so preposterous that it would be like appointing Caligula s horse, in that the real question becomes about the power of our fossil fuel emperors and the spine of the Senate,  he said.  This is a moment in which the Senate takes its own measure. I guess we re about to see the answer. Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee Sen. John Barrasso (R., Wyo.) quickly condemned Whitehouse s remarks:  Let me just say that comparing Ms. White to a horse, as one of our Democrat colleagues just did, to me is a new low,  Barrasso said.  It s disturbing, it s demeaning, and it s dehumanizing. ",0
9320,NBC MANAGEMENT “Protected The Sh*t Out of Him”: Details of Married Matt Lauer’s Disgusting Acts Of Sexual Harassment Are REVEALED After Democrat Fan Boy Is Fired,"NBC was called out by conservative news outlets, like Breitbart for refusing to disclose Matt Lauer s ties to the Clinton Foundation prior to his 30 minutes during NBC s  Commander-in-Chief forum  where he basically ignored every Hillary scandal during his interview with her. The longtime Today Show co-host had ties to the Clinton Foundation. Lauer was once listed as a  notable member  of The Clinton Global Initiative, the fundraising conduit of the scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation.Today, another close friend of the Clinton s saw his career as the highest paid morning host come to an abrupt end over sexual misconduct and assault allegations, as NBC announced that Matt Lauer had been fired from the Today Show.  Variety spoke with 10 past and present workers at the company who accused Lauer of a vast array of sexual misconduct, including the woman who claims that she was sexually assaulted by the show s long-time anchor beginning in 2014 at the Sochi Olympics.That woman also shared her account with the human resources and legal departments of NBC News on Monday.NBC launched an investigation into her claims on Tuesday morning which ultimately led to Lauer s firing that same evening. That swift response was still not enough for some women however, who said their complaints to executives at the company fell on deaf ears.Those interviewed said it was at the OIympic Games where Lauer made moves on a number of female staff members. Lauer would invite women employed by NBC late at night to his hotel room while covering the Olympics in various cities over the years,  claims Variety reporter Ramin Setoodeh. He later told colleagues how his wife had accompanied him to the London Olympics because she didn t trust him to travel alone.  None of the 10 individuals who spoke with Variety are identified in the piece, including the woman who got the sex toy along with  an explicit note about how he wanted to use it on her. That woman said she was  mortified,  while a fellow co-worker s state was described as  visibly shaken  after Lauer allegedly flashed her in his office.When she did not do anything, Lauer reportedly  reprimanded her for not engaging in a sexual act. His office was in a secluded space, and he had a button under his desk that allowed him to lock his door from the inside without getting up,  writes Setoodeh. This afforded him the assurance of privacy. It allowed him to welcome female employees and initiate inappropriate contact while knowing nobody could walk in on him. That information came courtesy of two of the women who spoke with the writer of the piece. He couldn t sleep around town with celebrities or on the road with random people because he s Matt Lauer and he s married. So he d have to do it within his stable, where he exerted power, and he knew people wouldn t ever complain. While not named, one woman, in particular, seemed to catch Lauer s eye according to thse interviewed for the piece. Several employees recall how he paid intense attention to a young woman on his staff that he found attractive, focusing intently on her career ambitions,  reads the story. And he asked the same producer to his hotel room to deliver him a pillow. Lauer s fixation on women s bodies and physical appearance is also a big part of the story, with multiple people saying that he would often play the game  F***, Marry or Kill  with staffers.One of the show s anchors would often gossip about Lauer s sexual escapades according to staffers while a former reporter said:  Management sucks there. They protected the s*** out of Matt Lauer.   Daily Mail ",0
9321,JUST IN: Washington Post Exposed: Russia Story: ‘F*cking Crap Shoot…Maybe it Doesn’t Exist’ [Video],"The Washington Post has been pushing the Russia story for months but do they really believe their own bullsh*t?They were just caught on undercover video saying they really haven t found anything on President Trump Adam Entous of The Washington Post spoke the truth about how the reporters are pushing the Russia story even though it s a nothingburger:  But we really haven t addressed  Our reporting has not taken us to a place where I would be able to say with any confidence that the result of it is going to be the president being guilty of being in cahoots with the Russians. There s no evidence of that that I ve seen so far. We ve seen a lot of flirtation, if you will, between them but nothing that, in my opinion, would rank as actual collusion. Now that doesn t mean that it doesn t exist, it just means we haven t found it yet. Or maybe it doesn t exist. Frankly, it s a shame that these people keep up this charade. A  crap shoot ? Why in the world are they pushing this non-story except to defame Trump with lies or are they getting paid under the table to smear POTUS? Maybe both?OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE NEW YORK TIMES EXPOSED BY PROJECT VERITAS:Project Veritas  latest installment in the American Pravda series takes aim at The New York Times, the supposed  paper of record.  In the first part of this series, Nicholas Dudich, Audience Strategy Editor for the Times  extensive video library speaks candidly about how his left political bias influences his editorial judgement and reveals an unusual connection to former FBI Director James Comey, and a strange association with domestic terror group Antifa.Since this video came out, the New York Times released a statement saying they ve launched an investigation:This should have been done when hiring this former antifa thug who also worked for Clinton.RT reported:In the video, Dudich calls himself the  gatekeeper  for all the New York Times videos posted online, saying that his  imprint is on every video we do. Any video that goes on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram   I have a hand in that,  Dudich said.When talking journalistic ethics, Dudich is captured sarcastically making air quotes while he said that he will  be objective  working for the Times before quickly admitting:  no I m not. That s why I m there. According to the New York Times ethical handbook, employees  must do nothing that might raise questions about their professional neutrality or that of The Times. As a journalist, I m not able to give any money to any political organization. I m not able to volunteer for any political organization. I m not able to work for any nonprofit or charity. Like, there s a lot of guidelines and ethics,  Dudich said.However, before joining the Times, Dudich worked social media on the 2012 presidential campaign of former President Barack Obama and the 2016 presidential campaign of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.When asked how he was able to be politically active and still work as a journalist, Dudich said that he had to leave his job at ABC to take a job where he  wasn t deemed a journalist anymore  in order to work for the Clinton campaign.Dudich said he made the sacrifice in order to work against Trump, who he said was a  threat. I saw the threat and I was like, I want to do something,  Dudich said.  Trump was a threat and still is a threat, right? Trump is a threat,  the interviewer interjects.  He s a threat. Oh, he s a threat to everything,  Dudich added.Read more President/co-founder of The Dream Corps and CNN contributor Van Jones   Rich Polk CNN s Van Jones calls Russia  nothing burger  video  edited, right-wing propaganda  At one point, Dudich explains his idea to make Trump resign or leave office by going after his businesses and his  dumb f**k of a son, Donald Jr., and Eric. Target that. Get people to boycott going to his hotels,  Dudich said.  If you can ruin the Trump brand and you put pressure on his business and you start investigating his business and you start shutting it down, or they re hacking or other things. He cares about his business more than he cares about being President. He would resign. Or he d lash out and do something incredibly illegal, which he would have to. ",0
9322,TRUMP DEMANDS INVESTIGATION Into “Accidental” Death Of 28-Yr Old Joe Scarborough Staffer,"With all of the stories of, TV hosts involved in sexual misconduct, it s a mystery why nobody brings ups the  accidental  death of Joe Scarborough s female staffer. Last November, President Trump called for an investigation into the death of Lori Klausutis, a 28-year-old staffer for then-Congressman Joe Scarborough. Many Morning Joe viewers probably have forgotten, or never knew, that the body of a female aide once was found in Scarborough s Congressional office. Investigators quickly saw that a blow to the head, delivered accidentally or intentionally, was involved in Lori Klausutis  death. There are also some serious questions as to the mental competency of the doctor who performed the autopsy, as well as an important question about why there was no time of death recorded on his autopsy.According to the Daily Kos: Joe Scarborough, a U.S. Congressman from Florida s 1st District from 1995 suddenly resigned only 5 months into his 4th term in September 2001. His reason? The classic  In order to spend more time with his children Curiously, just 2 months before he resigned, his 28-year-old staffer was found dead in his office.While Mainstream Media was hounding Democrat U.S. Congressman Gary Condit about his missing ex-intern, Chandra Levy, viewers heard next to nothing about Joe s intern, a healthy 28-year-old woman was found dead in his Congressional District Office in Fort Walton Beach, FL.Only two days after Scarborough s staffer was found dead in his office, the 9-11 terror attack happened, and this huge story was mostly ignored by media outlets. In a tweet calling for Scarborough and MSNBC president Phil Griffin to be terminated in the wake of Matt Lauer s firing, the president mentioned an  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago. So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!  the president wrote to his 43.6 million followers.So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2017Trump was referencing Lori Klausutis, 28-year-old office staffer who worked for Scarborough when he was a representative from Florida. Klausutis was found dead in the congressman s district office in July 2001.  The HillThe autopsy of Lori Klausutis makes no reference to a time of death. That raises new questions about an investigation that started when the 28-year-old woman s body was found in the office of then U.S. Representative Joe Scarborough in summer 2001.Accidental death was the official finding in the Klausutis case, with a cardiac arrhythmia causing her to fall and hit her head on a desk. But the recent discovery of human remains at a storage unit in Pensacola, Florida, casts doubt on that ruling. That s because the storage unit was rented by Dr. Michael Berkland, the man who conducted the Klausutis autopsy 11 years earlier.Berkland now faces a felony charge of improper storage of hazardous waste, and the grisly nature of the discovery calls his competence and perhaps his sanity into question.Daily Mail   Florida was not the only place Berkland ran into trouble over his work. In 1996, he was fired as a contract medical examiner in Jackson County, Missouri, in a dispute over his autopsy reports.Berkland had incorrectly stated on the reports that he had taken sections of several brains to be preserved as specimens for medical conferences and teaching purposes, AP reported.He claimed they were  proofreading errors  and the Missouri attorney general s office found they did not jeopardize any criminal cases.Berkland complained the actions against him were unfair because he was unable to present evidence in his defense. His doctor s license was ultimately revoked there. Independent blogger, Legal Schnauzer suggested in 2012 that Berkland s findings be dismissed and that his autopsy of the deceased staffer should not be trusted: Was the Lori Klausutis autopsy conducted in a professional manner? Was foul play prematurely ruled out? Should the investigation be reopened, perhaps with renewed scrutiny for Scarborough and others who might have had access to his office at the time?So it s hard to figure why the autopsy makes no reference to the time of death. (See full autopsy report here.)Why is that a key omission? Consider this from an online document titled  Determining Time of Death (TOD) :Why is it important to know the time of death?  TOD can set the time of murder  Eliminate or suggest suspects  Confirm or disprove alibisWhy did Berkland not include this critical detail? It s not as if his report does not provide plenty of other details. He tells us that Klausutis was wearing a white thong on the day of her death. (Page 7.) He tells us that she had a  shaved genital region.  (Page 8.) But no time of death?The core of the autopsy report can be found in the comment section, pages 3-7. This probably is the central finding:There is no doubt that the head injury is as a result of a fall, rather than a blow being delivered to the heading by a moving object. Lori has a classic  contrecoup  injury, or bruise to the brain, meaning that her brain was bruised on the opposite side from where the external force was applied. The left side of Lori s brain was bruised while the external abraded contusion (scratch and bruise) was in the right temple region. The contrecoup contusion results when a freely moving, mobile head strikes an unyielding, firm, fixed object in a fall, as in the floor, or in this case, the desk. This finding is in marked distinction from the  coup  contusion, or that injury which results from a moving object (example a ball bat) that strikes a stationary head. In the coup injury, there is bruising of the brain on the same side as the external injury. There was no coup contusion in Lori Klausutis.What would cause a seemingly healthy young woman, an avid runner, to collapse and lose consciousness, unable to break her fall? Berkland rules out some of the common causes of such an event a pulmonary embolus, a brain hemorrhage, a ruptured aneurysm, drug issues. He concludes:These facts leave only a cardiac arrhythmia as the reason to go unconscious and subsequently fall and strike the desk in an unprotected fashion. If Lori s heart was normal, it would be problematic to postulate a plausible reason for a cardiac arrhythmia in such a young person. However, her heart was not normal. The heart contained an abnormality (floppy mitral valve) that is known to result in cardiac ectopy and dangerous cardiac arrhythmias.All of this sounds reasonable. But given recent events, can Michael Berkland s work be trusted? Why on earth was he keeping body parts in a storage unit? And did any of those parts once belong to Lori Klausutis?According to the Daily Kos, Dr. Berkland and his supervisor at the time, Dr. Gary Cumberland were known to be high-giving donors to Scarborough s Congressional campaigns. Did their relationship with Scarborough influence any and all the results issued by the M.E. s Office?",0
9323,LEFTIST REPORTERS Tie Hillary To Firing Of #MattLauer,"Once again, the left eats its own Liberal reporters used the unexpected firing of NBC News anchor Matt Lauer for unspecified sexual misconduct as an opportunity to mention how hard he was on Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election. It was a liberal pile-on with brutal attacks on twitter from journalists who actually called Lauer a  right winger  and  Trump apologist .Now that s funny!Annie Karni, White House reporter for Politico, tweeted about how Hillary Clinton condemned Matt Lauer s performance during the 2016 Commander-in-Chief forum.Hillary Clinton on Matt Lauer's performance during the Commander-in-Chief forum in 2016: ""Trump should have reported his performance as an in-kind contribution . I can't say I didn't fantasize about shaking some sense into Lauer while I was out there.""  Annie Karni (@anniekarni) November 29, 2017BuzzFeed World correspondent Borzou Daragahi used the firing to remind followers to  not forget  about Lauer covering Clinton s email controversy.Let's not forget Matt Lauer's shining moment of journalistic glory last year when he bulldozed over Clinton about her emails while letting Trump get away with lies https://t.co/RVl0ZkC3jr  Borzou Daragahi   (@borzou) November 29, 2017The left attacks its own AGAIN! Many on twitter are blaming Hillary for the ouster of Lauer. This means that he s being fired NOT because of  sexual misconduct  but for not following the party line and supporting Hillary? They might have a point. Lauer s escapades with women are legend so why fire him now? Is it the trend in sexual harassment cases or because he s out of favor with the liberal elites since the election last year? With these people you have to march in lockstep or you re out! How confusing!Numerous people have commented on our report about Lauer s firing to say they blame Hillary Who knew?OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON LAUER S FIRING: NBC was in  cover your ass  mode with their longtime anchor Matt Lauer s latest misstep coming to light via numerous news outlets. NBC News Chairman Andy Lack pulled the trigger to fire Lauer late last night after it was revealed that Lauer was going to be outed for sexual misconduct.Page Six reports:Longtime NBC anchor Matt Lauer allegedly sexually assaulted a female NBC staffer during the Rio Olympics. The staffer, who has not been named and wishes to remain anonymous, complained to NBC News bosses yesterday, prompting them to move fast and fire him. An NBC staffer come forward with a claim that Matt sexually assaulted her at the Olympics. There have been rumors about Matt having affairs with subordinates at NBC for years, but those were believed to be consensual. This incident in Rio was not. 2006  CRUEL AND INHUMANE His wife, Annette, famously filed for divorce in 2006, accusing him of  cruel and inhumane  behavior, but withdrew the filing a month later after they reached a private agreement. They ostensibly live separate lives, she living full time in the Hamptons with their children, while Matt resides in the city during the week.Lauer has been rumored to be a serial adulterer but this case was not consensual. A whole different ball of wax for the notorious cad.Rumors of an affair with Natalie Morales and other co-workers have been out there in the past. Lauer s current co-workers spoke out this morning claiming shock at what just happened:Matt Lauer has been terminated from NBC News. On Monday night, we received a detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer. As a result, we ve decided to terminate his employment. pic.twitter.com/1A3UAZpvPb  TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 29, 2017The victim wishes to remain anonymous we re wondering how long it will take for her name to be leaked out.",0
9324,PRESIDENT TRUMP Retweets 3 Videos Of Muslims Committing Disgusting Hate Crimes…The Left EXPLODES,"The left woke up in a fury after they discovered President Trump retweeted 3 videos showing disgusting hate crimes committed against Europeans by Muslims.  Was the President trying to prove his case about how the mass Muslim migration into Europe is destroying their cultures and making the citizens unsafe? President Trump didn t include any commentary with his retweets, he simply retweeted the videos. Should President Trump have retweeted these videos? We d love to hear your thoughts in the comment section below.On Wednesday morning, President Trump retweeted videos posted by a British nationalist, which showed  Muslims  committing crimes.Trump retweeted content posted by Jayda Fransen, the deputy leader of Britain First, a far-right group that stands against theIslamisation of the United Kingdom.The first video purportedly shows a  Muslim migrant  beating up a Dutch boy on crutches.VIDEO: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! pic.twitter.com/11LgbfFJDq  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 28, 2017Twitter responded to the video with the boy on crutches by saying that the  Muslim migrant  who beat up the boy on crutches was arrested the next day and was actually a Dutch citizen. We have checked both Dutch (link and link) websites who claim that the boy was neither a Muslim or a migrant. We couldn t verify if either one of the sites we checked are legitimate sources of news.The fact that the president retweeted this bigot is disgusting.  Brian Krassenstein  (@krassenstein) November 29, 2017According to Dutch media, the culprit wasn't a Muslim. Also not a migrant. But a 16-year old Dutch boy from town of Edam-Volendam.He was arrested on May 13th 2017, one day after the incident happened.  Edna Sullivan (@SumTomGoingOn) November 29, 2017 The second video shows a  Muslim man  speaking to the camera and then bashing a statue of Virgin Mary on the ground, shattering herVIDEO: Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary! pic.twitter.com/qhkrfQrtjV  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 29, 2017thats such a good point pic.twitter.com/vfF8eKPPy6  blablaa (@CeeTheHit) November 29, 2017The third video President Trump retweeted shows an  Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! VIDEO: Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! pic.twitter.com/XxtlxNNSiP  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 29, 2017Not everyone disagreed with President Trump s retweets. Many  applauded him for bringing these videos to the attention of the world:Europe is lost. THIS is the new setting of Europe. It's so sad. You can thank Angela Merkel.  Joey Mannarino (@Realjmannarino) November 29, 2017It's already too late for the UK and much of Europe, but hopefully it can be at least managed. So much danger.  Joey Mannarino (@Realjmannarino) November 29, 2017Last year, Fransen was found guilty of religiously aggravated harassment after accosting a Muslim woman.The charge stemmed from a January 2016 incident in which Fransen, wearing a political uniform and during a so-called  Christian patrol,  accosted a Muslim woman named Sumayyah Sharpe in Luton, England. Daily Mail ",0
9325,JUST IN: Why Anchor #MattLauer Was Just Fired After Decades With NBC [Video],"NBC was in  cover your ass  mode with their longtime anchor Matt Lauer s latest misstep coming to light via numerous news outlets. NBC News Chairman Andy Lack pulled the trigger to fire Lauer late last night after it was revealed that Lauer was going to be outed for sexual misconduct.Page Six reports:Longtime NBC anchor Matt Lauer allegedly sexually assaulted a female NBC staffer during the Rio Olympics. The staffer, who has not been named and wishes to remain anonymous, complained to NBC News bosses yesterday, prompting them to move fast and fire him. An NBC staffer come forward with a claim that Matt sexually assaulted her at the Olympics. There have been rumors about Matt having affairs with subordinates at NBC for years, but those were believed to be consensual. This incident in Rio was not. 2006  CRUEL AND INHUMANE His wife, Annette, famously filed for divorce in 2006, accusing him of  cruel and inhumane  behavior, but withdrew the filing a month later after they reached a private agreement. They ostensibly live separate lives, she living full time in the Hamptons with their children, while Matt resides in the city during the week.Lauer has been rumored to be a serial adulterer but this case was not consensual. A whole different ball of wax for the notorious cad.Rumors of an affair with Natalie Morales and other co-workers have been out there in the past. Lauer s current co-workers spoke out this morning claiming shock at what just happened:Matt Lauer has been terminated from NBC News. On Monday night, we received a detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer. As a result, we ve decided to terminate his employment. pic.twitter.com/1A3UAZpvPb  TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 29, 2017The victim wishes to remain anonymous we re wondering how long it will take for her name to be leaked out.",0
9326,YIKES! STUNNING VIDEOS Show ANYONE Can Hack MacOS High Sierra By Only Typing ONE WORD!,"According to WIRED   THERE ARE HACKABLE security flaws in software. And then there are those that don t even require hacking at all just a knock on the door and asking to be let in. Apple s macOS High Sierra has the second kind.On Tuesday, security researchers disclosed a bug that allows anyone a blindingly easy method of breaking that operating system s security protections. Anyone who hits a prompt in High Sierra asking for a username and password before logging into a machine with multiple users, they can simply type  root  as a username, leave the password field blank, click  unlock  twice, and immediately gain full access.In other words, the bug allows any rogue user that gets the slightest foothold on a target computer to gain the deepest level of access to a computer, known as  root  privileges. Malware designed to exploit the trick could also fully install itself deep within the computer, no password required. We always see malware trying to escalate privileges and get root access,  says Patrick Wardle, a security researcher with Synack.  This is best, easiest way ever to get root, and Apple has handed it to them on a silver platter. As word of the security vulnerability rippled across Twitter and other social media, a few security researchers found they couldn t replicate the issue, but others captured and posted video demonstrations of the attack, like Wardle s GIF below, and another that shows security researcher Amit Serper logging into a logged-out account. WIRED also independently confirmed the bug.Watch these two incredible videos posted to Twitter letting Apple know they have a  HUGE  security issue at MacOS High Sierra:  pic.twitter.com/4TBh5NetIS  patrick wardle (@patrickwardle) November 28, 2017Just tested the apple root login bug. You can log in as root even after the machi was rebooted pic.twitter.com/fTHZ7nkcUp  Amit Serper (@0xAmit) November 28, 2017The fact that the attack could be used on a logged-out account raises the possibility that someone with physical access could exploit it just as easily as malware, points out Thomas Reed, an Apple-focused security researcher with MalwareBytes. They could, for instance, use the attack to gain root access to a logged-out machine, set a root password, and then regain access to a machine at any time.  Oooh, boy, this is a doozy,  says Reed.  So, if someone did this to a Mac sitting on a desk in an office, they could come back later and do whatever they wanted. Facebook user Brian Matiash tells Mac users about how they protect their Mac from being hacked. We cannot confirm or deny if his advice is legit, we are simply sharing it with you. Matiash gives Facebook users the following advice: Wonders never cease, Apple. How can such a painfully obvious bug like this make it by your QA teams? At least make the default root password be  password  or something. FFS, guys. Get you damned act together. EDIT: It would be socially responsible of me to state that there is a fairly easy workaround. Start by opening up Terminal.app and type the following command: sudo passwd -u root Next, enter your primary user password. Then, enter a new password for root and retype it to confirm. There. You re protected.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Wonders never cease, Apple. How can such a painfully obvious bug like this make it by your QA teams? At least make the default root password be 'password' or something. FFS, guys. Get you damned act together.EDIT: It would be socially responsible of me to state that there is a fairly easy workaround. Start by opening up Terminal.app and type the following command:sudo passwd -u rootNext, enter your primary user password. Then, enter a new password for root and retype it to confirm. There. You're protected.Posted by Brian Matiash on Tuesday, November 28, 2017Reed also notes, however and other researchers confirm that it s possible to block the attack by either setting a password for the root user or disabling root access altogether. If you ve installed High Sierra and haven t set a root password or disabled root access, you should do it now.In a statement, Apple confirmed the problem, reiterated that short-term fix, and promised a longer-term software patch:  We are working on a software update to address this issue,  an Apple spokesperson wrote. ",0
9327,SARAH SANDERS Has Hysterical Response To The News That CNN Staffers Are Boycotting The White House Christmas Party,"CNN s Brian Stelter tweeted out the news that CNN staffers won t be attending the White House Christmas party Yes, another liberal temper tantrum all because President Trump called them out for being fake news. The funny thing is that right after Stelter s tweet, Sarah Sanders tweeted out the best response EVER! She s so funny!W.H. is hosting a Christmas party for media this Friday at 2pm. Lots of curiosity about who will & will not attend. CNN staffers will not, per @JasonSchwartz https://t.co/HL8UmXsqrz  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) November 29, 2017A CNN spokesperson said it would be  inappropriate to celebrate with him as his invited guests .This temper tantrum comes after POTUS tweeted about CNN being  fake news :.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 25, 2017POLITICO reported:Adding fuel to its growing feud with President Donald Trump, CNN told POLITICO it will be boycotting the White House Christmas party for the media this year. CNN will not be attending this year s White House Christmas party,  a CNN spokesperson said.  In light of the President s continued attacks on freedom of the press and CNN, we do not feel it is appropriate to celebrate with him as his invited guests. We will send a White House reporting team to the event and report on it if news warrants. The annual event, scheduled for Friday at 2 p.m., is typically seen as a time when reporters and their bosses can mingle freely with administration members, but Trump s posture toward the press has been uniquely aggressive.THEN  SARAH SANDERS POSTED THE FUNNIEST TWEET IN RESPONSE TO THE CNN TEMPER TANTRUM:Christmas comes early! Finally, good news from @CNN. https://t.co/3GeJysIol3  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 29, 2017Go Sarah! The crybaby CNN staffers will lose in the end. They ll miss out on a great party at the White House!",0
9328,JUST IN: JUDICIAL WATCH Claims Comey’s FBI Hid and “Blacked Out” Records Of Secret Loretta Lynch Meeting With Bill Clinton On Tarmac,"Remember when President Barack Obama s Attorney General Loretta Lynch just happened to get a surprise visit in Phoenix, while on the tarmac at the airport, from the husband of the Democrat candidate for President, former President Bill Clinton? Have Americans already forgotten, that the secret meeting between Lynch and Bill Clinton took place only hours before the DOJ was about to release their report on Benghazi?  Remember when Loretta Lynch told the media that their secret meeting was  primarily social  and was mostly about grandchildren and golf?  Primarily? Watch:As previously reported by Gateway Pundit, Judicial Watch forced the FBI to admit it has 30 new documents related to the infamous Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting in mid-October.This is after the FBI originally told Judicial Watch they couldn t locate any records related to the tarmac meeting.Fitton blasted the FBI! The FBI is out of control. It is stunning that the FBI  found  these Clinton-Lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit. Judicial Watch will continue to press for answers about the FBI s document games in court. In the meantime, the FBI should stop the stonewall and release these new records immediately. Previous tarmac meeting documents released were redacted by the DOJ not Obama s DOJ, Trump s DOJ under Jeff Sessions! The talking points are completely blacked out you heard that right. They re blacked out. Again, they weren t blacked out by Attorney General Lynch, they weren t blacked out by James Comey, they weren t blacked out by Barack Obama. They were blacked out by the Justice Department run by Attorney General Sessions, an appointee of President Trump. Isn t that outrageous? Today, Judicial Watch president, Tom Fitton blasted James Comey, and the FBI for lying about the documents they were hiding about the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting on Twitter:FBI Hid Clinton/Lynch Tarmac Meeting Records. But the cover-up begins to end   thanks to @JudicialWatch   the day after tomorrow. @RealDonaldTrump needs to clean house at FBI/DOJ. https://t.co/tytBp28sYL  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) November 28, 2017",0
9329,JUST IN: TRUMP HITS BACK At ‘Nancy and Chuck’ with Stunning Visual…Pelosi Has A Twitter Meltdown [Video],"We reported earlier today that  Chuck and Nancy  decided to be no-shows to a budget meeting after POTUS tweeted a scorchingly honest assessment of the two Democrat leaders (see below)WELL, IN TRUE TRUMP STYLE, THE PRESIDENT SET UP A GREAT VISUAL FOR A PRESSER:MOMENTS AGO: @POTUS, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, & Secretary Mattis delivered remarks on tax reform votes and North Korea's ICBM launch. pic.twitter.com/dA9jmoIiJk  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 28, 2017NANCY GOES BONKERS WITH DELUSIONAL CLAIMS ABOUT POTUS:.@realDonaldTrump now knows that his verbal abuse will no longer be tolerated. His empty chair photo opp showed he s more interested in stunts than in addressing the needs of the American people. Poor Ryan and McConnell relegated to props. Sad!  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) November 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump now knows that his verbal abuse will no longer be tolerated. His empty chair photo opp showed he s more interested in stunts than in addressing the needs of the American people. Poor Ryan and McConnell relegated to props. Sad!,  Pelosi tweeted.ONCE AGAIN, TRUMP OUTWITS THE WASHINGTON SWAMP DWELLERS MAGA! HERE S WHAT HAPPENED EARLIER TODAY:Senate Minority Leader Schumer and House Minority Leader Pelosi are having a temper tantrum after President Trump exposed them for who they really are in a scorching tweet:PRESIDENT TRUMP S TWEET: Meeting with  Chuck and Nancy  today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don t see a deal!Meeting with  Chuck and Nancy  today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don t see a deal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 28, 2017BURN!  CHUCK AND NANCY  CAN T HANDLE THE TRUTH!They released a joint statement on Tuesday saying they were not playing They were taking their ball and going home like a couple of toddlers. Were they EVER in the budget game to make any reasonable compromise? We think they asked for unreasonable things that Trump just couldn t pull the trigger on. Amnesty for Dreamers could be one of those things. We don t have details but we re thinking it s why Trump tweeted about one borders.A portion of the statement reads: Given that the President doesn t see a deal between Democrats and the White House, we believe the best path forward is to continue negotiating with our Republican counterparts in Congress instead. Rather than going to the White House for a show meeting that won t result in an agreement, we ve asked Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan to meet this afternoon, THE TWEET IS THE TRUTH It s about time someone called these two out for putting Americans last!",0
9330,JOY BEHAR Still Claims Clinton Won…BUT Wore Bizarre Mourning Item When Hillary Lost [Video],"The View s Joy Behar just let everyone know that she s a sore loser who just can t let go that Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. Even though she refuses to acknowledge Trump as president and says Hillary won, she told The View audience that she wore a black veil when Clinton lost indicating that she was in mourning. So which is it?She represents all of those on the left so well. She s STILL bitter and in denial over the loss. What a waste of time and energy to be part of the  resistance  to President Trump.She gets into it with  co-host Meghan McCain over it:   She did win and I m not going to give that up. The segment started with a  Hot Topics  discussion of Sen. John McCain s (R., Ariz.) interview with Esquire magazine where he trashed Clinton s post-election book. He sat down for an interview with Esquire, and he would like Hillary Clinton to hush. Because he says he felt it was a mistake for her to write a book so soon after she lost and that he learned after his loss the hardest thing to do is just shut up. Now, is he right?,  co-host Whoopi Goldberg asked her fellow hosts. With all due respect to your father and whom I like very much, I think he s wrong,  Behar said toward McCain.  I think a woman s place is in the resistance. The woman won the election. Behar s comment was met with audience applause and cheers. What I think I could get on board with if she wrote it and got it out but maybe waited to release it so it becomes more historical. Because I think the optics of looking at someone that s lost whether you agree with them, and I voted for her, or not it looks bad when you didn t win and you re talking,  co-host Sara Haines said. She did win,  Behar interjected.  She did win and I m not going to give that up. She didn t win,  McCain retorted. She won the popular vote,  co-host Sonny Hostin said.Behar continued to argue with McCain that Clinton won the election. But we don t elect presidents in America with the popular vote,  McCain said. I get that. But the numbers are still there,  Behar replied. Does that make you feel good at night when you re so angry about Trump, does that make you feel better?  McCain quipped. No, it doesn t,  Behar said.Behar then admitted she work a black veil when Trump beat Hillary.McCain recounted the night her father lost to President Barack Obama in 2008, expressing the extent to which she understands the difficulties of losing an election. Because you were up close and personal when your father didn t win the election,  Hostin said. And I ve been there on election nights for other candidates who have wanted it and it s deeply sad. On election night we prayed and my father told me to  buck up, we re the most blessed people in the world.  And then, we didn t complain about it. We as a family recognized President Obama as the phenomenon that he was,  McCain said.  Whether or not you like it, President Trump is a populist phenomenon in a completely different way. And I think if I were you, and I m part of the resistance, I would look forward to new leadership. ",0
9331,"GRAMMYS Nominate All-Black Artists…SNUB Country Music, White Musicians Over “White Supremacy” Concerns…#BoycottGrammys","On Tuesday, the Grammys announced their nominations for the 2018 awards shows, and there are some notable additions and snubs that make it look like the Recording Academy is getting into the business of identity politics.For the first time in 14 years, no country music acts were nominated for the top awards: record of the year, song of the year, and album of the year. Instead, the Grammys took a sharp turn towards honoring hip-hop, R&B, and funk for the top awards.According to Buzzfeed: The night s biggest category, Album of the Year, not only has majority black nominees, but also has no white male nominees for the first time in 19 years.This is also the first year the Record of the Year category is only people of color (with the exception of Justin Bieber, who is featured on Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee s  Despacito ).The Best New Artist category is also majority black this year with SZA, Khalid, and Lil Uzi Vert all gaining nominations. SZA is also this year s most Grammy-nominated woman.Rapper Jay-Z and pop singer Bruno Mars got nods in all three top categories, while rapper/singer Childish Gambino (a.k.a. Donald Glover), rapper Kendrick Lamar, and the coupling of Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee got nods in two of the top three categories. Meanwhile, rapper Logic got nominated for his anti-suicide song  1-800-273-8255  for song of the year.Objectively speaking, Jay-Z, Mars, Gambino, Lamar, Fonsi, and Yankee put out some great product this past year, and with any awards show, there are going to be some snubs. However, it appeared that Ed Sheeran, Lady Gaga, Pink, Kelly Clarkson, Kesha, and Miranda Lambert were all looked over from the top categories because of concerns about white supremacy. Instead, Lorde, the 20-year-old New Zealand singer, and Julia Michaels, the 24-year-old singer from Iowa, were the only pop acts to be nominated for the top categories.  Washington ExaminerSince rap seems to have surpassed country in popularity (well, at least according to the Grammys), in an effort to address  White supremacy , perhaps it s worth taking a look at the black rapper, Snoop Dogg, who shamelessly promotes killing our President and violence against his supporters. Paul Joseph Watson made a brilliant video that exposes how gangster rap increases racism in America.  racist 45-year-old rapper Snoop Dogg (**Language warning**): ",0
9332,JUST IN: ‘Chuck and Nancy’ Pull Out Of Budget Meetings with Trump After He Exposes Their True Agenda In One Awesome Tweet,"Senate Minority Leader Schumer and House Minority Leader Pelosi are having a temper tantrum after President Trump exposed them for who they really are in a scorching tweet:PRESIDENT TRUMP S TWEET: Meeting with  Chuck and Nancy  today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don t see a deal!Meeting with  Chuck and Nancy  today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don t see a deal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 28, 2017BURN!  CHUCK AND NANCY  CAN T HANDLE THE TRUTH!They released a joint statement on Tuesday saying they were not playing They were taking their ball and going home like a couple of toddlers. Were they EVER in the budget game to make any reasonable compromise? We think they asked for unreasonable things that Trump just couldn t pull the trigger on. Amnesty for Dreamers could be one of those things. We don t have details but we re thinking it s why Trump tweeted about one borders.A portion of the statement reads: Given that the President doesn t see a deal between Democrats and the White House, we believe the best path forward is to continue negotiating with our Republican counterparts in Congress instead. Rather than going to the White House for a show meeting that won t result in an agreement, we ve asked Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan to meet this afternoon, THE TWEET IS THE TRUTH It s about time someone called these two out for putting Americans last! ",0
9333,BRETT BAIER’S Dinner At Mar-a-Lago Over Thanksgiving Weekend Has The Left In Full Meltdown,"Fox News anchor Bret Baier was a surprise visitor at Mar-a-Lago on Thanksgiving weekend.  Speculation swirled that Baier s  attendance was a sign of media bias or collusion between President Trump and Fox News.  Why else would Baier have dinner at  the president s exclusive club?It was actually a coincidence Baier and his wife were spending the weekend with Jack Nicklaus who is a member of Mar-a-Lago. Fox News clarified the chance meeting with a tweet:Fox News statement on this photo: ""Bret Baier and his wife attended a dinner at Mar-a-Lago as a guest of Jack Nicklaus, whose home they were staying at for the weekend. He was asked to take a photo with Nicklaus and the President and obliged."" pic.twitter.com/4poD1otcwu  Jon Levine (@LevineJonathan) November 26, 2017The left went nuts with slams against Baier, Fox News and golf legend Jack Nicklaus Jack Nicklaus was attacked by numerous liberals on twitter for hanging out with the Fox News host and the POTUS. These people are relentless and brutal in their judgement of others. We thought the left considered themselves to be a tolerant group We re guessing their tolerance is extended to everyone BUT conservatives. ",0
9334,WHOA! MSNBC Let Sheila Jackson Lee Do Entire Interview With…A Nosebleed? [Video],"Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee did an entire interview on MSNBC Monday morning with what appeared to be a nosebleed dripping down her lip Why didn t anyone at MSNBC tell her to wipe her nose when she was off camera? Notice at the beginning of the interview, a staffer is off camera trying to tell her about the problem but she shoos the person away MSNBC Anchor Chris Jansing did the entire interview with Lee like this!Sheila Jackson Lee Does Entire MSNBC Interview With  A Nosebleed #TRUMP #CyberMonday #MondayMotivaton #FakeNewsTrophy #CFPB #TheStorm #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #TickTock @LowInfoTweeter pic.twitter.com/MACn5ZdLoK  John Dee -Deplorable (@GaltsGultch) November 27, 2017Daily Caller reported: Get away,  she said when MSNBC anchor Chris Jansing cut to her camera, while motioning for someone to get out of the camera shot.The unidentifiable liquid underneath her nose was immediately visible and stayed there throughout the interview, which lasted just under ten minutes. It s not totally clear what the liquid is, but based on the placement underneath the nose and the dark color, we can only guess that it is a nosebleed.The MSNBC producers apparently didn t think to do Jackson Lee a favor and tell her to wipe her nose while they weren t showing her on screen. The good news is that the supposed nose bleed matched the color of Jackson Lee s red blazer.",0
9335,ALL OF AL FRANKEN’S APOLOGIES To Women He Groped Have One Disturbing Thing In Common,"Al Franken returned to DC this week after a series of bombshell allegations of sexual harassment by several women. He claims to be  tremendously  sorry for his serial groping incidents but can t seem to recall them Yes, you ll love this Clintonesque tactic where you just claim you have no idea how this happened Daily Caller reported:The Minnesota Democrat has faced more and more outcry, even from within his own party, as the allegations continue to stack.  In total, four women have now accused Franken of inappropriately touching or groping them without consent.  Many in progressive circles are now calling for Franken s resignation. To date, Franken s office has said he will not resign and instead has issued controversial apologies to the women. The apologies issued by Franken range in length and content, however there is one very disturbing trend that each of them has in common.WHEN YOU READ THE FOUR APOLOGIES BELOW, WHAT IS THE COMMON THREAD?  Franken is unaware that he is sexually assaulting women. Franken regularly states in his apologies that he is unaware that his groping was offensive and often does not remember if it even happened.2.  I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don t remember taking this picture. I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected. 3.  It s difficult to respond to anonymous accusers, and I don t remember those campaign events. 4.  I take a lot of pictures in Minnesota, thousands of pictures, tens of thousands of people, those are instances that I do not remember. It has   from the stories it has been clear that there are some women and one is too many who feel that I have done something disrespectful at that assert them and for that I am tremendously sorry. ",0
9336,"BREAKING: Democrat Congressman, Vocal ILLEGAL ALIEN Advocate and Trump Impeachment Leader, Luis Gutiérrez To Announce He Won’t Run For Re-election…What’s Behind His Sudden Decision?","Rep. Luis Guti rrez (Ill.), one of the most vocal immigration reform advocates in the House, reportedly won t run for reelection.Three Democratic sources told Politico that Guti rrez plans to announce Tuesday that he s pulling his nominating petitions for the seat.He was one of several Democrats to endorse articles of impeachment filed against President Trump earlier this month.Guti rrez s spokesman, Douglas Rivlin, told Politico that he couldn t comment. I don t know anything. I don t know anything,  he said Monday.   The HillRepresentative Luis Gutierrez, the strongest voice in Congress for illegal aliens, has been a thorn in the side of Donald Trump ever since he won the GOP primary.  With absolutely no grounds, other than the fact that Trump won t be bullied into caving to the Democrat agenda, Gutierrez has been calling for the impeachment of Trump for quite some time. Gutierrez recently went off on an embarrassing rant about impeaching President Trump that was caught on video:Luis Gutierrez was recently arrested outside of the Trump Towers in New York while protesting over Trump s position on the protections President s executive order gave to DACA recipients.",0
9337,JUST IN: WASHINGTON POST Gets DESTROYED When Reporter Admits Truth About How They Cover President Trump In New Undercover Videos,"James O Keefe of Project Veritas has used his incredible talents to go undercover and expose crooked organizations like ACORN and Planned Parenthood. During the 2016 election, O Keefe was able to expose the corrupt underbelly of the Democrat Party who used paid plants to incite violence at Trump rallies. O Keefe was also able to tie Barack Obama directly to their chief organizer. Of course, every major #FakeNews outlet completely ignored these horrific coordinated acts of violence against innocent Americans.Over the past several months, O Keefe has been releasing undercover videos he s used to expose the bias and unprofessional tactics used by  news  publications like the New York Times and now, the Washington Post.Today, the Washington Post attempted to embarrass O Keefe for allegedly setting a trap for them with a woman posing as a  Roy Moore  sexual assault accuser.After seeing the woman entering Project Veritas, The Post made the unusual decision to report her previous off-the-record comments. https://t.co/W05qDKlhl8 pic.twitter.com/Q0uJ9iaBoo  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) November 27, 2017Here s a video the Washington Post released on Twitter, of reporters from WaPo ambushing O Keefe at his Project Veritas office.The @washingtonpost attempts to ambush @Project_Veritas anticipating an imminent video release  pic.twitter.com/6UV2tOeiAS  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Many Twitter users wondered if the Washington Post was trying to cover up a bombshell that O Keefe was about to drop on the publication owned by billionaire Amazon founder Jeff Bezos?O Keefe tweeted a response to the Washington Post s videotaped ambush, warning everyone to fasten their seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts.  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Josh Caplan suggests that WaPo reporters who hounded O Keefe were panicked. Was the ambush on O Keefe by WaPo reporters over his alleged use of a plant disguised as a  Roy Moore accuser , simply a way to discredit O Keefe in advance of his expose on them?Panicked Reporters Stalk Project Veritas HQ As Rumors Swirl @JamesOKeefeIII Is Set To Expose Washington Posthttps://t.co/BV66enlqbq  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 27, 2017BREAKING: Undercover video inside @washingtonpost shows National Security Correspondent @danlamothe and Director of Product @josephjames discussing WaPo's hidden agenda #AmericanPravda #ProjectVeritas Full: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/o4qi8DQyAz  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017This video allegedly shows Amazon founder Jeff Bezos  direct influence in the Washington Post s newsroom:.@josephjames, who works closely with the Jeff Bezos at the Post, sheds light on Bezos's influence in the newsroom. pic.twitter.com/KJcUSCqO5F  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Washington Post s Dan LaMonthe calls out the New York Times and CNN for their bias in this video:Looks like @DanLamothe is a fan of our #AmericanPravda series. Here he is attacking #CNN and #NYT for their extreme bias against @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/PHv7HPFhkQ @washingtonpost pic.twitter.com/p79fzIOc1T  Project Veritas (@Project_Veritas) November 28, 2017Here s another Dan LaMonthe video where he explains how the Washington Post works together to take down Trump following his tweets:WATCH: @washingtonpost reporter: ""I can't tell you how many times we get an email at work: 'Oh did you see what (Trump) just tweeted? What are we gonna do about it?"" Full video: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/OOOjE3kOx5  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Finally, Grant J. Kidney claims that Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump and his attack on the  Amazon Washington Post. Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump in his calling of the Washington Post, the  Amazon Washington Post .   pic.twitter.com/FNNhNFNaRg  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) November 28, 2017",0
9338,SARAH SANDERS Hits Back At Senator Warren For ‘Lying About Her Heritage’ [Video],"Notice in the exchange below that the reporters have a cohesive message saying President Trump calling Senator Warren Pocahontas is a  racial slur . They think we ll buy into their effort to make this is a  slur  if they say it often enough They re trying to hijack the narrative by repeating an untruth as fact Nice Alynsky tactic by the press Watch how Sarah Sanders turns it all around and asks why no one is asking why Warren lied about being Native American Another great job by Sarah!Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Monday it is  ridiculous  for Senator Warren to consider  Pocahontas  to be a racial slur Sanders was responding to a question about whether it was offensive for President Donald Trump to use the nickname during a White House event honoring World War II code talkers. A reporter said the comment was  offensive to many,  but Sanders turned the issue back to Warren s unsubstantiated claim to Native American heritage. I think what most people find offensive is Senator Warren lying about her heritage to advance her career.    BOOM!Another reporter brought up Warren saying on MSNBC, just before the press conference began, that Trump s nickname constitutes a racial slur.  I think that is a ridiculous response,  Sanders answered. I think the president certainly finds an extreme amount of value and respect for these individuals, which is why he invited them to come to the White House and spent time with them in recognizing and honoring them today,  Sanders replied. He invited them here at the White House today to meet with them and to also remind everybody about what a historic role that they played many years ago. ",0
9339,ELIZABETH WARREN FREAKS After TRUMP REFERS To Her As “Pocahontas” During WH Ceremony With Native American Code Talkers…Forgets Bill Maher Just Called Her “Pocahontas” During Appearance On His Show [VIDEO],"While honoring Native American Code Talkers today at the White House, President Trump took a jab at Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren, who is best known for the lie she told to Harvard University on a job application, where she told them she was of Native American heritage, in order to receive special consideration, by allowing her to skip over more qualified candidates simply because of her fake Native American heritage. While running for her Senate seat in Massachusetts, her lie was uncovered, and shortly after that, the name  Pocahontas  was born, and it has stuck with her ever since.On Monday, the president decided to air the attack one more time alongside aging Native American veterans who helped fight fascism, in a White House ceremony attended by White House chief of staff John Kelly and other officials. Trump told the honorees,  You were here long before any of us were here. Although we have a representative in Congress who they say was here a long time ago. They call her Pocahontas. Watch:Here's the video: Trump calls Elizabeth Warren 'Pocahontas' while honoring Native American code talkers: ""You were here long before any of us were here. Although we have a representative in Congress who they say was here a long time ago. They call her Pocahontas."" pic.twitter.com/hjZ5MInDDf  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) November 27, 2017During his remarks, Trump recalled a time when Kelly asked him:  How good were these code talkers? He said sir, you have no idea. You have no idea what they ve done for this country. And the strength and the bravery and the love that they have for the country. That was the ultimate statement from General Kelly on the importance. The president spoke as code-talkers stood by him at a podium, while another was seated in a wheelchair.Peter MacDonald, a WWII veteran and former chairman of the Navajo tribe, gave introductory remarks by going through the history of the code talkers in the Pacific theater, including at the battles at Guadalcanal and Iwo Jima.  Daily Mail Warren immediately began shooting arrows at Trump during an appearance on one of the Democrat propaganda networks, MSNBC.After huffing and puffing to MSNBC about Donald Trump, and how he took a jab at her dishonesty by calling his  Pocahontas  remark a  racial slur , (an insult to Pochahontas, maybe, but a racial slur? Sorry Liz, we just don t see it) the dishonest Democrat Senator and wannabe President, Elizabeth Warren staged a dry run at Donald Trump for the Oval Office.  Look, Donald Trump has done this over and over again in the past, thinking he s going to shut me up with it. It hasn t worked in the past, it s not gonna work now.  Warren exclaimed in her nails-on-a-blackboard voice.  Shut her up with it?Watch:WATCH: Elizabeth Warren responds to Trump's ""Pocahontas"" remark on @MSNBC:""It is deeply unfortunate that the President of the United States cannot even make it through a ceremony honoring these heroes without having to throw out a racial slur."" pic.twitter.com/au1QntxDzR  NBC News (@NBCNews) November 27, 2017Last year, a video Native Americans made a Youtube video, slamming Warren and her lie about her Native American heritage. Watch:Warren obviously forgot that only months ago, liberal comedian Bill Maher referred to Warren as  Pocahontas  during an appearance on his show to push her book. Does anyone remember Warren appearing on MSNBC to call Maher s comments a  racial slur? ",0
9340,"OOPS! DOCUMENTS SHOW Roy Moore Represented Accuser’s Mother In “NASTY” Custody Case, Where She Won Custody Of 12-Yr Old Grandson…Accuser Also Plead “Guilty” To FELONY FRAUD Charges Against Family Member","Court documents related to Tina Johnson, an Alabama woman who claims that Republican senatorial candidate Roy Moore groped her in his office decades ago, may raise questions about Johnson s motives in making the accusation.The documents, reviewed by Breitbart News, show that Moore represented Johnson s mother in a nasty custody case for Johnson s then 12-year-old son, Daniel Sitz. In the case, Johnson was repeatedly painted by Moore s client as an unfit, absent, and unstable mother and was accused of taking her son from his elementary school against his will. Johnson s mother was ultimately awarded custody in the case.One affidavit signed by Johnson s mother while she was represented by Moore accused Johnson of having a  violent nature  and noted that she  has been treated by a psychiatrist when she was approximately 15 years of age.  Johnson was a teenage mother.Separate criminal documents show that, as late as 2010, Johnson was arrested and pled guilty to felony fraud charges related to checks belonging to a family member. She also entered a court drug program.Speaking to AL.com, Johnson first went public with the claim that Moore groped her when she was  on legal business with her mother  in 1991. The website noted that  Johnson reached out to AL.com  to discuss her alleged experience with Moore.The website related that Johnson was  at the office to sign over custody of her 12-year-old son to her mother, with whom he d been living. Johnson claimed that, after the two met with Moore, her mother walked out of the office door first and that, as Johnson was walking out, Moore grabbed her buttocks from behind.  He didn t pinch it; he grabbed it,  she claims.Watch, as Tina Johnson tells CNN s Erin Burnett the  details  of her alleged sexual assault by Judge Roy Moore. It s curious that a woman with Johnson s background vs. the squeaky clean background of Judge Roy Moore would attempt to prove that her faith was stronger, or more somehow more relevant than Roy Moore s faith. A document, signed by Moore, stated that Cofield   and not Johnson   was the  most fit and proper person  to have custody of Daniel Sitz.Johnson s son had resided with his grandmother, Cofield, since he was nine months old. Cofield says that, during those years, she provided Daniel with food, clothing, and shelter  without any assistance  from Johnson. A judge officially granted Cofield full custody on September 23, 1991.Last week, Breitbart News interviewed Delbra Adams, Moore s former longtime secretary and judicial assistant. Adams said that, in her 13 years of working for Moore, she never saw or experienced any inappropriate conduct toward women.Adams worked for Moore in 1991 at the time of Johnson s accusations. Adams s desk was right outside his office door at the time. Adams  name was signed as a notary on one of the custody documents filed in Johnson s case on behalf of Johnson s mother, Cofield.   Breitbart News",0
9341,DENZEL WASHINGTON Tells Black Americans To “Stop blaming the prison system…It starts at home. It starts with how you raise your children”,"This isn t going to go over well with Obama s Black Lives Matter folks Veteran actor Denzel Washington says his latest role as a dogged defense attorney in Roman J. Israel, Esq. reinforced his belief that black men  can t blame the system  because we make it  easy work  when it comes to filling America s prisons. It starts at the home. It starts at home. It starts with how you raise your children. If a young man doesn t have a father figure, he ll go find a father figure,  the Academy Award-winner told reporters at the Dan Gilroy-directed film s New York premiere, the New York Daily News reports. So you know I can t blame the system. It s unfortunate that we make such easy work for them,  Washington said.The 62-year-old Hollywood heavyweight told reporters that the subject of how fatherless young men fall into a life of crime and incarceration is a personal one. I grew up with guys who did decades (in prison), and it had as much to do with their fathers not being in their lives as it did to do with any system,  said Washington, whose character finds himself working in the overburdened Los Angeles criminal court system.  Now I was doing just as much as they were, but they went further. I just didn t get caught, but they kept going down that road and then they were in the hands of the system,  the actor added.  But it s about the formative years. You re not born a criminal.   Breitbart News This isn t the first time Washington pushed back on the  victim  narrative for black Americans. The self-proclaimed radical feminist Jenn M. Jackson wrote a hit piece on Denzel Washington in December 2016. In her article, Jackson expresses concern that Denzel  is a little less woke than all of us had hoped.  She even suggests that instead of being honest about his thoughts on racism, Washington would have been better off keeping his mouth shut. LOL! From Jackson s hit piece on Washington: In a recent interview with BET, Washington was asked if he thought colorism (the discrimination against people with darker skin tones) was holding back darker-skinned Black actresses in Hollywood. As BGLH reports, Washington was initially confused about what colorism was, asking the interviewer, Smriti Mundhra,  what does that mean? Moments later he said, One of the best roles for a woman of any color in the last, in a good good while or at least any movie that I ve been in, a dark-skinned woman has in this film. So as long as you re being lead by outside forces or just being reactionary then you won t move forward. You have to continue to get better. However, he goes on to add,  You can say,  Oh I didn t get the part because they gave it to the light-skinned girl, or you can work, and one day, it might take twenty years, and you can be Viola. He continues, The easiest thing to do is to blame someone else, the system. Yeah, well, there s a possibility, maybe, that you re not good enough, but it s easy to say it s someone else s fault. But there s a possibility that you re not ready and you can still blame it on someone else instead of getting ready. ",0
9342,LOL! PRESIDENT TRUMP Wants Network Who Pushes Most #FakeNews Coverage “Of Your Favorite President (me)” To Receive A HILARIOUS Award,"Earlier today, President Trump tweeted:  We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY! Not only is his latest tweet hilarious, but it speaks to the millions of Trump supporters who are sick and tired of watching #FakeNews networks like CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC, and PBS spew their vile, leftist propaganda. These over-paid activists, who are posing as hosts of  news  shows, are so consumed with hate, that they don t even try to hide their embarrassingly biased coverage of our President.We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2017Is President Trump correct when he says the media has treated him unfairly? Well, an interesting study from the far-left leaning Harvard University, provided stunning evidence that proves President Trump is 100% correct:  Chicago Tribune  Harvard University s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy has come out with a study of media coverage of the Trump White House in its first 100 days.It is astonishing because it comes from Harvard, not exactly the bedrock of American conservatism.The study found that in Trump s first 100 days in office, the tone of the news coverage of the president has been a whopping 80 percent negative to 20 percent positive.So what does fair and balanced really mean, anyway? It confirms what most people understand,  said Tom Bevan, publisher and co-founder of RealClearPolitics, one of the go-to websites for media and political junkies.Bevan spoke as a guest on  The Chicago Way  podcast that I co-host with WGN-AM radio producer Jeff Carlin. The response will be that Trump is deserving of this kind of coverage because he s conducted himself inappropriately, and these are self-inflicted wounds, and the press is doing nothing but covering him and his actions. But that s a little bit disingenuous,  Bevan said.So how was President Obama covered in his first 100 days? With a 60-40 positive to negative ratio, according to the Harvard study. That s a significant shift, a significant difference,  says Bevan.  I think this is reflective of the fact that the media does root from the press box and they do cheer for certain personalities and they do cheer against others. I have my own memory of the media s tone after Obama took office. It wasn t merely positive, it was adoring, gushy, in the way a small child looks up to a beloved parent, or a dog to the master who gives it biscuits.It was as if the media were hugging a magical unicorn. Obama wasn t only given the benefit of the doubt. He was handed the Nobel Peace Prize though he hadn t done anything to earn it. And critics were trashed as nothing but racists.Obama controversies, from his administration s gun running scandal in the  Fast and Furious  debacle to using the Internal Revenue Service as a weapon against conservative groups, were covered, somewhat. But generally, the tone was muted, respectful, nothing like it was for Trump or the Clintons.Later, in Hillary Clinton s failed 2016 campaign, leaks of Democratic National Committee email   whether hacked by the Russians or not   demonstrated collusion between journalists and Democrats. But that cozy relationship has never properly been addressed, and that avoidance undermines the credibility of journalism as the media challenges Trump. Because of the way the press covered Obama, they lost so much credibility,  Bevan said.  And because they did not take these things seriously, the IRS Scandal, Fast and Furious, you could go down the list of where they turned the other cheek.   And now where they re giving Trump the third degree on everything, that makes the contrast all that much greater. So you have a certain segment of the public, the people who voted for Trump, who literally do not trust what the media says. And the divide between rigidly defined political tribes, one courted by the media, the other dismissed by it, grows even wider. It s not good for journalism, and it s not good for the country,  said Bevan. ",0
9343,‘MORNING JOE’ HOSTS Hail John Conyers as ‘Icon’…Who ‘Shows Up In His Pajamas’ [Video]," Morning Joe  hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough agreed on Monday with Nancy Pelosi s defense of scandal-ridden Rep. John Conyers.  Look I think it s really important that the words  due process  have come up in this conversation, not that it s possible in every situation, but in this situation  Every situation that we ve covered in the past two months is different,  Brzezinski said referring to numerous accusations of sexual misconduct that have been levied against celebrities and politicians. They all have different dynamics to them, they all have different levels of nasty to them or bad to them. And they all need to be treated differently. This one breaks my heart, it really does,  Brzezinski said.In a report released last week, Conyers, 88-years-old and the longest currently serving congressman, was accused of settling a previous harassment claim, and further accused by other former staffers of misconduct. He subsequently stepped down as the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee. The congressman denies the allegations. Michigan Congressman John Conyers has been in the spotlight recently for being a repeat sexual harasser to women he works with. He even showed up for a meeting in his underwear! Yikes!Nancy Pelosi defended Conyers on  Meet the Press  when she called him an  icon She went on to say that he deserves  due process . That s pretty ironic when you think of how the left wants to lock up any Republican right away if they re accused of wrongdoing. Conyers gets a pass because he s an  icon ? This is just more insanity from Pelosi who needs to retire with Conyers..@NancyPelosi: Accused Congressman Conyers is an ""icon"" in our country. #MTP pic.twitter.com/4QlKKJTIJP  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) November 26, 2017 SHOWED UP TO A MEETING IN HIS UNDERWEAR The Detroit Free Press reported:A lawyer who formerly worked for U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit, and later ran an ethics watchdog group in the nation s capital confirmed for the Free Press on Thursday that Conyers verbally abused her, criticized her appearance and once showed up to a meeting in his underwear.Melanie Sloan, a well-known Washington lawyer who for three years in the 1990s worked as Democratic counsel on the House Judiciary Committee, where Conyers remains the ranking Democrat, told the Detroit Free Press that Conyers constantly berated her, screaming at her and firing her and then rehiring her several times.She said he criticized her for not wearing stockings on at least one occasion. On another, she said he ordered her backstage from a committee field hearing on crime she had organized in New York City to babysit one of his children. Sloan made clear that she did not feel she had ever been sexually harassed, but that she felt  mistreated by this guy. ",0
9344,MAGNIFICENT! 2017 White House Christmas Decorations Cause a Liberal Meltdown [Video],"The 2017 Christmas decorations were unveiled in a stunning video montage showing the incredibly tasteful display complete with a nativity scene. The White House has never looked more like Christmas.TWITTER was immediately abuzz over the White House decorations The overwhelming majority of  negative comments refer to how the decorations are  over the top  or  tacky . The hate for all things Trump was visible in scorching comments from snowflakes:Yes, there were comments about the nativity scene too. The Hill commented on the nativity scene being included in Trump s first White House Christmas. Why wouldn t it be?Rumors swirled during Obama s presidency about whether the nativity scene would be displayed. We found that the Obamas discussed a  non-secular  Christmas but didn t follow through with it Can you imagine?THE OBAMAS DISCUSSED A  NON-SECULAR  CHRISTMAS?The Obamas talked about have a  non-secular Christmas  without a nativity scene at Christmas to be  more inclusive  but they didn t follow through with it: The New York Times reported:President Obama didn t ban a nativity scene display at the White House. A report that appeared in the New York Times  fashion section that made reference to the Obamas planning a  non-secular Christmas  is behind those rumors.The original report was about Desir e Rogers, a  glamorous corporate executive from Chicago,  joining the Obama White House as social security. In that role, Rogers would orchestrate White House special events and celebrations. Rogers mentioned the Obamas were discussing a  non-secular Christmas  display at the White House during an introductory luncheon:The lunch conversation inevitably turned to whether the White House would display its cr che, customarily placed in a prominent spot in the East Room. Ms. Rogers, this participant said, replied that the Obamas did not intend to put the manger scene on display   a remark that drew an audible gasp from the tight-knit social secretary sisterhood. (A White House official confirmed that there had been internal discussions about making Christmas more inclusive and whether to display the cr che.)",0
9345,"NORWAY’S TOUGH Immigration Minister BLASTS Sweden, WARNS Refugees: “If You Are An Economic Migrant” or an “Illegal Immigrant” You’ll Be Sent Home","Norway has a new immigration sheriff in town, and so far, it appears that she s singing the same tune as President Trump on immigration. And oh yeah, Sylvi Listhaug  doesn t give a damn  about her critics either. How far are bleeding-heart nations, like Sweden, France, the UK, and Germany willing to take this mass-immigration experiment, before they realize it s too late to turn back? Before her appointment to the cabinet on December 16, Listhaug, then agriculture minister, criticized what she called a  tyranny of kindness that is blowing over Norwegian society like a nightmare. It is very serious that politicians are using punitive measures that would make it more difficult for a number of asylum seekers who are entitled to protection,  asylum association spokesman Andreas Furuseth told the Norwegian news agency NTB.Listhaug said she wanted 40 or so major and minor asylum law changes submitted to parliament in February before the European spring season, when asylum seeker arrivals were expected to rise again.She told Norwegian NRK public television that her legislative package amounted to a  sharp retrenchment  on wide social entitlements previously granted to refugees.Some 35,000 asylum seekers arrived in Norway in 2015.It was a record for the oil and gas-rich Nordic nation of 5.2 million people, which in recent weeks saw fewer arrivals, in part because of border controls reintroduced in neighboring Sweden and the arrival of wintry weather.NRK said the proposed rule tightening would allow family reunifications only after the applicant had acquired four years of work or education in Norway.And, the government would issue voucher cards instead of cash for day-to-day items to prevent applicants from sending money to family back home.Migrants who arrived on transit visas via Russia would not be granted asylum.Older applicants in the 55 to 67 age group would be required to learn the Norwegian language and aspects of Norwegian society.Applicants who fail to present identity documents will be refused asylum. A grant of temporary residence would not automatically lead to permanent residence.  DWWhen Angela Merkel invited refugees to Germany in 2015, tearing up the rules obliging migrants to seek asylum in the first country they arrive in, the consequences were pretty immediate. Over 160,000 went to Sweden, leading to well-publicised disruption. Next door, things were different. Norway took in just 30,000; this year it has accepted just 2,000 so far. To Sylvi Listhaug, the country s young immigration minister, this might still be a bit too much. We have a big challenge now to integrate those with permission to stay in Norway to make sure they respect Norwegian values,  she says.  Freedom to speak, to write, to believe or not to believe in a god, how to raise your children.  Also, she says, what not to do. For example:  It is not allowed to beat your children in Norway. It s unusual for a European government minister to link immigration with child-beating, but the 39-year-old Ms Listhaug is accustomed to speaking plainly. The rest of Europe, she believes, is coming around to the Norwegian position.After decades in opposition, her Progress Party entered government four years ago, a junior partner in a Conservative-run coalition. Her party envisaged the problems of mass migration in the 1980s, she says, so was well ahead of the populist upstarts now haunting so much of Europe.  A lot of them are socialist parties but against immigration. We are a libertarian party. We want less government, so people should decide more over their own life. And we want a stricter immigration policy because that s important for Norway in the long run. While Sweden and others saw the migration of 2015 as a blip caused by conflict in Syria and Iraq, she sees it as part of an irreversible demographic trend.  Africa is going to gain almost 500 million more people by 2030,  she says.  Much of the Middle East and Africa is fragile. People have difficult lives but can see via mobile phones that life in the West and in Europe is quite different. So I understand why they would like our life, our kind of standards. But it s not sustainable to integrate so many. Why not? Norway, with its oil-generated trillion-dollar sovereign wealth fund, is one of the world s richest countries   and hardly beset by integration issues. This, she says, is because they ve been careful.  Many of the jobs here today perhaps will not be here tomorrow. Working in supermarkets for example   those kinds of jobs that don t need higher education. Those who come to Norway without any education   what are they going to do in the future if this continues? The case for limiting economic migration is clear. But about half of the registered asylum seekers in the EU, last year were from countries that were struck by conflict. Can Norway justify taking so few? Ms. Listhaug is a practicing Christian (albeit skeptical of the  thoroughly socialist  Church of Norway) and says her government s immigration policy, when combined with its aid policy, is not just a moral response, but the most effective moral response. For me it s a moral issue as well. You can t just help the ones you see. You have to think about the millions you don t see and that have a very difficult life in the world. She s referring to the refugee camps in Jordan, where both Norway and the UK send aid to help those displaced by war. Norway gave  23 million to its Jordanian mission last year, almost twice as much, per capita, as Britain. The cost of helping refugees at home is taken from its foreign aid budget, so as its influx subsides and costs fall, all savings are used to help refugees abroad. Some  370 million has been transferred so far, with more expected next year.So to Ms. Listhaug, it s not a question of whether to help refugees, but how best to do so. We meet after she visited Brandon Lewis, her British counterpart, who gave her a striking statistic:  The immigration minister here in Britain said that for the price of helping 3,000 young people here, he could help 100,000 children in other parts of the world. She sees this as a modern way to help asylum seekers   and more practical than the 1951 UN Refugee Convention, which obliges signatories to accommodate anyone with a  well-founded fear of persecution . It was an agreement for its time,  she says.  But when people travel through 20 countries to come to a safe haven, I think people can see that this is not right. You could have a safe haven in your neighboring country, so why go so far? Western countries that define their virtue by the number of refugees they let in, she says, also face a moral question:  Why should we have a system that works for the people who have money [to pay for the journey] while the rest of the refugees and people in need don t have the money to go? People traffickers, she says, thrive on governments that follow the old rules and accept those who turn up on their shores.  If you smuggle an unaccompanied minor from Afghanistan to Europe, they say it is between $3,000 and $20,000.  Young girls, she says, are sometimes sold to old men to finance such a journey.  Also, children are killed, or raped, on their way. So we need to have this under control. Ms Listhaug provoked fury in Sweden a few weeks ago by visiting a suburb in Stockholm notorious for unrest among its young immigrant population. She called it a  no-go zone    a phrase that the Swedes angrily reject. But she doesn t seem to mind causing a fuss, especially as she thinks her critics are coming around to her way of thinking. Nor does she mind using Sweden as a case study in what not to do.  A lot of countries in Europe are thinking more like us: like Denmark and Austria. Germany, as well  France has big problems right now with integration, as does Belgium. A lot of countries in Europe see that we need to have this under control. The Norwegian model, she says, is very different and very clear.  If you are an economic migrant, you are declined in Norway,  she says.  We send people back to Afghanistan if they are not in need of protection; we send them back to Somalia if they are not in need of protection.  Isn t this a rather expensive process?  Yes, but it s well worth it.  Police are also sent out to areas where illegal immigrants are suspected of living and working.  If we find them, we send them out. That has also decreased crime in Norway, that s very good. I ask Listhaug if she is getting used to being called cruel and heartless. How does it make her feel? Her response comes quickly:  I don t give a damn,  she says. She thinks her approach is right, and the consensus is wrong. And, as she says, an increasing number of other countries think the same. A new consensus might well be in the making.  SpectatorUKSo what do her neighbors in Sweden think of her tough positions on asylum seekers? The Swedish resident in the video below has nothing but praise for Listhaug. He openly praises her while mocking the  lefties  who have allowed out-of-control migration to destroy much of Sweden. In the video below, he reminds Swedes of the startling crime statistics they are facing: In Sweden, we have 10 times more car torchings. Do you want this? We have 4 times more violent killings than Norway. Is that what you want? Well, you should listen to your lefties, and be more like Sweden, It s interesting, the migration minister Sylvi Listhaug, came to Sweden to find out for herself, she wanted to find out what not to do in Norway. Watch:",0
9346,"BRITISH MUSICIAN Says If He Was Given The Chance, He’d Kill Donald Trump…Blames Press For Making Him President","If this so-called celebrity said that he would have killed former President Obama if he was given the chance, he would likely be sitting in a jail cell somewhere facing serious charges, but apparently when a celebrity says they d like to kill President Trump, foreign authorities, as well the leftist media, simply shrug their shoulders Just another day in the life of an unhinged, Trump-hating celebrity Yawn.British musician Morrissey says if given the chance, he d kill President Donald Trump to ensure the  safety of humanity.  The 58-year-old former Smiths frontman said in an interview with der Spiegel this week that if he were presented with a button that could instantly kill Trump, he wouldn t hesitate to press it. I would [push it], for the safety of humanity,  Morrissey told the outlet.  It has nothing to do with my personal opinion of his face or his family, but in the interest of humanity I would push. The singer also explained that it was the media, who so derided Trump during the 2016 campaign season, that ultimately created Trump, ensured consistent coverage of his campaign, and led to his victory over Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.The American media helped Trump, yes, they first created it,  he explained, according to a translation of the interview by the Washington Times.  Whether they criticize him or laugh at him, he does not care, he just wants to see his picture and his name. The American media have shot themselves in the leg. Watch Morrissey push for a Hillary presidency on Larry King Now prior to the election. Is there anything more heartwarming than watching a British musician tell an American host who Americans should vote for? Thank goodness no one listens to this unhinged overrated celebrity.Morrissey added that he  never expected  Trump to be elected president and has  no faith  in the political establishment anymore.  Breitbart News",0
9347,LOL! DEMOCRAT CHEERLEADER Cokie Roberts Delivers Devastating News To ABC Comrades: “It is Going to Be Very Hard to Defeat” Roy Moore After Trump’s Endorsement [VIDEO],"Earlier today, President Trump tweeted about the Alabama Senate race where Republican candidate for Senate Judge Roy Moore has been the target of the left ever since he won in the GOP primary race in September, against the less conservative candidate, Luther Strange.The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017Unfortunately for the Democrats, their attempt at destroying the character of Roy Moore, by attempting to paint him as a sexual predator of teenage girls, continues to fall apart. Roy Moore s team is coming out and demanding that the high school yearbook used as evidence by one of Moore s accusers is more looked at by forgery experts after it was discovered that the signature doesn t  match that of Roy Moore s and that two different colors of ink were used for the signature. The stepson of the woman who used what many are saying was a forged Roy Moore signature in her yearbook, has also come out to say his stepmother is lying about her encounter several decades ago with Roy Moore. Even the high-profile, leftist, media-whore lawyer, Gloria Allred, who represented the accuser with the yearbook, appears to have gone into hiding.  Meanwhile, polls are showing that Roy Moore is ahead by anywhere from 5-15 points and that the left s shameful attempt at stealing the election from the popular conservative candidate in Alabama, is quickly falling apart.Now that President Trump has endorsed Roy Moore, the left appears to be giving up the ship Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  network analyst Cokie Roberts said now that President Donald Trump had supported Alabama GOP U.S. Senate hopeful Roy Moore, it will be  very hard to defeat  Moore in the December 12 special election.Roberts said,  He doesn t have to go to Alabama. He s done plenty for Roy Moore. Moore can put it in his ads, which he s doing. He s clearly got the endorsement of President Trump. Without the endorsement of President Trump, he won the primary. I think with the endorsement of President Trump, it will be hard to defeat him in the general election.   Breitbart News.@CokieRoberts tells @ThisWeekABC Roy Moore clearly has the endorsement of Pres. Trump: Without the endorsement, he won the primary. I think with the endorsement, ""it is going to be very hard to defeat him."" pic.twitter.com/Hyw6wSligG  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) November 26, 2017",0
9348,SOUTH KOREA Uses Hilarious Technique To TAUNT North Korea After Soldier Escapes Kim Jong Un’s Hell [VIDEO],"There is no word yet, about how Rocket Man plans to respond to the egg on his face South Korea is making sure North Korea doesn t forget about the regime s soldier who defected to the South in a daring escape earlier this month   by blasting updates about the defector s health through its military s loudspeakers at the Demilitarized Zone, a report said on Sunday.South Korean troops broadcasted an update on Sunday about the North Korean soldier s  nutritive conditions,  taking a hit at the Hermit Kingdom s alleged health issues, Yonhap News Agency reported. The broadcasts are reportedly so loud that people within 12.4 miles from the DMZ are able to hear it. The nutritive conditions of the North Korean soldier who recently defected through the Panmunjom were unveiled,  an official told Yonhap News Agency.Consistent updates have been broadcast through South Korean military s loudspeakers since the soldier, identified by his surname, Oh, was shot at least five times while dashing across the Joint Security Area   a strip of land at the DMZ where North and South Korean forces stand face-to-face   on Nov. 13. The broadcast operation is part of an ongoing psychological warfare between the North and the South. The gigantic loudspeakers were switched back on in January 2016 after North Korea s fourth nuclear test.The loudspeakers are also reportedly used to blast propaganda to persuade North Korean soldiers to doubt Kim Jong Un s regime and even convince them to defect to the South, the BBC reported. Those speakers have been used sporadically since the end of the Korean War.Watch the North Korean s daring escape here:The 24-year-old North Korean defector is currently recovering from the gunshot wounds he endured when his fellow comrades fired dozens of rounds at him to stop him from defecting to the South. Video of Oh s dash to freedom released on Wednesday showed him speeding down a tree-lined road as stunned North Korean soldiers began running after him. He fell into a pile of leaves against a small wall before being dragged to safety by South Korean troops.   FOX News ",0
9349,88-Yr Old DEMOCRAT Congressman and Accused SEXUAL PREDATOR Reluctantly Steps Down From House Judiciary Committee…REFUSES To Resign,"John Conyers, the 88-year old Democrat Congressman and Black Caucus member who used taxpayer dollars from one of the most impoverished districts in Michigan, to pay off accusers of sexual assault, is refusing to give up the power he s become accustomed to, as the longest sitting House member in America s history. The corrupt Congressman has, however, agreed to step down from his role on the House Judiciary Committee, pending an investigation into the multiple allegations of sexual harassment that have been levied against him.In a statement released through Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi s office on Sunday, Conyers said he would like to keep his leadership position but realized that he may  undermine  the committee s work if he stays at the helm. I have come to believe that my presence as Ranking Member on the Committee would not serve these efforts while the Ethics Committee investigation is pending,  Conyers (D-Detroit) said in the statement.  I cannot in good conscience allow these charges to undermine my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus, and my friends on both sides of the aisle in the Judiciary Committee and the House of Representatives. Conyers, 88, is the longest-serving House member. BuzzFeed reported last week the contents of the secret $27,000 settlement Conyers paid with taxpayer funds to a former staffer who said she was fired for rejecting Conyers  sexual advances.Conyers has admitted to the payment but denied any wrongdoing. I deny these allegations, many of which were raised by documents reportedly paid for by a partisan alt-right blogger,  Conyers said, referring to the settlement papers obtained by Mike Cernovich and passed along to the news site.  I very much look forward to vindicating myself and my family before the House Committee on Ethics. With Conyers stepping aside, the next most senior Democrat   New York Rep. Jerrold Nadler   will become acting Ranking Member of the powerful committee. Even under these unfortunate circumstances, the important work of the Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee must move forward,  Nadler said in a Sunday statement.  I will do everything in my power to continue to press on the important issues facing our committee, including criminal justice reform, workplace equality, and holding the Trump Administration accountable. Nadler added:  Ranking Member Conyers has a 50 year legacy of advancing the cause of justice, and my job moving forward is to continue that critical work. New York Rep. Kathleen Rice was the first House Democrat last week to call for Conyers  resignation from Congress, and Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-Queens) said Conyers should at least give up his perch as the House Judiciary Committee s ranking member, pending the outcome of the ethics probe.Earlier Sunday, Pelosi defended Conyers on NBC s  Meet the Press  by not calling for his resignation and insisting the  icon  deserves due process.  NYP ",0
9350,NURSE FROM One Of Nation’s Largest Hospitals Tweets: “Every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son”…Their Sons “should be sacrificed to the wolves b___””,"It s hard to imagine, and very sad, that a hospital could hire someone who is so filled with hate and obsessed with race, to care for some of the most vulnerable members of our society.A controversial tweet allegedly posted Friday by a nurse at one of the largest hospital systems in the nation has sparked an internal investigation.The tweet came from an account named  Night Nurse,  linked to Indiana University Health employee Taiyesha Baker, FOX59 reported. Every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son. Someone with the HIGHEST propensity to be a terrorist, rapist, racist, killer, and domestic violence all star. Historically every son you had should be sacrificed to the wolves b___,  the tweet read.An IU Health spokesman confirmed to FOX59 that Baker is a registered nurse, but declined to reveal the hospital where she is currently employed. IU Health is aware of several troubling posts on social media which appear to be from a recently hired IU Health employee,  the hospital said in a statement.  Our HR department continues to investigate the situation and the authenticity of the posts. During the investigation, that employee (who does not work at Riley Hospital for Children) will have no access to patient care. Baker claimed to work in pediatrics in previously deleted tweets.According to public records obtained by FOX59, Baker was most recently issued a nursing license on Oct. 30.The Twitter account behind the controversial messages, @tai_fieri, was originally deleted after the post sparked a firestorm, but now appears to have been created by a different user who is posting new tweets, the IndyStar reported.  FOX News",0
9351,PELOSI CLAIMS Congressman Who Shows Up for Meetings in His Underwear is an ‘ICON’ [Video],"Michigan Congressman John Conyers has been in the spotlight recently for being a repeat sexual harasser to women he works with. He even showed up for a meeting in his underwear! Yikes!Nancy Pelosi defended Conyers on  Meet the Press  this morning when she called him an  icon She went on to say that he deserves  due process . That s pretty ironic when you think of how the left wants to lock up any Republican right away if they re accused of wrongdoing. Conyers gets a pass because he s an  icon ? This is just more insanity from Pelosi who needs to retire with Conyers..@NancyPelosi: Accused Congressman Conyers is an ""icon"" in our country. #MTP pic.twitter.com/4QlKKJTIJP  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) November 26, 2017 SHOWED UP TO A MEETING IN HIS UNDERWEAR The Detroit Free Press reported:A lawyer who formerly worked for U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit, and later ran an ethics watchdog group in the nation s capital confirmed for the Free Press on Thursday that Conyers verbally abused her, criticized her appearance and once showed up to a meeting in his underwear.Melanie Sloan, a well-known Washington lawyer who for three years in the 1990s worked as Democratic counsel on the House Judiciary Committee, where Conyers remains the ranking Democrat, told the Detroit Free Press that Conyers constantly berated her, screaming at her and firing her and then rehiring her several times.She said he criticized her for not wearing stockings on at least one occasion. On another, she said he ordered her backstage from a committee field hearing on crime she had organized in New York City to babysit one of his children. Sloan made clear that she did not feel she had ever been sexually harassed, but that she felt  mistreated by this guy. ",0
9352,DEMOCRAT ACCUSED Of Sexual Harassment Just Threatened ‘Many Members’ Who Also Have Allegations Against Them,"John Conyers might just drain the swamp for us. The 88-year old Democrat from Michigan who is accused of sexually harassing female staffers is now threatening to bring the swamp down by exposing all of the other members of the House and Senate accused of sexual harassment. Yes, the swamp is turning on itself. This could get really good In case you haven t heard $17 MILLION taxpayer dollars went to pay off people who accused politicians in the House and Senate of sexual harassment. That s YOUR money!  Conyers paid $27K to one accuser He s got several more that have come out to say he also harassed them This guy is so bold with his harassment that he showed up to a meeting in his underwear. Yikes!CONYERS THREATENS TO EXPOSE OTHERS:Peter Hasson describes for the Daily Caller the remarkable vague threat emanating for the attorney representing John Conyers:The attorney for Democratic Michigan Rep. John Conyers, who is accused of continuously sexually harassing his female staffers, defended Conyers by indicating that there are allegations against  many members  of the House and Senate.Conyers  attorney, Arnold E. Reed, released a statement defending the Michigan Democrat and pushing back against the  disturbing allegations.  The bizarre statement was written in all-CAPS and referred to both Reed and Conyers in the third person.https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/933504768269606912ALL CAPS? Really? The lawyer should resign for using all caps!CHART OF PAYOUTS TO SETTLE HARASSMENT CHARGES:Congressional Office of Compliance releases year-by-year breakdown of harassment settlements and awards: pic.twitter.com/vxbezi22wb  Reid Wilson (@PoliticsReid) November 16, 2017",0
9353,DNC MEGA-DONOR Ditches Dems in Scathing Message: ‘Bunch of dumb-ass political hacks’,"Wow! This is huge! The Democrats and their leaders are obviously ticking off the big guys with big bucks Was it something they said? DNC Chairman Tom Perez could be the culprit or was it Donna Brazile exposing the corruption in the DSNC? We re happy Morgan saw the light and ditched the DNC but he s still on board with  some Democratic candidates He needs to come on over to the RIGHT side!TALLAHASSEE   John Morgan tossed a bomb Friday into the 2018 political landscape, saying in a post-Thanksgiving message he is leaving the Democratic Party, and that Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson should not run for re-election, but rather seek the governor s mansion so he can leave a  legacy. I can t muster enthusiasm for any of today s politicians,  the prominent trial lawyer and Democratic fundraiser wrote on Twitter.  They are all the same. Both parties. I plan to register as an independent and when I vote, vote for the lesser of two evils. Morgan said, while he would support some Democratic candidates he likes, he would not raise a dime for national groups like the Democratic National Committee. F  no,  he said when asked if he would help national organizations.  That s like pissing money down a rat hole. Read Donna [Brazile s] book Morgan was referring to a book by the former interim DNC chair, previewed this month in POLITICO Magazine, where she says the party essentially rigged the DNC to support Hillary Clinton before the Democratic primary was over. Bunch of dumb ass political hacks,  Morgan added.",0
9354,"ANOTHER CLINTON CASUALTY? Sister Of Woman Who Allegedly Had Photos Proving Affair With Bill Clinton, Questions His Involvement In Her Mysterious House Fire Death","As more and more women line up to tell their stories about sex with Bill Clinton   both consensual and forced   there is one who is unable to relive the details of her alleged affair.Penthouse Pet Judi Gibbs died in a mysterious house fire in 1986 amid rumors that she had pictures that proved she and the then-Governor of Arkansas had been regular sex partners.And even now, 30 years after she died alongside her much-older other lover, doubts remain about how and why Gibbs and her long-time beau Bill Puterbaugh met their grizzly deaths.But now DailyMail.com has pieced together the life and death of Judi Gibbs, telling for the first time how the auburn-haired woman from a pin-prick of an Arkansas town managed to bed the man who went on to be one of the most powerful men in the world.And the question remains unanswered: Was Judi Gibbs killed because Bill Clinton and his advisers feared the affair was about to become public? I have always been convinced that Bill Clinton was responsible for the fire, but I have no proof,  Gibbs  older sister Martha, who still lives in Sims, Arkansas, told DailyMail.com.  And what would happen if I had proof   you can t touch those people. At the time of her death, Gibbs was 32 and living with 57-year-old developer Puterbaugh in a large isolated home a quarter-mile drive opposite a tiny airport outside Fordyce, Arkansas.Their bodies were both found in the huge master bedroom. They died of smoke inhalation.Puterbaugh s son, Randy, who followed him into the real estate business, tells a similar story to Martha Gibbs, even though the two have not spoken since the days following the double death. There are so many pieces of the puzzle.  Puterbaugh said.  I believe it is a possibility that Bill Clinton was involved in their deaths.  I know I wish I had hired my own private investigator but I didn t, so I guess I will never know. Judi Gibbs and Bill Puterbaugh died on January 3, 1986. According to a report in the local Fordyce News-Advocate, Gibbs called the fire department at 2.26 am wailing in her Marilyn Monroe-type voice:  Bill Puterbaugh s house is on fire, hurry, you all, hurry. Puterbaugh s body was found by a window. Gibbs was still clutching the phone right next to the king-sized bed.Local fire chief Roy Wayne Moseley has no explanation as to why the lovers did not manage to get out of the house. The only reason I can think why they didn t is they were overrun with smoke so quick and so fast,  he said. It was a real tragedy. As far as residential fires go, that was the worst we ve had,  added Moseley, now 80 and still chief of the Fordyce Volunteer Fire Department   a post he has held since 1960.Many people around the Clintons have died in unusual circumstances over the years, leading conspiracy theorists to claim they could be connected.As DailyMail.com reported earlier this year, five deaths in a six-week span between June 22 and August 2 this year had connections to the former first family. I m not saying the Clintons kill people. I m saying a lot of people around the Clintons turn up dead,  Larry Nichols, who worked with the former First Family before turning against them, told DailyMail.com.And the names of Judi Gibbs and her lover Bill Puterbaugh could be added to that list.Gibbs was the sixth of seven children born to a hardscrabble family in Sims, a two-hour drive west of Little Rock.In her teens, she was lured into prostitution by her brother-in-law Dale Bliss, who is now 85 and 32 years into a life prison sentence for child rape.   Daily Mail ",0
9355,TEACHER Uses “Shooting at Trump” As An Option On Multiple Choice Quiz For High School Students,"A Wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at Trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.An unidentified English teacher at Jackson Hole High School gave students a multiple choice quiz on Thursday about George Orwell s novel  Animal Farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias,  the Jackson Hole News and Guide reports. Napoleon has a gun fired for a new occasion. What is the new occasion?  the quiz read.Possible answers included  He was shooting at Trump,   His birthday,   For completion of the windmill,  or  To scare off the attackers of Animal Farm. Jim McCollum told the news site he did a double-take when his son showed him a screenshot he took of the test. I had to read it two times,  McCollum said.  I was like,  Are you kidding me? McCollum, a Jackson Hole High School graduate and Trump supporter, shared the quiz on Facebook, where it was shared widely and generated a lot of angry comments. It was so inappropriate to show a name of a sitting president in that question,  he said.  To me, that is so wrong in light of the situation in our country and the divisiveness and all. He told the news site the incident is one of other examples of  liberal bias  in other classes at the school that make conservative students like son out to be  the outcast. He told me,  Dad, they crapped on everything I believe in,  McCollum said of his son.  Rylee is very patriotic, very supportive of our military and of our country  and is considering enlisting in the U.S. Marines.School officials eventually issued a statement about the quiz on Monday. (District) administration learned late yesterday that a quiz was administered to a class of high school students that contained an inappropriate answer to a multiple choice question. The administration is investigating this incident and verifying the information we have received,  the statement read. (The District) takes seriously threats of any kind, regardless of the intent. We apologize to the students, families and community for this incident and will be addressing the issue with personnel.   EAG News ",0
9356,GOP EVIDENCE: Comey FBI Busted Giving Clinton ‘Special Status’…Those Responsible STILL At FBI! [Video],"Friday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said evidence had been uncovered showing that the FBI gave the investigation of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s improper use of an unauthorized email server while secretary of state a  special status. According to the Florida Republican, who is also a member of the House Judiciary Committee, the process afforded to Clinton was different than it would have been for  any other American. We now have evidence that the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton did not follow normal and standard procedures,  he said.  The current deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe sent emails just weeks before the presidential election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be special   that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters, that it would be given special status. GOETZ CALLED FOR AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION: I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
9357,"“I SERVED WITH ROY MOORE IN VIETNAM”…Letter From Veteran Sets Record Straight On “Honorable, Decent, Respectable, Patriotic Commander and Soldier”","If it wasn t for people like Vietnam veteran William E. Staehle, who made the decision to publicly defend the character of Roy Moore in an op-ed, the only picture the American people might have of the former judge, is the one painted by the leftist media and the rabid Democrat Party, that struggles to identify a single legitimate reason for Alabama voters to  support their candidate Doug Jones.I served with Roy Moore in Vietnam in 1971-72, where I knew him to be an altogether honorable, decent, respectable, and patriotic commander and soldier. I have had no contact with him since.He and I were captains and company commanders in the 504th Military Police Battalion, stationed at the base camp called Camp Land, just west of Danang.I knew him well in my first four months in-country before I was re-assigned within the battalion to another location. During that time, I grew to admire him.I am Bill Staehle, residing in Asbury Park, New Jersey. I am an attorney, practicing law continuously for 42-years. I began my career as an assistant United States attorney, and for the past 32 years, I have been the managing trial lawyer for the staff counsel office of a major insurance company.Allow me to relate to you one experience involving Roy that impressed me.While in Vietnam, there came a time when another officer invited Roy and me to go with him into town after duty hours for a couple of beers. That officer had just returned from an assignment in Quang Tri Province north of Danang, and we were interested to learn of his experiences.I had not met him before, and I don t believe Roy had either. On other occasions with other officers, we would go to the officers  club at the air force base, but on this occasion, he told us he knew of another place in town.When we arrived at the place and went inside, it was clear to Roy and me that he had taken us to a brothel. That officer appeared to know people there, as he was greeted by one or two young women in provocative attire.The place was plush. There were other American servicemen there. Alcohol was being served. There were plenty of very attractive young women clearly eager for an intimate time.In less time than it took any of the women to approach us, Roy turned to me and said words to this effect,  We shouldn t be here. I am leaving. We told the officer who had brought us that we wanted to leave. He told us to take his jeep and that he could get a ride back later, which he did. Roy and I drove back to camp together.That evening, if I didn t know it before, I knew then that with Roy Moore I was in the company of a man of great self-control, discipline, honor, and integrity. While there were other actions by Roy that reinforced my belief in him, that was the most telling.I reject what are obvious, politically motivated allegations against Roy of inappropriate dating behavior. What I saw, felt and knew about him in Vietnam stands in stark contrast to those allegations.I sincerely doubt that Roy s character had changed fundamentally and dramatically in a few short years later. He deserves, in my view, to be heard on the issues that are important to the people of Alabama and our country.Roy was a soldier for whom I was willing to put my life on the line in Vietnam if the occasion ever arose. Fortunately, it did not.I was prepared to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with him then, and I am proud to stand by Roy now.  William E. Staehle, Asbury Park, New JerseyVia: Yellow Hammer",0
9358,https://100percentfedup.com/served-roy-moore-vietnamletter-veteran-sets-record-straight-honorable-decent-respectable-patriotic-commander-soldier/,https://100percentfedup.com/served-roy-moore-vietnamletter-veteran-sets-record-straight-honorable-decent-respectable-patriotic-commander-soldier/,0
9359,LOL! #FakeNews CNN’s April Ryan EMBARRASSES Herself On Thanksgiving Day Over Her Obsession With Legitimacy Of Sarah Sanders’ Pecan Pie,"CNN political analyst just spent her Thanksgiving Day so consumed with hate for President Trump s White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, that she removed any doubt her Twitter followers may have had about the possibility of having an objective bone in her body.CNN political analyst and American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan suggested, without any evidence, Friday that White House press secretary Sarah Sanders actually didn t actually cook the pecan pie Sanders said she did.Here is Sanders tweet that got under April Ryan s skin:I  dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! pic.twitter.com/rO8nFxtly7  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 23, 2017Ryan responded by actually demanding that Sanders do more than post a picture of the pie with a white background, and that she show Twitter users the pie on her table!Show it to us on a table. https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan then took it a step further and doubled down, letting her Twitter users know that the legitimacy of Sanders  claim that she baked the pecan pie was no laughing matter.I am not trying to be funny but folks are already saying #piegate and #fakepie Show it to us on the table with folks eating it and a pic of you cooking it. I am getting the biggest laugh out of this. I am thankful for this laugh on Black Friday! https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan is frequently praised by liberals for being a nuisance in the White House press briefing room, but she failed to present any evidence Friday, except for the claims of random Twitter users, that Sanders faked the pie. Ryan did not respond to this reporter when asked for proof.A reverse image search did not find any other pictures of the pecan pie that Sanders posted.The White House press secretary responded to Ryan s criticism and said that she will make the journalist a pie of her own.-Daily CallerDon t worry @AprilDRyan because I m nice I ll bake one for you next week #RealPie #FakeNews   https://t.co/5W3mGbKs4J  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 24, 2017While hundreds of liberal Twitter users jumped on Ryan s thread, as a way to drum up hate for the brilliant and witty conservative Press Secretary, Sanders definitely got her fair share of support. Conservative actor James Woods didn t make any secret about how he is  thankful  on Thanksgiving Day for Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the  best thing to happen to modern American journalism. One final reason to be thankful today: @SarahHuckabee She is the best thing to happen to modern American journalism. The #CNN and other liberal minions melt before her intelligence, her wit, and her sheer fortitude like snowflakes in the desert.  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 24, 2017Twitter user, Vanessa Vega nailed it with her tweet in response to Sanders  reply to Ryan s ridiculous claim:It burns them up. That a graceful intelligent woman like you holds the WH positions, rocks at it, is an amazing mother and baked a pie during a traditional American Holiday.   keep doing you @PressSec !! We are grateful for you & the haters are entertaining to watch   Vanessa Vega (@EscbrRoX2017) November 25, 2017 ",0
9360,WHAT A FOURSOME! Trump Plays With Golf Greats [Video],"President Trump announced he d be playing golf  quickly  with Jupiter Island resident Tiger Woods and PGA star Dustin Johnson .A lucky Instagram user got some great photos and video:WHAT A TREAT   THE PRESIDENT AND GOLF GREATS!An Instagram user spotted the president at Trump National Golf Course on Friday morning with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson:  Just your average morning! Excited my kids were able to see our President and the others were just a bonus,  user hwalks wrote in her Instagram post. She posted pictures and a video of Trump, Woods, and Johnson on the golf course making their rounds.  Just your average morning!! Excited my kids were able to see our President and the others were a bonus! #Tigerwoods #dustinjohnson #bradfaxon #donaldtrump #presidenttrumpA post shared by Always_7 (@hwalks) on Nov 24, 2017 at 6:53am PSTDR ERIC KAPLAN POSTED:The President with Dustin Johnson, Tiger Woods , Brad Faron, at Trump Jupiter, a great Potus & host pic.twitter.com/MJ3Hr4DNj5  Dr. Eric Kaplan (@drekaplan) November 24, 2017GOLF.COM PICKED UP THE VIDEO AND PICTURES: President Trump greets his playing partners Tiger Woods, Dustin Johnson and Brad Faxon at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter. What do you think they were talking about on the range?A post shared by Golf Magazine (@golf_com) on Nov 24, 2017 at 8:48am PSTYou will not read this in media, but Trump is such a good host to media, food galore gave the media VIP private room pic.twitter.com/8WrJZn2XgM  Dr. Eric Kaplan (@drekaplan) November 24, 2017AFTER GOLF   BACK TO BUSINESSPresident Trump left the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter around 1:45 p.m., and spoke with the president of Egypt over the horrific terror attack at a mosque on Friday morning.Trump tweeted that he will  discuss the tragic terrorist attack , and added that we  have to get tougher and smarter  and  need the wall, need the ban. Trump and Woods played golf last December at Trump International while Trump was president-elect. Since becoming president, Trump s golf partners have included Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins, future NFL Hall of Famer Peyton Manning and professional golfers Ernie Els and Rory McIlroy. Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee have also joined Trump on the links. ",0
9361,MELANIA Visits Coast Guard With POTUS…One Part Of Her Outfit Causes Liberal Freak Out [VIDEO],"President Trump and the First Lady took the time to visit the Coast Guard ahead of the Thanksgiving Day holiday. Melania proved once again that her fashion choices continue to provoke a response According to the petty liberals, she was scoring a fashion mishap during the visit. We think she s appropriate and sporty looking. There was one thing that she wore that made liberals have a fashion freak out No, it wasn t her pink gingham shirt. That s a fashion repeat that was worn as she got off Marine One a few months ago.It wasn t her Converse low-top tennis shoes IT WAS HER HAT! CHECK OUT THE VISIT:REMEMBER WHEN MELANIA CAUSED A STIR WHEN SHE WORE STILETTOS FOR HER TRIP TO TEXAS? President Trump and First Lady Melania traveled down to Texas today to assist with and show support for flood victims. You d think the press would point out that this is a great gesture by the First Couple but that s not the case. The press could only focus on the fact that the First Lady wore heels on her departure to Texas. They mocked her saying she wasn t quite ready to help flood victims: Melania s shoes are impressive but perhaps not what I would wear to a city submerged in floodwaters,  wrote Elizabeth Bruenig, an assistant editor at the Washington Post.Those stilettos should help her stay above the flood line https://t.co/dQ89fK18N5  Ryan Teague Beckwith (@ryanbeckwith) August 29, 2017Melania is wearing stilettos to a hurricane zone: https://t.co/29WIwlipab  erica orden (@eorden) August 29, 2017She had on all black with a pair of black stilettos Who cares? At least she made the trip! We can t say the same for Michelle Obama during the Louisiana floods!We checked into what Michelle Obama wore to visit the Louisiana floods Oops! She didn t go! Remember that she was on vacation with Barack and the girls but then came home and didn t make the trip with Barack.We checked to see if Michelle went to New Jersey after Hurricane Sandy Oops! She didn t go to that either!MELANIA GETS THE LAST LAUGH:Guess what Melania had on when she arrived in TEXAS? TENNIS SHOES! Is she ready enough now?First lady Melania Trump wore a baseball hat that said  FLOTUS  as she exited Air Force One upon landing in Corpus Christi, Texas, on Tuesday.First Lady Melania and President Trump arrive in Texas to be briefed on Harvey s devastating aftermath pic.twitter.com/Dz0IbQBRk3  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) August 29, 2017The first lady had her hair pulled back in a ponytail under the black hat with white lettering.She also wore white sneakers, black pants, and a white button-up shirt.LOOKING GREAT!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOTeIa0FkG8Read more: WE ",0
9362,"WATCH: ABUSIVE, TRUMP-HATING Student May Be Facing Jail Time, After STEALING Trump Hat Off Student’s Head and DEMANDING College Officials Prevent Him From Wearing It On Campus","On September 27, 2017, an unhinged, liberal, Trump-hating student, who has now been identified as Edith Macias, was captured on what has now become a viral video. In the video, Macias can be seen ranting and screaming, during an unbelievable exchange that took place in a campus office building at the University of California, Riverside, only moments after she stole a hat off  the head of Matthew Vitale, a UC Riverside student who was walking on the campus, and minding his own business. The exchange between this Hispanic woman, (who we re pretty sure is not a legal citizen, based on her comment to the victim, when she screamed,  F*ck your laws!  after he cited his right to free-speech) and the victim is stunning. Over and over again, this ill-informed and unbelievably angry student makes up her own facts with absolutely no basis whatsoever. Saying things like the signature Trump hat that reads  Make America Great Again  represents  the genocide of a bunch of people  and  America was never great  and of but of course,  You stole this land!  Just another ungrateful immigrant who is likely one of Obama s  Dreamers. ***WARNING*** The video below will make your blood boil.According to Campus Reform, here s how the unbelievable exchange went down:A Trump-supporting student at the University of California, Riverside had his MAGA hat stolen by a peer who demanded that administrators refuse to allow him to continue to wear it.A video of the incident obtained by Campus Reform shows an enraged female student taking the hat to the school s Student Life Department as Matthew Vitale fruitlessly attempts to explain to the young woman that the hat is his property. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t,  she continues as several staffers look on. Are you people not going to do anything? She is stealing my property,  Vitale pleads, though the altercation went on for several more minutes. We will need to return his property to him, but we can talk about  one university employee begins to explain before being abruptly cut off by the student thief. How about we talk about not letting him wear this sh*t on campus?  the thief retorts, while Vitale later tells a growing presence of administrators that  the fact that you people haven t gotten this back for me is sad and wrong. The altercation continued for several minutes until the hat was relinquished to an administrator who then returned it to Vitale, though not before his fellow student got in the last word. F*** your f***ing freedom of speech, boy. F***it. F*** it because your freedom of speech is literally killing a lot of people out there.According to the College Fix: The UC Riverside student who stole Vitale s Make America Great Again hat off his head and refused to give it back now faces steep legal consequences.A criminal complaint provided to The College Fix by the Riverside County District Attorney s Office states that Edith Macias has been charged with one misdemeanor count of grand theft for the September 27 incident.The next court date on the matter is slated for March, and the maximum penalty Macias faces if convicted as currently charged is one year in county jail, a spokesman for the DA s office told The Fix.The charge was filed after UC Riverside student Matthew Vitale, the student who had his Make America Great Again hat stolen from off his head, decided to press criminal theft charges against Macias.According to the declaration in support of an arrest warrant, Macias told the officer who responded to the incident that the reason she swiped the hat was because it represented  genocide of a bunch of people. She stated she wanted to burn the hat because of what it represented,  it states.In a statement to The College Fix on Monday, Vitale said he is gratified by the developments. I m very pleased that the DA decided to charge her, especially because I am skeptical that UCR student conduct did anything. I will be following up with the student conduct office to determine if anything was done,  Vitale said. In the meantime, I can t thank UCPD enough for actually taking this matter seriously. The detective and officers involved with this case were the epitome of professionalism,  he added.  If, as I suspect, UCR decided not to discipline her in some way this decision by the DA s office shows two things: First, that UCR does not protect and shows no respect for speech that does not conform to their ideology. Second, that, in this case, UCR chose not to discipline a person who committed a crime on campus against another student. After Vitale had requested charges be brought against Macias, he explained his motives to The College Fix:  I do want to send a message. I am not vindictive, I am not vengeful, but people, especially in my generation, need to realize you can t do things like this because you don t like what someone is saying or wearing. Knock, knock.Who s there?Karma ",0
9363,ARMY VETERAN’S Incredible Thanksgiving Smack Down Of Spoiled Brat NFL Anthem Kneelers Goes Viral,"On this Thanksgiving, I would like to address an open letter to the multimillionaire National Football League players who continue to take a knee when  The Star-Spangled Banner  is played.Dear kneeling brothers,As a proud Army veteran, mom and black American, I thank God that I live in the greatest nation on Earth. For me, Thanksgiving doesn t just come once a year. I m thankful 365 days a year.You make far, far more money than almost all Americans   regardless of race. Kids look up to you as heroes. You appear on TV and in the media.Yet, you keep on protesting   refusing to rise and respect our national anthem and respect the men and women like me who serve or have served in our military.I was willing to die for my country when I put on the Army uniform. And you re not even willing to stand up for a short song? This is too much of a sacrifice for you?One of the many lessons I ve learned along the way is that there is no place on the planet like America. She is not perfect, because we are not perfect. Yet, she is a consummate beacon of light, set upon a hill, for nations who look to her for hope, dignity and direction.You big guys should appreciate that   and pause for a few moments to express your patriotism and love for our great nation when our national anthem is played and our flag flies before thousands of people who have paid good money to see you run around a field chasing a little ball.Let me tell you about me. I m not as big and strong as you, but I stepped forward to join the Army to fight for your right to play games in peace.Weeks before I graduated from the Army s basic training program, I had an epiphany: I could be deployed to war. Would I go? Would I put my life on the line for someone else?It didn t take me long to come to a resounding Yes! If called, I would go.But I gave myself an assignment. If I was going to potentially give life or limb to defend this great country, I would need to know what, exactly, I was defending. I am still learning.One of the lessons I ve learned about America is more of a personal lesson. I am not a victim. My two beautiful black babies are not victims. Black Americans are not victims.We are victors   not so much because of anything we have done, but because of those who came before us. Slaves in chains, treated like farm animals, to be  owned  by others. And after Emancipation, those who endured the humiliation of drinking out of the  dirty  water fountain or taking their child into the  colored  restroom.Those who were spat upon or cursed out solely because they were deemed the  wrong  color. Those who had to guess the number of jelly beans in a jar to be eligible to vote, notwithstanding their college education.Those who were hosed down, billy-clubbed across the head or attacked by trained dogs just because they walked across a bridge.Those who were aroused from their sleep to see hate-filled men covered in white sheets, a cross burning in their front yard and their neighbor calling out for their son.Those who, oftentimes, paid the ultimate sacrifice   not for their own benefit, but for the joy that was set before them.We, today, are the joy that was set before them. And, how do you repay them for their sacrifice to be treated as equal under the law? You have chosen to take a knee.If you followed the rhetoric we hear today, America is not far removed from those Jim Crow days of legalized discrimination against black people.If you closed your eyes and just listened to the blistering speeches coming from Antifa, the Black Lives Matter folks and many politicians, you would think we re not even 40 years removed from slavery itself.The narrative behind  Hands Up, Don t Shoot  perpetuates the storyline that around every street corner there s a police officer waiting to shoot a black man. It is these narratives that have given life to you NFL players kneeling during our national anthem.If there was truth behind these narratives, then I would readily support you black millionaire athletes using your national platform to shine a bright light on the systemic racism against the black community.But we re not living in 1850 or 1950. Racism is certainly not dead, but it s not the powerful monster backed by all the resources of government either. And you guys are not exactly downtrodden, going hungry, being shoved to the back of the bus, or used for target practice by Ku Klux Klansmen dressed up like cops.Allow me to make a few suggestions to you as an alternative to continuing to disrespect our country and flag. If you want to make a real difference that extends beyond getting your picture on a magazine cover, please consider doing the following.First, invest in black urban schools, to help them pay for the educational programs and enhanced learning opportunities that wealthy suburban schools have to help their students succeed.Second, commit to providing mentoring and college scholarships for 20, 10 or even just one child in the inner city, from elementary school through high school and into college. You will change their futures.Third, take $1 million or $2 million   not all of your vast wealth   and invest it into creating jobs, businesses and entrepreneurial internships to help black people achieve the American Dream. Find ways to personally take your millions directly into a distressed community and invest.Fourth, take a family out of the inner city by giving them a mortgage-free home. Consider the ripple effect of good this stand would have on the lives of an entire family for generations to come.Fifth, educate yourselves and then others on what the Democratic Party has done to the black community. I have yet to find an inner city run by conservatives. Yet I see one Democratic politician after another representing some of the most distressed communities. These politicians themselves usually do not live in those distressed communities and often live in expensive homes while their kids attend private schools.Teach yourselves and others to hold elected officials accountable. Be determined to no longer fall prey to their sleight-of-hand manipulations that only serve to distract you from their lack of effort to make real changes in the black community.Doing just one of these things would make an indelible imprint on any community, especially the black community.So instead of taking a knee, take a stand to stomp out poverty by investing in businesses, by creating an environment that promotes family stability, and by fanning the flames of hope, dignity and direction into the lives of some of our most depressed citizens.By the grace of God, I was never called into war during my Army service. I know many others who were. Some did not return whole. So, while I can t play pro football, I have two legs, two arms and a brain that tells me to appreciate and love the United States of America.For all this I am thankful, and I think you should be too.Happy Thanksgiving,Kathy Barnette",0
9364,OUCH! PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Call to Troops Zings Obama’s Terrible Strategy Defeating ISIS [Video],"President  Trump called the branches of the Armed Forces this morning to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving. He delivered his powerful comments at Mar-a-Lago where he offered his thanks and appreciation but got in a dig at Obama s terrible policy defeating ISIS. His comments regarding the current policy in the Trump administration rang true too: It s an honor to speak with you all, to give God thanks for the blessings of freedom, and for the heroes who really have this tremendous courage that you do, to defend us and to defend freedom,  Trump said.  So we want to thank you all very much. Very, very special people. They say we ve made more progress against ISIS than they did in years of the previous administration,  Trump said.  And that s because I m letting you do your job. You re performing more than 1,000 missions over the skies of Iraq and Syria in the last four months. We re very, very proud of you. Believe me, everybody in this country is watching, and they re seeing positive results for a change, instead of the neutral and negative reports. s So as we give thanks to you this holiday, I know I speak on behalf of all Americans when I say that we totally support you,  Trump said.  In fact, we love you. We really do. Well said Mr. President! You can tell this president really appreciates our troops!",0
9365,DRAMATIC VIDEO RELEASED: Brave Soldier Tries Escaping North Korea Under Gunfire [Video],"The American-led UN Command just released very dramatic video showing a North Korean soldier trying to escape across the border into South Korea. The tricky thing is that four soldiers were firing on him the entire time The video starts with a lone soldier driving a dark olive-green jeep  down a straight, tree-lined road, past drab, barren fields and, headlights shining, across the replacement for the Bridge of No Return, which was used for prisoner exchanges during the Korean War,  the Associated Press reported.Fellow North Korean soldiers realize that one of their comrades is trying to defect to South Korea and start chasing the jeep through the Korean Demilitarized Zone, or DMV, until the defector crashes and exits the vehicle under fire. He then sprints across the border before hitting the ground in critical condition but alive.The four soldiers unloaded an estimated 40 rounds from multiple types of firearms.The defector a 24-year-old soldier surnamed Oh, according to CNN was taken to a South Korean hospital in critical condition from the gunshot wounds and lost nearly half of his blood. Oh s surgeon, Lee Cook-jong, said that he found four major wounds on the soldier, who received four pints of blood.The soldier underwent multiple surgeries to repair damage, and in doing so, surgeons found dozens of parasites including a 10.6-inch roundworm, possibly indicating improper nutrition in North Korea s military. His condition has become much better since yesterday. We ve turned on the TV for him since yesterday,  Lee told reporters.Read more: WFB",0
9366,FED UP FAN Confronts College Basketball Player For Shooting Baskets During National Anthem Because Of His Islamic Faith…Gets Standing Ovation From Crowd,"Has America reached a tipping point? Will more and more fed up Americans begin to object to athletes who choose to blatantly disrespect our flag during the national anthem? Should athletes be allowed to disrespect our flag during school-sponsored events? We d love to hear what you think in the comment section below.Todd Starnes of FOX News broke the story about 74-year old Jim Howard, of Garden City, Kansas is a red-blooded, American patriot and a faithful supporter of the athletic program at the local community college.For 32 years he s volunteered with the booster club   keeping scorebooks, holding fundraisers, running the chain gang for football   and even providing a place for players to have a Thanksgiving meal.He was in the stands on Nov. 1 for the season-opener of the Garden City Broncbusters basketball team. And when the announcer asked everyone to stand for the national anthem, he dutifully joined the crowd and stood at attention.That s when he noticed a lone player seated on a bench at courtside   Rasool Samir, a 19-year-old Muslim red-shirt.It was unusual because there s a team rule that the entire basketball team was supposed to stay inside the locker room until after the national anthem had concluded.But as the crowd began singing about the bombs bursting in air and the rocket s red glare, the Muslim basketball player grabbed a ball, walked onto the court and began shooting baskets. It was an  in your face slam,  he said.Mr. Howard decided enough was enough. He was tired of people disrespecting the national anthem. So at the conclusion of the song, he walked onto the court and confronted Samir. I walked onto the floor and I told the guy he should respect the flag and if he s not going to respect the flag, he should get off the court and get out of the gym,  Mr. Howard told the Todd Starnes Show. You should respect the flag. If you don t respect the flag, just stay seated. Don t make a big scene,  he said.  At least respect the people that paid for your scholarship to get you on this campus   like myself and everyone else in that gym. The Garden City Telegram reported that a police officer broke up the confrontation   telling Mr. Howard to return to his seat and escorting the player off the court.When that happened, a number of people in the stands gave Mr. Howard a standing ovation and some fans even came over to shake the man s hand.It seems, they too   had had enough. Everyone around town was patting me on my back and saying thank you,  he said.The following day Samir was dismissed from the team.However, there are two versions as to what happened. The local newspaper says it was Samir s decision to leave. But the American Civil Liberties Union claims the young man was kicked off the team.The Kansas chapter of the ACLU fired off a letter to the community college demanding answers and claiming that Samir s constitutional rights were violated. He refrained from participating in the national anthem because he is a Muslim and his faith prohibits acts of reverence to anything but God,  the ACLU wrote in a letter to the school.Well, if that s the case, why didn t Samir stay inside the locker room with the rest of the team during the national anthem? ",0
9367,JUST IN: THREE LIBERAL REPORTERS Bribed To Push “Trump Dossier” Propaganda," It s no wonder that Fusion GPS wants to block documents from coming out. The newest unsealed documents are explosive enough with the revelation that there was a payoff to three reporters to push negative news on Trump. Who are the three journalists? Well, Fusion GPS wants that to remain a secret Unsealed court documents reveal that the firm behind the salacious 34-page Trump-Russia Dossier, Fusion GPS, was paid $523,000 by a Russian businessman convicted of tax fraud and money laundering, whose lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was a key figure in the infamous June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower arranged by Fusion GPS associate Rob Goldstone.In short, D.C. opposition research firm Fusion GPS is the common denominator linked to two schemes used to damage the Trump campaign.PAYOFF TO THREE JOURNALISTS:Newly filed court documents confirm that Fusion GPS, the company mostly responsible for the controversial  Trump dossier  on presidential candidate Donald Trump, made payments to three journalists between June 2016 until February 2017.The revelation could be a breakthrough for House Republicans, who are exploring whether Fusion GPS used the dossier, which was later criticized for having inaccurate information on Trump, to feed anti-Trump stories to the press during and after the presidential campaign. The three journalists who were paid by Fusion GPS are known to have reported on  Russia issues relevant to [the committee s] investigation,  the House Intelligence Committee said in a court filing.REDACTED DOCUMENTS AND RESTRAINING ORDERS:But the recipients  names, the amounts, and purposes of those payments were either redacted from the documents that Fusion GPS filed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia or were not disclosed.Fusion has asked the court to issue a restraining order against the House committee, which is demanding documents from the company that, among other things, explain the payments it made to reporters. Most of the documents sought are banking records.Let s hope that the details come to light and all are held accountable for their corruption.",0
9368,JUDICIARY MEMBER: Why was FBI’s Case on Clinton Labelled ‘Special’ Status? [Video]," I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
9369,LOL! NYC COLLEGE Tells NYPD To Use Bathroom At Far End Of Campus With “Dirty and Broken Toilet” So They Don’t Offend Students,"Brooklyn College is advising New York City police officers to use bathrooms on the far end of campus in order to avoid being seen by students who might be offended by their presence.The Excelsior, the college s student newspaper, reported last week that Director of Public Safety Donald Wenz would  prefer  if members of the New York Police Department (NYPD) used facilities in the West End Building (WEB)  rather than walking across either quad to use the bathroom. Wenz s comments come in the wake of a film screening of the movie  Watched,  which documents an NYPD informant who surveilled Muslim students on campus for a period of four years as part of the city s counterterrorism efforts. After the screening, students were allowed to share their thoughts on having NYPD officers on campus. I disagree with them being on campus. Especially allowing them to use the building where student groups are held,  one unidentified student remarked, according to The Excelsior, later noting that he would be sending a petition to College President Michelle Anderson, pressuring her to issue a statement  that we do not want the NYPD on campus in any respect even if it s just to take breaks and use bathrooms. After discovering The Excelsior s report, The New York Post took a trip to the WEB, where officers are now encouraged to use the bathroom, and found an  out of order  sign on the stall door, with a dirty and broken toilet on the inside. The bathroom is horrendous. You can only wash your hands in one of the sinks because the other two are broken,  one student told the Post, though others argued that NYPD should not be allowed on campus at all. I know students from every background and across every major. They don t feel comfortable around cops. They just don t. It makes safe spaces feel not so safe,  one unidentified student remarked, with another telling the Post that it s  weird  seeing cops on campus.But members of the NYPD who monitor the neighborhood surrounding the school told the Post that the student sentiments are  insane.    Campus Reform ",0
9370,WOW! NASTY LIBERALS ATTACK 9-Year Old Girl After Video Showing Her Getting Excited To See Donald Trump Goes Viral…” I will punch that lil girl in ha face”,"The Washington Post published an article with a video of 9-year old Ava Lovley of Newport, Maine, in the back seat of the family car, that captured her reaction when her mother, Kim, told her that they were going to a Donald Trump rally in January, 2016. We re Republicans, but we re not political people at all,  Kim Lovley told us by phone when we spoke on Tuesday afternoon. Ava was a big Trump fan, though, and had been tracking his candidacy since he announced.  She said she loved his hair and that he speaks his mind,  Kim said. And since Ava herself is a bit outspoken, that appealed.Kim arranged for the family to see Trump at an event in Farmington, N.H., about three miles from Newport, just over the state line.  When I put [the video] on Facebook, basically it was just for our friends and family to see how happy she was,  Kim said.  It wasn t for any political agenda.  When a friend helped her upload the video to YouTube, though, it blew up. Kim and her husband Jason had been fielding phone calls from members of the media all day.Neither of them has decided whom to vote for, by the way.  I d never been to a rally and a rally is not where her mother wanted to be yesterday,  Kim Lovley told us by phone when we spoke on Tuesday afternoon. But  after going to the rally, I was quite compelled by hearing what Mr. Trump had to say. I thought he gave a great rally. Ava enjoyed it, too, naturally.  Ava had the Best time!!!,  Jason Lovley reported on Facebook.  She enjoyed every minute! Twitter resurrected the viral video yesterday and tolerant hate-filled liberals have done everything from threatening the little girl to suggesting that her parents should have thrown her out onto the road. Unfortunately, for Democrats, Independent voters have been turned off by their party and the hate they spew. Every time Independent voters see reactions like these to an innocent little girl being attacked for being excited to see her favorite presidential candidate, it helps to confirm who they don t want to be associated with.Liberals wasted no time attacking the little girl:This the ugliest shit I ve ever seen https://t.co/VMr6k0H2AP  Nazanin Kavari (@Nazaninkavari) November 21, 2017Liberal Twitter users attacked her because of the color of her skin.this is singlehandedly the whitest, most unseasoned thing i've ever watched. pic.twitter.com/bPZE39wDDZ    (@iwishyouweregay) November 19, 2017Bentley Coop threatened the little 9-year old girl,  I will punch that lil girl in ha face. I will punch that lil girl in ha face.  Oh my word  face ass.. FUCK TRUMP https://t.co/I4xGLpi2nR  Bentley Coop (@erykahnobadu_) November 21, 2017Two different Twitter users used GIF s to suggest that her parents should have thrown her out of the car or better yet, over a cliff:If I was in the car with them pic.twitter.com/k4BCJ2WB0L  Marc (@MarcKardashian) November 21, 2017throw the whole kid away pic.twitter.com/7YO68EvpaD  spicy  (@LuDawl) November 21, 2017This tweet is a perfect example of how liberals have overused the word  racist  that is no longer has any real meaning to most people.can racists stop reproducing?? Like fuck y'all could benefit from free birth control https://t.co/360kYpLMRj  Lindsay Phoenix (@mylittlemortys) November 21, 2017So many Twitter users seem to think that it s okay to mock her because of her skin color. Of course, liberals never think of themselves as intolerant, but the truth is, they are the most intolerant and racist group of people in America. pic.twitter.com/oYU3z1qAvy  Valeria (@strangerdoIans) November 19, 2017And finally, this white Twitter user asks,  Imagine being this white? Imagine being this white   faggot crocodile wet tea (@sunflowereilish) November 19, 2017h/t Gateway Pundit",0
9371,PATHETIC! It’s What Trump DIDN’T Say To Eminem That Has The Rapper ‘Extremely Angry’ [Video],"Seriously? How pathetic is this? In an effort to score some publicity, Eminem performed a  free style  rap saying disgusting things about President Trump. It s clear now that POTUS was not biting TRUMP GETS THE LAST LAUGH!Eminem says he is  extremely angry  President Trump never responded to his BET Awards freestyle:  I feel like he s not paying attention to me. I was kinda waiting for him to say something, and for some reason, he didn t say anything. Pathetic Eminem says he is  extremely angry  President Trump never responded to his BET Awards freestyle: ""I feel like he's not paying attention to me. I was kinda waiting for him to say something, and for some reason, he didn't say anything."" pic.twitter.com/PaSMvUm5gK  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 21, 2017LOL! PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID NOTHING SO GUESS WHERE THE NEW SONG HIT WORST EVER RELEASE BY EMINEM SINCE 1998Trump curse strikes again. Eminem's new single is his first not to debut in the Billboard top 10 since 1998. pic.twitter.com/lotqxlqCvY  Thirsty Grunt   (@Thirsty_Grunt) November 21, 2017",0
9372,WHAT TRUMP JUST SAID Should Scare All Gropers in Congress Who Settled Sex Assault Cases Using Taxpayer Dollars,"President Trump wants those who settled sexual harassment cases using our tax dollars to be exposed The House is responsible for the sexual assault slush fund that used our taxpayer money to pay off accusers. We should all call for this slush fund to be shut down This is NOT what our hard earned money should be paying for NEW: President Trump tells me he believe Congress should release the names of lawmakers who have settled sexual harassment claims  Trey Yingst (@TreyYingst) November 21, 2017The Transcript and video of Rep. Jackie Speier on  Face the Nation,  Nov. 19, 2017 is below. She spoke to John Dickerson and Chuck Todd before that about the $15 million in settlements for sexual harassment by congress members. Americans are furious that their tax dollars are being used in such a way WITHOUT the harasser being held accountable. These gropers should pay for this themselves!HERE S THE COMMENT FROM THE INTERVIEW BELOW THAT REALLY STANDS OUT:  we have a system in place that allows for the harasser to go unchecked. Doesn t pay for the settlement himself and is never identified. So the Office of Compliance to which a victim must apply or complain is a place that has really been an enabler of sexual harassment for these many years because of the way it s constructed.    REP JACKIE SPEIERRep. Jackie Speier, D-California, joined  Face the Nation  Sunday to discuss the fallout from the flood of sexual assault and harassment allegations across the U.S., and sexual harassment in Congress.JOHN DICKERSON: The debate over sexual harassment moved into the halls of Congress after California Democratic Congresswoman Jackie Speier went public with her own experience of unwanted sexual advances as a young Capitol Hill staffer. Speier s revelation actually inspired Leeann Tweeden to come forward with her allegations against Senator Franken.This week, Congresswoman Speier introduced legislation in the House aimed at fighting sexual harassment in Congress. And she joins us this morning from Palm Springs, California. Congresswoman, I want to start with something you wrote. You said that,  It s clear the good old boys club mentality of Capitol Hill still persists after all these years. It is perhaps the worst I ve seen in 30 years of working on these issues.  The old boys club was pretty bad. You re saying it s worse now?JACKIE SPEIER: Well, I think it s worse in part because we have a system in place that allows for the harasser to go unchecked. Doesn t pay for the settlement himself and is never identified. So the Office of Compliance to which a victim must apply or complain is a place that has really been an enabler of sexual harassment for these many years because of the way it s constructed.JOHN DICKERSON: As Congress and the larger culture tries to figure out what the standard is for treating accusers who come forward, something better than what has been where they ve been blocked, but also something that doesn t allow false accusations, how does that standard get determined, in your mind?JACKIE SPEIER: Well, first of all, we have to make sure that a complaint is taken seriously. And the person who is the victim is not somehow tortured or intimidated into not filing the complaint. That s what it is right now in Congress. There s a one month period where you re counseled. There s another month where you go through mandatory mediation and you have to sign a non disclosure agreement at the front end.And then you have a month of cooling off period. I mean, that is truly ridiculous. It s important for us to remember too, John, that over 90% of those who have been sexually harassed or sexually assaulted are telling the truth. So all these victims who have come forward with Roy Moore or with the president or with Al Franken, all of them have to be, we expect to believe them because, for the most part, they are telling the truth. There is no gain for them to come forward. There re lots of down sides, frankly.JOHN DICKERSON: What s your view about reevaluating the situation? You mentioned the president. The White House seems to suggest, and Senator Cotton also seemed to suggest that the voters knew about this. They voted for him. And so it s an issue that s in the past. How do you see it?JACKIE SPEIER: Well, I think there is some truth to that. If the president was running today, I bet he would not be elected because I think we have had a huge cultural shift that was 40 years in the making, but I think all of us are grateful now that there is a new day for women in the workplace, where they do not have to put up with sexual advances that are unwanted. That they do not have to live and work in a hostile work environment. And that s going to be good for all of us in the workplace.JOHN DICKERSON: As that cultural shift takes place, some people have argued, some Democrats and liberals have argued, that a reevaluation of Bill Clinton s presidency is required. What do you think about that in order to be clear about what the new standard is and use, you know, elements from the past that are well known?JACKIE SPEIER: Well, first of all, let s remember that he did face impeachment. It wasn t as if it was just tossed to the side. He faced impeachment. I think that the victims who came forward were not treated as they should have been. They should have been believed because, as I have pointed out, most people who come forward are telling the truth.JOHN DICKERSON: In the case of Al Franken, what s your feeling about that? There have been some columnists who ve written that basically again, liberals have said he must leave the Senate in order for Democrats to retain their credibility on this issue, or else they re open to the charge that Democrats apply it when it comes to Republicans, but are more generous when it comes to their own team.JACKIE SPEIER: I think it s appropriate for the ethics committee to do an investigation. Senator Franken has actually agreed to that as well. I also think that it has to be determined if there s a pattern of sexual harassment. Incidents have to be severe or they have to be ones that happen over a period of time. So I think we ll wait and see what the investigation determines.JOHN DICKERSON: Is that an instructive distinction then, pattern versus specific mistake in terms of what might penalize somebody but be the difference between penalizing and expulsion?JACKIE SPEIER: And that s what the Courts have held with sexual harassment cases. If there s a pattern, then sexual harassment is found to be in existence. If it s a one event and it s maybe a conversation versus, you know, sexual assault or an unwanted sexual advance, so it really depends on the circumstances in all of these cases.JOHN DICKERSON: Final question on a different topic, on taxes. Eleven of your Republican colleagues in California voted for the House tax cut bill in which deductibility of state and local taxes is no longer allowed. They were told- at least one of them was told,  Well, that ll get fixed later. And Californians who have high taxes will be able to deduct them.  What s your-do you believe that?JACKIE SPEIER: No, I don t believe it. And I think for all of those members who basically have handed their constituents a $10,000 tax increase, that s what we re talking about. When you take the state and local taxes and the property taxes and the mortgage deduction that is reduced to $500,000, it is a huge hit for every single California family.JOHN DICKERSON: All right, Congresswoman, thanks so much for being with us. And we ll back in one JACKIE SPEIER: Thank you, John.JOHN DICKERSON: minute with White House budget director Mick Mulvaney.",0
9373,JUST IN: POTUS Speaks Out On Alabama’s Roy Moore…The Left Goes Bonkers [Video],"President Trump just spoke out on the alleged sexual misconduct of Alabama s Roy Moore. It took a split second for leftist media outlets like  Fake News  CNN to say that Trump  all but endorsed  Moore.  Twitter was exploding with faux outrage from the left. As usual, President Trump said what we re all thinking POTUS said Roy Moore  totally denies it  BUT did not endorse Moore Trump on Roy Moore sexual misconduct allegations:  He totally denies it you have to listen to him also  pic.twitter.com/HFCZjEhkFe  NBC News (@NBCNews) November 21, 2017 He denies it. Look, he denies it,  Trump said of Moore.  If you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours. He totally denies it. He says it didn t happen. And look, you have to look at him also. Several women have come forward and accused Moore of pursuing romantic relationships with them when they were teenagers and he was in his 30s, and several others also have accused him of assault .Not one of them has proven anything against him.The President expressed opposition to  liberal  Democrat Doug Jones: We don t need a liberal person in there, a Democrat, Jones. I ve looked at his record. It s terrible on crime. It s terrible on the border. It s terrible on military,  Trump said.  I can tell you for a fact we do not need somebody who s going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad for the military, bad for the Second Amendment. President Trump left the door open to campaigning with Moore: I ll be letting you know next week,  he said, when asked whether he will campaign with Moore.Trump repeatedly emphasized that Jones has denied the allegations brought against him:Trump declined to say whether he believed Moore s denials, but when asked he again pointed to the denials.   Well, he denies. I mean, he denies. I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And by the way, it is a total denial. And I do have to say 40 years is a long time. He s run eight races and this has never come up. Forty years is a long time,  Trump said, pointing to the amount of time that has passed since the alleged behavior. ",0
9374,BALL FAMILY MEMBER Reveals SICK Reason LaVar Ball Allegedly Wouldn’t Let His Sons See Their Mother After “Surgery To Remove Portion of Her Skull”,"Last week, President Trump stepped in and interceded on behalf of three young UCLA basketball players who foolishly were caught shoplifting in China. Shoplifting in China is not treated lightly and most likely would have resulted in a prison term for all three young men. President Trump was able to convince China s President Xi, however, to release the three young men from custody. When asked how the loudmouth father of  LiAngelo Ball felt about President Trump helping to secure the release of his son, LiAngelo, LaVar Ball suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. President Trump took to Twitter to reply to LaVar Ball s ignorant comments:Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017So who is this crackpot LaVar Ball, and why would anyone in their right mind make such arrogant and ignorant remarks after the President of the United States just helped their son to escape a prison sentence in a foreign country?  Andrew Stephens of the Armchair All Americans did a pretty good job of summing up what a horrible human being the self-serving, money, and fame-obsessed LaVar Ball really is. In his article, Stephens reveals a sick man, who is so controlling of his 3 sons and their basketball careers, that he wouldn t even let them visit their very sick mother in the hospital, over fears that it could create media attention that could damage his merchandise brand. On March 15, 2017, Andrew Stephens of Armchair All Americans published an article about Lavar Ball titled Lavar Ball: The epitome of what is wrong with modern sports. It touched on helicopter parenting and the monetization of potentially profitable children.Stephens claimed that in the article, without commenting on upbringing tactics, I attempted to delve into Lavar Ball s seemingly unnecessary promotion of his own sons for his personal benefit.About an hour after the article was run, I received a comment on it from a member of the Ball family, who wishes to remain anonymous. The comment (which has since been removed to protect the email address and identity of the commenter) read as follows:- Wow. You nailed it. Although you don t even know the half of it. Lavar took over the high school program, added the Coach, his puppet (which is why he quit last year after becoming the national coach of the year) and Lavar stepped on and crushed countless other kids  careers and love for the game to get his kids on the court. If you are allowed to shoot at any time from any where and never come out of the game, any decent idiot could score 30 points.Also, Tina Ball, his wife had a stroke on Feb 21. She had life threatening skull surgery to relieve brain pressure   guess where Lavar was during the operation that could have killed his wife?   at the CHHS vs. LB Poly game with his sons, including Lonzo. He still has not allowed his kids to see their sick mother due to the media attention it would bring to him, and cause BBB sales to diminish. [Name of hospital] in [City of hospital], CA   Tina is there now and he only visits for 1 hour a few days a week, while her Mother has yet to leave her side. Pathetic!!! I was a bit skeptical when I initially viewed the comment. I figured that it was someone attempting to drive a smear campaign against the Ball family, seeing how Lavar was such a polarizing figure. But, the information was oddly specific.After a bit of deliberation, I contacted the email address listed with the comment. They confirmed through multiple email and social media confirmations that they were, in fact, a close relative of Lavar and Tina Ball. I also spoke with the hospital listed in the email. The hospital confirmed that Tina Ball was checked in as of 12:30 PM EST on March 15.Tina, who was very active on Twitter, stopped communication on February 19, which fits in with the timeline provided below by a member of the Ball family.Watch this video as the loud-mouth, obnoxious LaVar Ball is interviewed on the Skip and Shannon Undisputed sports show.One of the first questions the female host asked of LaVar was about his desire to have a reality show made about him and his family (Keep in mind, this interview took place shortly after a very serious stroke). It s hard not to pick up on the sadness expressed on the face of his oldest son Lonzo Ball, while his overbearing father dominates the conversation and makes a complete ass of himself:When confirming the identity of the member of the Ball family that commented via email, we received another large piece of harrowing information: Notice, she is not at any games, she is not at work, and she is not at home. Someone needs to ask the question, where is Tina? She is severely disabled and paralyzed on right side. Cannot talk and is questionable about her comprehension. Left side of her brain impacted with massive stroke, while at home on Feb. 21 (school holiday   President s day). Tina is a PE teacher in [City of school],CA [Name of school].Feb. 20: Tina Ball admitted at [Name of first hospital] ICUFeb. 21: Surgery to remove a portion of her skull to reduce swelling from the stroke (evening)Feb 21: Chino Hills vs LB Poly @ Cerritos College   evening game (same time as surgery) Lavar & Lonzo at the game with the other Ball boys   missed the surgery and post op. Did not come to hospital during or after surgery. The Ball boys are not allowed to see their mother, Lavar is afraid it will take away from their game(s). Lonzo had big game at ASU and U of A later that week. Also, media buzz would take away from all the interviews and media touring for Lavar + BBB brand would suffer. It literally is bigger than Tina s life, as evidenced by Lavar s approach. As a family member, I am embarrassed and feel so sorry for Tina, since Lavar is on a media tour, he visits her rarely, while her mother has stayed by her side continuously. The crux of the original story was rooted in that fact that Lavar Ball s priorities were self-motivated and not for the betterment of a  family brand.  After hearing the explicit details given to us, if these allegations are true   it only confirms one thing for Lavar Ball: money and fame are king.LaVar recently attempted to sell his Ball s Big Baller Brand for a billion dollars. When major shoe companies laughed at his offer, he raised his price to 3 billion dollars. How Ball ever got his product line this far is really quite amazing.  When LaVar Ball said he wanted $1 billion for a Big Baller Brand co-branding shoe deal for his three sons, the big shoe companies scoffed.After that rejection, Big Baller Brand released Lonzo Ball s first signature shoe, the ZO2, and decided to charge a minimum of $495 for a pair. LaVar told Colin Cowherd on Wednesday that companies like Nike, Adidas and Under Armour will regret not forking over $1 billion and that he s decided to raise the price for a deal. Now that Lonzo s headed to Los Angeles, what they should have done is give me a billion dollars and let me be on my way,  LaVar said, referring to the Lakers drawing the No. 2 pick in next month s NBA draft.But now? Apparently, the draft lottery results tripled Big Baller Brand s value. Now you know if they want to talk to me now, it just went up to $3 billion. Triple B s billion, billion, billion,  he told Sports Illustrated.LaVar had a chance to fix his embarrassing error of disrespecting the President for the gift he gave their family, but instead chose to double down on stupid, in one of the most painfully ignorant interviews you will ever witness, with CNN s Chris Cuomo:",0
9375,FORMER NFL PLAYER: UCLA Player’s Dad Said ‘Dumbest Thing’ [Video],"Former NFL player Shannon Sharpe on Tuesday called LaVar Ball s complaints directed at President Donald Trump the  dumbest thing  he could have said. Sharpe is usually as anti-Trump as they come but is just smart enough to understand that it s idiotic to diss the president. Sharpe makes some dumb comments during the rant about LaVar Ball but it s pretty big that he is supportive of President Trump:Sharpe appeared to take Trump s side in the feud and said the president s involvement in China  didn t hurt the situation. I can assure you President Trump mentioning [the detainment] to the Chinese President didn t hurt his situation. If he [LaVar Ball] felt this strongly, why didn t the hell he say that while they were over there? This is when he should have been vocal.  Sharpe said.Sharpe also asked why, if Trump didn t help the situation, why did all three players personally thank him? Why did all three of those guys get up there and say thank President Trump, personally? Thank the American government, personally?  Sharpe inquired.  I didn t hear one of them mention LaVar Ball s name. I did hear three  President Trumps  and three  American government.  Now they get back on American soil, he [LaVar Ball] wants to pound his chest. I see why President Trump used the word  ungrateful,'  he added.Later in the segment, Sharpe said Trump wouldn t have had to say anything about LiAngelo Ball if he hadn t attempted to steal. President Trump would have said nothing about the boy. If your son would have had kept his sticky ass fingers in his pockets, and not take peoples  stuff in China, we wouldn t even be having this conversation,  Sharpe said, directing his comments to LaVar Ball.In the past, Sharpe has criticized Trump, especially over the president s comments about player protests in the NFL. Read more: WFB",0
9376,WATCH: CNN’s Chris Cuomo Stunned At STUPIDITY of LaVar Ball After Refusing To “Thank” President Trump For Helping His Son Get Out of Chinese Jail Sentence,"CNN host Chris Cuomo definitely drew the short straw when he was asked to fill in for host Don Lemon, on  Tonight with Don Lemon . Unfortunately for Cuomo, he was tasked with interviewing the outrageous, nonsensical Lavar Ball, father of UCLA basketball player LiAngelo Ball, who was arrested in China for shoplifting. Americans were outraged when Lavar refused to  thank  President Trump for asking Chinese President Xi to allow the young men to be set free, and took it a step further when he insisted Trump didn t deserve any credit for his son s release.Watch:CNN compiled a list of some of Lavar Ball s most incredible comments during the interview. Here is a sampling of Lavar s bizarre remarks during the interview (Our comments are in italics): It s not like he was in the US and said, OK, there s three kids in China, I need to go over there and get them? That wasn t the thought process, right? I don t have to say, to go around saying thank you to everybody. You come around and shake my hand, and meet me, or meet my son, or anybody and then say you know what, maybe I can help you out. Just because people say things, you know, that s supposed to be true, like hey, I stopped him from serving ten years. Maybe we were doing some talking with other people before he even got there. I don t have   no doubts about what he did. I got doubts about what he didn t do. Huh? If I m coming to get you out of trouble, you best believe I m going to take you with me. It s just somebody ask me a question and I gave a lot of confusion to you. Uhh while we re talking about confusion, can someone please explain what the hell he just said? Why is it confusing? Are you concerned? Somebody can make a suggestion and somebody could do something. You have people that make suggestions you got people that do things. Why are we talking about this with all these political matters going on in the world? Says the guy who has no idea why President Trump was in China in the first place. I know exactly what I said. But you buffered it up like you said that you don t want to say thank you to nobody. Buffered it up? I know you re trying to add tone to it because that s what you do. Can you  add tone  to someone s tone when they, themselves are speaking on tv? I had some things done, I talked to some people that did some things, too. If you want something, and you want it, you shouldn t just go and steal it. You can to Africa and somewhere and do the same thing anywhere you go in someone else s country, yes, it s going to be a little deeper than what you thought it was. Ball asked Cuomo if Trump paid their bail, suggesting that if he did, then, he would be grateful to the President. This comment is nothing short of spectacularly incredible. I m asking you, I m asking you. Did he do it? Let him do his political affairs and let me handle my son and let s just stay in our lane. Somebody asked me a question, man. I give him my opinion, but I am not taking a shot at the president.  Yeah, okay Lavar. Whatever you say I m not the other guys, though. I m not the other guys. I m doing something else. I m not the other guys.  Lavar Ball then goes on to ask CNN host Chris Cuomo to  thank  him. Can you say thank you, Mr. LaVar Ball? When Cuomo seems to be confused as to why Ball is asking him to  thank  Ball, Ball then asks another idiotic question:  Give me a couple of reasons why you re thanking me. You don t say thank you like any kind of word. Next, Lavar reminds the CNN host that he has a title, and would appreciate it if Chris Cuomo would address him by his title: My title is LaVar Ball, the big baller, the CEO of the Big Baller Brand. But the Chinese people were like, you know what, he s OK. He has so much character in 18 years that he s allow to have a pass for that. Uhh actually, no they weren t. They were thinking about how many years his son would be sentenced, possibly to hard labor for the crimes he committed in their country.This may be the funniest line of all. Ball asks the anti-Trump CNN host if he s  Trump s brother ? Are you Trump s brother? You want me to thank you? Did you thank the doctor for bringing you into this world? Well, you better go back and find him. Because you lucky. Apparently, this is Lavar logic Ball then changes gears and makes yet another strange comment: I like how you keep saying my whole name, man. Cuomo then responds to Ball, explaining that his friends call him  Mo.   My friends call me Mo. You can call me Mo. Finally, Ball makes his final and completely ignorant remark to end the completely off-the-wall segment with Cuomo:  Chrome-Mo like Google. Like the Google Chrome.  ??????????? ",0
9377,JUST IN: NEW DOCUMENTS Found Link Hillary to Russia in Uranium One Deal [Video],"This could get ugly and should! A  treasure trove  of new documents found linking Hillary to the Russia deal to sell uranium Nick Short said it best:  This could get ugly This is not just about bribery and kickbacks but about a U.S. company that was transporting yellow-cake for the Russians with our approval. There's a treasure trove of documents tying Russia to Uranium One. https://t.co/L2gzCXWn5k pic.twitter.com/M8wzsMDpme  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) November 20, 2017Recent pushback in Congressional testimony by Department of Justice Attorney General Jeff Sessions, as well as unnamed Justice Department officials in several news articles, stating that the case involving a highly placed FBI confidential informant in the Russian nuclear industry was not connected to the sale of the Canadian firm Uranium One in 2010, does not coincide with the trove of documents, emails and memoranda obtained by this reporter that prove otherwise.Moreover, an American energy consultant, whose now an official with the Department of Energy office of Nuclear Energy, produced a memorandum regarding the acquisition of Uranium One and other legislative matters for one of the main Russian co-conspirators that was then under an FBI clandestine investigation.Within the over 5,000 documents and briefs given to the FBI and DOJ by the informant, there were detailed plans of Russia s state controlled nuclear arm Rosatom, and its subsidiaries, to penetrate America s vast energy market and its efforts to gain approval of the United States government for the eventual purchase of Uranium One. At the time Uranium One controlled roughly 20 percent of American uranium mining capacity.In fact, the evidence obtained by the Department of Justice and FBI, starting as early as 2008, paint a much different picture than that of recent reports regarding the confidential informant, William D. Campbell Jr., and his role. According to the documents, Campbell gained insight into Russia s strategic plans to gain global dominance in the uranium industry and to build a closer relationship with Obama administration officials.Read the full report at: SaraCarter.com",0
9378,BLACK CAUCUS MEMBER From Impoverished Detroit District Who’s Leading Effort To Impeach President Trump…CAUGHT Paying Off Sex Assault Victims With Taxpayer Money,"This story is about more than a massive cover-up for an elected officials who sexually assaulted innocent women, it s also about the media s lack of desire to report about crimes that have obviously been covered up in DC for a very long time. Perhaps the media s reluctance to report about the sexual abuse taking place in Washington DC, is because most, if not all, of the elected officials whose crimes are now being uncovered, are Democrats? So far, two of the most rabid anti-Trump Democrats in Washington, Senator Al Franken (D-MI) and now Representative John Conyers (D-MI) have been outed is it a coincidence, or could it be that one of the reasons Democrats are so adamantly opposed to Trump s presidency is because he is shaking things up in Washington, and in doing so, he s breaking up the good ole  boys network?Buzzfeed   Michigan Rep. John Conyers, a Democrat and the longest-serving member of the House of Representatives, settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 with a former employee who alleged she was fired because she would not  succumb to [his] sexual advances. Documents from the complaint obtained by BuzzFeed News from Mike Cernovich, include four signed affidavits, three of which are notarized, from former staff members who allege that Conyers, the ranking Democrat on the powerful House Judiciary Committee, repeatedly made sexual advances to female staff that included requests for sexual favors, contacting and transporting other women with whom they believed Conyers was having affairs, caressing their hands sexually, and rubbing their legs and backs in public. Four people involved with the case verified the documents are authentic.And the documents also reveal the secret mechanism by which Congress has kept an unknown number of sexual harassment allegations secret: a grinding, closely held process that left the alleged victim feeling, she told BuzzFeed News, that she had no option other than to stay quiet and accept a settlement offered to her. I was basically blackballed. There was nowhere I could go,  she said in a phone interview. BuzzFeed News is withholding the woman s name at her request because she said she fears retribution.Last week the Washington Post reported that Congress s Office of Compliance paid out $17 million for 264 settlements with federal employees over 20 years for various violations, including sexual harassment. The Conyers documents, however, give a glimpse into the inner workings of the office, which has for decades concealed episodes of sexual abuse by powerful political figures.The woman who settled with Conyers launched the complaint with the Office of Compliance in 2014, alleging she was fired for refusing his sexual advances, and ended up facing a daunting process that ended with a confidentiality agreement in exchange for a settlement of more than $27,000. Her settlement, however, came from Conyers  office budget rather than the designated fund for settlements.Congress has no human resources department. Instead, congressional employees have 180 days to report a sexual harassment incident to the Office of Compliance, which then leads to a lengthy process that involves counseling and mediation, and requires the signing of a confidentiality agreement before a complaint can go forward.After this an employee can choose to take the matter to federal district court, but another avenue is available: an administrative hearing, after which a negotiation and settlement may follow.In this case, one of Conyers  former employees was offered a settlement, in exchange for her silence, that would be paid out of Conyers  taxpayer-funded office budget. His office would  rehire  the woman as a  temporary employee  despite her being directed not to come into the office or do any actual work, according to the document. The complainant would receive a total payment of $27,111.75 over the three months, after which point she would be removed from the payroll, according to the document.The draft agreement viewed by BuzzFeed News was unsigned, but congressional employment records match the timing and amounts outlined in the document. The woman left the office and never went public with her story.The process was  disgusting,  said Matthew Peterson, who worked as a law clerk representing the complainant, and who listed as a signatory to some of the documents.Hillary Clinton and John Conyers have been longtime friends. What is it about Hillary that sexual predators find so endearing?  It is a designed cover-up,  said Peterson, who declined to discuss details of the case but agreed to characterize it in general terms.  You feel like they were betrayed by their government just for coming forward. It s like being abused twice. Two staffers alleged in their signed affidavits that Conyers used congressional resources to fly in women they believed he was having affairs with. Another said she was tasked with driving women to and from Conyers  apartment and hotel rooms.Rep. Conyers did not admit fault as part of the settlement. His office did not respond to multiple requests for comment on Monday.Citizen journalist Mike Cernovich admonishes  journalists  who are tasked with reporting the news for a living for ignoring how massive this cover up really is:The Conyers settlement was 1 out of 264!How about you ""journalists"" stop hating on me and go find those other 263?  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 21, 2017The documents were first provided to BuzzFeed News by Mike Cernovich, the men s rights figure turned pro-Trump media activist who propagated a number of false conspiracy theories including the  Pizzagate  conspiracy. Cernovich said he gave the documents to BuzzFeed News for vetting and further reporting, and because he said if he published them himself, Democrats and congressional leaders would  try to discredit the story by attacking the messenger.  He provided them without conditions. BuzzFeed News independently confirmed the authenticity of the documents with four people directly involved with the case, including the accuser.Here s citizen journalist Mike Cernovich telling his massive Twitter audience that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan helped to cover up John Conyers disgusting sexual assaults:Congressman John Conyers is a sexual predator, and Paul Ryan covered it all up https://t.co/rHAzX4Hevo  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 21, 2017In her complaint, the former employee said Conyers repeatedly asked her for sexual favors and often asked her to join him in a hotel room. On one occasion, she alleges that Conyers asked her to work out of his room for the evening, but when she arrived the congressman started talking about his sexual desires. She alleged he then told her she needed to  touch it,  in reference to his penis, or find him a woman who would meet his sexual demands.She alleged Conyers made her work nights, evenings, and holidays to keep him company.In another incident, the former employee alleged the congressman insisted she stay in his room while they traveled together for a fundraising event. When she told him that she would not stay with him, she alleged he told her to  just cuddle up with me and caress me before you go. Rep. Conyers strongly postulated that the performing of personal service or favors would be looked upon favorably and lead to salary increases or promotions,  the former employee said in the documents.Three other staff members provided affidavits submitted to the Office Of Compliance that outlined a pattern of behavior from Conyers that included touching the woman in a sexual manner and growing angry when she brought her husband around.One affidavit from a former female employee states that she was tasked with flying in women for the congressman.  One of my duties while working for Rep. Conyers was to keep a list of women that I assumed he was having affairs with and call them at his request and, if necessary, have them flown in using Congressional resources,  said her affidavit. (A second staffer alleged in an interview that Conyers used taxpayer resources to fly women to him.)The employee said in her affidavit that Conyers also made sexual advances toward her:  I was driving the Congressman in my personal car and was resting my hand on the stick shift. Rep. Conyers reached over and began to caress my hand in a sexual manner. The woman said she told Conyers she was married and not interested in pursuing a sexual relationship, according to the affidavit. She said she was told many times by constituents that it was well-known that Conyers had sexual relationships with his staff, and said she and other female staffers felt this undermined their credibility. I am personally aware of several women who have experienced the same or similar sexual advances made towards them by Rep[.] John Conyers,  she said in her affidavit.A male employee wrote that he witnessed Rep. Conyers rub the legs and other body parts of the complainant  in what appeared to be a sexual manner  and saw the congressman rub and touch other women  in an inappropriate manner.  The employee said he confronted Conyers about this behavior. Rep. Conyers said he needed to be  more careful  because bad publicity would not be helpful as he runs for re-election. He ended the conversation with me by saying he would  work on  his behavior,  the male staffer said in his affidavit.",0
9379,ROY MOORE WITCH HUNT UNRAVELLING: More Witnesses Step Forward To Refute Story Of Latest Roy Moore Accuser…OUCH!,"This is truly shocking! Roy Moore takes a commanding lead in the Alabama Senatorial race as the allegations against him by the left and the RINO Republicans collapse. Check this out:Yesterday, the spread between the two leading candidates was 15 Today, it s 62 -40. While the internal polling for the Moore campaign had the spread at 5 points, it s looking really great for a Moore win in Alabama!NEW WITNESSES REFUTE THE ACCUSER S STORY:The witnesses say they ve shared the information with news outlets but to no one s surprise, the outlets refused to run the story. The employees who came forward offered details about the restaurant that refute the claims by the accuser. The calls for the arrest of Allred for the crime of forgery are getting louder. See the interesting discrepancies with the yearbook below:Roy Moore s campaign sent the following in a press release:GADSDEN, Ala.   On Monday evening, the Moore Campaign unveiled statements from key witnesses that completely bust the story of Beverly Nelson and Gloria Allred and further reveal an unconscionable bias on the part of state and national press to hide the truth from Alabama voters who will undoubtedly see through the  fake news  and elect Judge Moore for the man that they have always known him to be.Rhonda Ledbetter, a retired public school teacher who is currently the senior choir director at a Baptist church and teaches children at a local, church-sponsored day care center, was a waitress at Olde Hickory House for almost three years from 1977-1979. She was a college student at Jacksonville State University at the time and worked varying shifts at different times of day, multiple days a week during the time of her employment. She said in a statement:  When I heard Beverly Nelson s story, there were several details that were different from what I remember. I was nervous at coming forward because of all the attention this story has gotten, but as a moral and ethical person I had to speak up about what I know to be true. I was a waitress at Olde Hickory for almost three years from 1977-1979, and I never saw Roy Moore come in to the restaurant. Not one time. And I would have noticed because most of our customers weren t wearing suits, especially not at night. Many customers worked at Goodyear next door and would stop in on their way to and from work, and I don t remember anyone from the courthouse coming in at all. That just wasn t our crowd.   A few things stuck out to me. First, Nelson said she was 15 years old when she started working there but you had to be 16. I don t remember her from my time there, and I don t remember any 15 year olds working there at all. Second, Nelson said the restaurant closed at 10 p.m. but I know the earliest it closed was 11, though I believe it was midnight. I m certain of that because Goodyear employees came in to eat after their shift ended at 10:00 p.m., so there s no way we would have closed at that time. Third, the area wasn t dark and isolated as she described. Rather, the building was right off the busy four-lane highway and people and cars were always around. The restaurant had a wrap-around porch, like the ones at Cracker Barrel restaurants, and there were lights all around the sides of the building. So it wasn t dark and anyone in the parking lot was visible from the road. Fourth, the dumpsters were to the side of the building, not around back and there sure wasn t room to park in between the building and the dumpsters. People from the kitchen would take trash out of the side door and throw it right into the dumpsters. We were always told to park on the side of the building, because there just wasn t much room behind it. I don t remember there being an exit from the back of the parking lot, there would barely have been enough room to turn a car around. I came forward because from what I ve seen, the media is only interested in reporting one side of this story. In fact, Dixon Hayes from WRBC in Birmingham asked for former employees to contact him but never responded when I told him I never saw Roy Moore come into Olde Hickory House during the three years I worked for. Two other news outlets in the state asked to interview me and I agreed, but neither one has aired my interview and I have to wonder why they don t think the people of Alabama deserve to hear anything that counteracts the accusations against Judge Moore. It s not for me to say whether or not something happened, I can only tell the truth about factual details that I know for sure. I think all Alabamians deserve to have all of the facts so they can decide for themselves what the truth is. Despite what the national media and people in DC might say, Alabama voters are intelligent and have common sense. We don t need anyone to tell us how to vote or to explain to us what really happened. We will make that decision and I just wanted to do my part in sharing the truth on some of these important facts. I, like all Alabama voters, want any and all information that can shed light on the truth. Johnny Belyeu, Sr. is a former police officer with over two decades of experience with the Etowah County Sheriff s Department and the Gadsden Police Department. He said in a statement,  I was an officer with the Etowah County Sheriff s Department in the 1970s which means I worked in the courthouse and knew who Roy Moore was since he was the Deputy District Attorney at the time. I was a regular customer at Olde Hickory House, and I never once saw Judge Moore come in there. If he had I would have immediately recognized him. I also never met Beverly Nelson during any of the many times I frequented the restaurant, and I can t say that she even worked there. Renee Schivera of Huntsville, Alabama stated,  I was a waitress at the Olde Hickory House during the summer of 1977, before my senior year of high school. When I heard Beverly Nelson s story the first thing that stuck out to me was that I don t remember Roy Moore ever coming into the restaurant. I also don t remember her working there. The other thing that struck me as odd is that from my best recollection, the dumpsters were to the side of the building. I just know they were visible from the road, and not back behind the building. But the main thing is that if someone came in almost every night we knew who there were, and I never saw Roy Moore there. As a Christian woman, I wouldn t lie for anyone and I am only sharing what I know because it s the truth. The days of unbiased reporting are over,  Moore Campaign strategist, Brett Doster said.  The liberal media will dodge any source and refuse to air any interview that doesn t square with their effort to land a liberal Democrat in the senate seat. The Moore Campaign is committed to presenting factual truth to the people of Alabama and looks forward to victory on December 12. ""The Moore Campaign unveiled statements from key witnesses that completely bust the story of Beverly Nelson and Gloria Allred and further reveal an unconscionable bias on the part of state and national press to hide the truth from Alabama voters."" #ALSen pic.twitter.com/AxIpaAMc2E  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 21, 2017Roy Moore tweeted about the yearbook that lawyer for accuser won t turn over:Good morning, Alabama!Day 7 of New York attorney Gloria Allred's refusal to turn over her fake yearbook for third party examination.#ALSen  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 21, 2017CALLS TO ARREST ALLRED!Gloria Allred is in some hot water over her effort to stop candidate Moore with salacious allegations and very flimsy evidence. The Moore campaign offered to have a handwriting analysis on the yearbook the accuser said he signed but Allred hasn t offered the yearbook up yet. The two things that came up about the signing of the yearbook are that it s in two different colors of ink and Moore was not a DA the year of the signing. The Moore signature says,  Roy Moore DA .Swamp creatures like Mitch McConnell should be called out along with the Washington Post and other political operatives. Mitch McConnell should be ashamed of his dirty politics against Moore This is backfiring on him BIG TIME!",0
9380,WATCH The White House Christmas Tree Arrival Ceremony [Video],"MAKING CHRISTMAS GREAT AGAIN! First Lady Melania Trump and Barron Trump received the official 2017 White House Christmas Tree today. It s a 19-and-a-half-foot Balsam fir from Wisconsin that was picked out in September The National Christmas Tree Association and White House officials decide on the tree in a contest held every year:CHAPMAN FAMILY WINS!Silent Night Evergreens, owned by the Chapman family, last provided the official White House Christmas tree in 1998 and 2003, according to the National Christmas Tree Association.The Chapman family got to present the tree at the White House and meet First Lady Melania Trump and Barron Trump.After the first lady and son Barron gave their symbolic approval, the tree will be set up and decorated in the Blue Room of the White House.THE FIRST LADY WROTE ON TWITTER: Thank you Silent Night Evergreens in Wisconsin for our beautiful tree! POTUS, Barron & I are excited for Christmas in our new home! Thank you Silent Night Evergreens in Wisconsin for our beautiful tree! @POTUS, Barron & I are excited for Christmas in our new home! pic.twitter.com/so6HVG1st8  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) November 21, 2017",0
9381,ACCUSED RAPIST BILL CLINTON Has 4 NEW Accusers…Claim He Sexually Assaulted Them While Flying Around On ‘Air F**k One’,"Who didn t see this coming? Four more women have come forward to charge Bill Clinton sexually assaulted them This could get interesting You know, with Hillary coming out last week with a lecture on standing up for women Will she  stand by her man  or not?Edward Klein is the former editor in chief of the New York Times Magazine and the author of numerous bestsellers including his fourth book on the Clintons, Guilty as Sin, in 2016. His latest book is All Out War: The Plot to Destroy Trump was released on October 30, 2017. Bill Clinton is facing explosive new charges of sexual assault from four women, according to highly placed Democratic Party sources and an official who served in both the Clinton and Obama administrations.The current accusations against the 71-year-old former president   whose past is littered with charges of sexual misconduct   stem from the period after he left the White House in 2001, say the sources.Attorneys representing the women, who are coordinating their efforts, have notified Clinton they are preparing to file four separate lawsuits against him.As part of the ongoing negotiations, the attorneys for the women are asking for substantial payouts in return for their clients  silence.A member of Clinton s legal team has confirmed the existence of the new allegations.Back in the late 1990s, Clinton paid $850,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee whose case led to Clinton s impeachment in the House of Representatives and his subsequent acquittal by the Senate in 1999. The negotiations in the new lawsuits are said to have reached a critical stage. If they fail, according to sources in Clinton s inner circle, the four women are said to be ready to air their accusations of sexual assault at a press conference, making Clinton the latest   and most famous   figure in a long list of men from Harvey Weinstein to Kevin Spacey who have recently been accused of sexual assault.The new allegations refer to incidents that took place more than 10 years ago, in the early 2000s, when Clinton was hired by Ron Burkle, the playboy billionaire investor, to work at his Yucaipa companies. Clinton helped Burkle generate business and flew around the world with a flock of beautiful young women on Burkle s private jet, which was nicknamed  Air F**k One.  The four women, who have not yet revealed their identities, were employed in low-level positions at the Burkle organization when they were in their late teens and claim they were sexually assaulted by the former president.Read more: Daily Mail",0
9382,LOL! Marshawn Lynch’s Mommy Comes To Her Son’s Defense After Trump Calls Him Out For Disrespecting U.S. Flag During NFL Game In Mexico: “what NFL team do Trump own ?”,"President Donald Trump says that the Oakland Raiders should suspend running back Marshawn Lynch for the rest of the season for disrespecting the flag after he did not stand for the anthem.Before Sunday s game against the New England Patriots in Mexico City, Lynch sat during the playing of the  Star Spangled Banner,  as he has done all season. Lynch did stand when the Mexican national anthem was played.Marshawn Lynch sits during the US national anthem, stands for Mexican anyhem pic.twitter.com/8wdaKprEki  Ben Volin (@BenVolin) November 19, 2017While Lynch hasn t publicly commented on the protest, he did wear a shirt that said  Everybody vs. Trump  before a Week 4 game against the Denver Broncos. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down,  Trump tweeted on Monday morning.  SIMarshawn Lynch of the NFL s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2017The mama of big tough guy, NFL player Marshawn Lynch, who recently left the bench during a game, to assault a referee with over a call he disagreed with, has taken to Twitter in hopes of embarrassing President Donald Trump.Here s Marshawn Lynch leaving the bench to assault a referee during a game. He was later suspended by the team for his inappropriate actions:nickr83: Tensions flare in Oakland. #TNF #KCvsOAK CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City   https://t.co/DDAQV3HyiY pic.twitter.com/jvVsmiXBuu  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Here it is again in slow motion:silverhunt: Beast mode!! CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City Chiefs at Oakland Raiders https://t.co/lMUBGz02dH pic.twitter.com/9Mahc5vHhd  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Perhaps Delisa Lynch should consider refraining from making public comments on Twitter. By the looks of her tweet, the only one who should be embarrassed by Delisha Lynch s tweet is Delisa Lynch, whose grammar and punctuation is almost as embarrassing as her loser son s behavior. Lynch starts each sentence in her tweet with lower case letters and ends her tweet with a sentence followed by a space, a comma, and two exclamation points for emphasis.  Lynch s tweet was apparently intended to embarrass President Trump, when she asked, what NFL team do Trump own ? oh yeah they wouldnt let him have one ,!! LMAOwhat NFL team do Trump own ? oh yeah they wouldnt let him have one ,!! LMAO https://t.co/1rPa5jfMjE  Delisa Lynch (@MommaLynch24) November 20, 2017",0
9383,"JUST IN: Veteran Journalist of 45 Years Suspended by CBS, PBS, Bloomberg After Multiple Women Claim Harassment","Who knew? Probably everyone in the news biz knew but said nothing. Charlie Rose has been groping women for years. It has come to this if a woman accuses you, you re gone, gone, gone. Apparently, several women came forward and accused the smooth talking veteran journalist of sexual misconduct. Charlie Rose immediately issued a statement apologizing but saying all claims aren t accurate. Charlie Rose was a groper? Wow!CHARLIE ROSE IS TOAST In response to a Washington Post report detailing multiple accusations of inappropriate conduct, PBS and Bloomberg announced on Monday afternoon that both companies will stop distributing Charlie Rose s eponymous show, Charlie Rose. The nightly show is produced by Rose s company, Charlie Rose Inc.Separately, CBS announced that Rose is suspended from his role as CBS This Morning co-host.  Charlie Rose is suspended immediately while we look into this matter,  the network said. Rose is also a contributing correspondent for 60 Minutes.The Post spoke to eight women for the story about Rose, which focuses on his treatment of Charlie Rose employees between the late 1990s and 2011. None of the women worked for CBS or PBS, according to the report, and PBS, CBS and Bloomberg all told the newspaper that  they have no records of sexual harassment complaints about Charlie Rose. PBS was shocked to learn today of these deeply disturbing allegations,  the organization in a statement.  We are immediately suspending distribution of  Charlie Rose.     PBS does not fund this nightly program or supervise its production, but we expect our producers to provide a workplace where people feel safe and are treated with dignity and respect.  In a statement, Bloomberg said:  We are deeply disturbed to learn of these allegations and are immediately suspending the show from airing on Bloomberg TV. WHO KNEW? ROSE IS A SERIAL GROPER? Most of the women said Rose alternated between fury and flattery in his interactions with them,  the Post reported.  Five described Rose putting his hand on their legs, sometimes their upper thigh, in what they perceived as a test to gauge their reactions. Two said that while they were working for Rose at his residences or were traveling with him on business, he emerged from the shower and walked naked in front of them. One said he groped her buttocks at a staff party. ROSE ISSUES STATEMENT Rose addressed the allegations in a statement to the Post and to reporters following publication. He said:  In my 45 years in journalism, I have prided myself on being an advocate for the careers of the women with whom I have worked. Nevertheless, in the past few days, claims have been made about my behavior toward some former female colleagues. It is essential that these women know I hear them and that I deeply apologize for my inappropriate behavior. I am greatly embarrassed. I have behaved insensitively at times, and I accept responsibility for that, though I do not believe that all of these allegations are accurate. I always felt that I was pursuing shared feelings, even though I now realize I was mistaken.",0
9384,DIRTY POOL! FBI AND DOJ Just Affirmed They Spied On Trump WITHOUT Proving Dossier’s Authenticity,"How dirty is this? The powers-that-be at the intelligence agencies didn t follow the proper channels before opening up spying on the Trump campaign! They needed proof that the Trump dossier is authentic but never received that proof. They moved forward with the spying anyway! What dirty rats these Democrats are!FBI and Justice Department officials have told congressional investigators in recent days that they have not been able to verify or corroborate the substantive allegations of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign outlined in the Trump dossier.The FBI received the first installment of the dossier in July 2016. It received later installments as they were written at the height of the presidential campaign, which means the bureau has had more than a year to investigate the allegations in the document.The dossier was financed by the Hillary Clinton campaign and compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele.An August 24, 2017 subpoena from the House Intelligence Committee to the FBI and Justice Department asked for information on the bureau s efforts to validate the dossier. Specifically, the subpoena demanded  any documents, if they exist, that memorialize DOJ and/or FBI efforts to corroborate, validate, or evaluate information provided by Mr. Steele and/or sub-sources and/or contained in the  Trump Dossier. According to sources familiar with the matter, neither the FBI nor the Justice Department has provided documents in response to that part of the committee s subpoena. But in face-to-face briefings with congressional staff, according to those sources, FBI and DOJ officials have said they cannot verify the dossier s charges of a conspiracy between the Russian government and the Trump campaign.Read more: WE",0
9385,LIKE A BAD PENNY: OBAMAS CRASH Music Awards to Boast About Their Connection to Music Legend [Video],"THE OBAMAS ARE LIKE THE CLINTONS They just keep turning up like a bad penny. Who knows why they keep popping up everywhere but some say Michelle might run for POTUS in 2020 They must not have gotten the message in the 2016 election .GO AWAY! Note to Barack: STOP criticizing President Trump. You make yourself look like a bigger loser than you already are! It s not about you anymore!This appearance reminds us of the odd Oscars show when Michelle wore a new weave with bangs and a glam gown to give out the best picture award:Barack and Michelle Obama for some strange reason appeared at the 2017 American Music Awards, serving as a warm-up act for the winner of the life-time achievement award, Diana Ross:The Obamas discussed how important Ross s music is to them. When we heard Diana Ross was getting the lifetime achievement award, our first reaction was, she doesn t have it yet?  Obama said in a pre-taped appearance. Her artistry resonates with folks of every race, background, and walk of life,  Michelle Obama said. And today her voice is still as pure, her beauty is undeniable, and her showmanship is on point as back when she was a Supreme. WHY WE AWARDED HER THE PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM ???Obama said he and his wife s affinity for Ross is why he awarded her the presidential medal of freedom. We still listen to Diana around the house,  Obama said.  that s why we gave her the presidential medal of freedom last year. But, this is a big deal too. Diana Ross, we love you,  Michelle said, with her husband echoing: We love you much. ",0
9386,WATCH: JOY BEHAR of “THE VIEW” Calls Bill Clinton Rape and Sexual Assault Victims “Tramps” That “Slept With” Hillary’s Husband…Whoopi Says Hillary’s The “Victim”,"Last week, the mostly female audience of  The View  watched the panel of hypocritical, rabidly anti-Republican hosts attack Alabama s GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore for unproven sexual assault allegations. Only one year ago, however,  The View s  co-host Joy Behar, attacked the disgraced the mulitple sexual assault victims of former President Bill Clinton, calling them  tramps  who  slept with him .  Are the mostly female viewers really okay with the co-hosts of  The View  (who are completely devoid of any intellectual thought) dismissing the multiple allegations of sexual assault, including rape, by the impeached Democrat President Bill Clinton?  Is it really okay with their viewers that Whoopi Goldberg would refer to the wife of the alleged rapist, Hillary Clinton (who threatened his victims to remain silent about her husbands sex crimes, or pay serious consequences) a  victim ?  When do the women who watch The View say,  Enough with the hypocrisy! ? The female hosts of  The View  discussed the second debate the following day on their show.  During the discussion, host Joy Behar called the women who allegedly slept with Bill Clinton  tramps .Prior to the debate, Trump highlighted three women who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault or harassment.  The View  host Sunny Hostin suggested that Hillary Clinton may have missed an opportunity to address the controversy during the second presidential debate. This is the thing though  if a woman sleeps with your husband, you re not going to necessarily embrace them  That s why when he brought up these allegations, I wonder if she missed the opportunity to address it in a way that the public would understand  Hostin mused.Behar disagreed, joking that there wasn t much Hillary Clinton could say to the women.Behar suggested the Democratic nominee could say:  I would like to apologize to those tramps that have slept with my husband.  Maybe she could have said that.   Fox News.@WhoopiGoldberg reacts to Donald Trump inviting Bill Clinton s accusers to last night's #debate. https://t.co/wxW54okAF5  The View (@TheView) October 10, 2016Only today,  The View  hags attempted to defend Democrat Senator Al Franken s sexual assault accusations, suggesting that he shouldn t step down, while simultaneously suggesting that GOP Senate candidate, Roy Moore, should drop out of the Senate race in Alabama.Watch:SHOULD SEN. FRANKEN RESIGN? After a second woman accuses Sen. Al Franken of inappropriate touching, co-hosts discuss what should come next. pic.twitter.com/NoerTvzzCd  The View (@TheView) November 20, 2017 ",0
9387,BOOM! TRUMP TWEETS TO NFL’s Marshawn Lynch About His US Anthem Protest in Mexico,"It didn t take long for President Trump to tweet his displeasure to NFL player Marshawn Lynch for his protest against our national anthem last weekend. Lynch stood for the Mexican national anthem but sat out the US national anthem (see below)! What a jack wagon!President Trump tweeted: OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON MARSHAWN LYNCH: The NFL just keeps killing the goose that laid the golden egg First of all, they play in Mexico? Are they trying to cultivate fans there now? They might have more luck filling the stadiums.And we still have players kneeling during our national anthem They re killing any chance to redeem themselves, one game at a time.Idiotic Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch has pulled some stunts during this season but the one below takes the cake:Marshawn Lynch sits during the US national anthem, stands for Mexican anyhem pic.twitter.com/8wdaKprEki  Ben Volin (@BenVolin) November 19, 2017Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat during most of U.S. anthem and stood for the Mexican anthem before their game against the Patriots at Azteca Stadium in Mexico City.Mexican national anthem being sung on field at Estadio Azteca. And throughout the crowd. Marshawn Lynch rose for it. pic.twitter.com/Pz4GoEfyuw  Michael Gehlken (@GehlkenNFL) November 19, 2017Lynch has not stood for the national anthem since returning from retirement this season.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE ANTICS OF MARSHAWN LYNCH: NATIONAL ANTHEM KNEELER Marshawn Lynch Ejected From Raiders Game For Leaving Sideline to Attack Ref [Video]NFL anthem kneeler Marshawn Lynch ran onto the field to jump into a fight that broke out after a play. He attacked a ref on the field and was promptly ejected. Slow motion video below shows him attacking the ref after running onto the field. No respect!nickr83: Tensions flare in Oakland. #TNF #KCvsOAK CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City   https://t.co/DDAQV3HyiY pic.twitter.com/jvVsmiXBuu  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Here he is running onto the filed from the sideline:silverhunt: Beast mode!! CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City Chiefs at Oakland Raiders https://t.co/lMUBGz02dH pic.twitter.com/9Mahc5vHhd  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Lynch is tossed from the game after his embarrassing attack on a ref after running onto the field:nickr83: #BeastMode gets ejected. #TNF #KCvsOAK CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City Ch  https://t.co/GqTeMzXp7K pic.twitter.com/6D8ioiK7y6  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017OUR RECENT REPORT ON LYNCH: when we thought the NFL might return to focusing on playing football and that maybe, just maybe, the players would have time to reflect, and to understand the amazing gift they ve been given to be able to live in the greatest nation on earth along comes Marshawn Lynch Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat during the national anthem over the weekend, ahead of a Saturday preseason game against the Arizona Cardinals, the AP reports.The NFL player was photographed on top of an orange cooler with a banana in Glendale, Ariz.Last year, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sat and kneeled during the national anthem and protested police brutality.Lynch previously backed Kaepernick, telling comedian Conan O Brien in September 2016,  I d rather see him take a knee than stand up, put his hands up and get murdered. If you re really not racist then you won t see what he done, what he s doing, as a threat to America, but just addressing a problem that we have,  Lynch said at the time.Raiders coach Jack Del Rio says he didn t know about Lynch s plans ahead of the game, according to NFL.com. On Marshawn, talked to Marshawn trying to make sure we re on the same page,  the coach said.  He said,  This is something I ve done for 11 years. It s not a form of anything other than me being myself.  I said,  So you understand how I feel, I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem. But I m going to respect you as a man, you do your thing. We ll do ours.  It s a non-issue for me.  Via: Fox News",0
9388,LAVAR BALL: Here’s Why President Trump Was Under No Legal Obligation To Help Release Your Shoplifting Son From Chinese Prison,"Before Lavar Ball, the ungrateful father of accused criminal, and UCLA basketball player, LiAngelo Ball, goes off on a public rant about how unappreciative he for President Trump s help, when he interceded on behalf of his son and 2 other UCLA basketball players, who were caught shoplifting at a Louis Vuitton store in China, he may want to consider, that without the help of President Trump, his son could be sitting in a Chinese prison for the next 10 years.Lavar Ball might also want to consider that President Trump was under no obligation to ask President Xi to get involved in the public relations nightmare that took place while our President was a guest in China, to help negotiate their release, and here s why   Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers Law Newz   Our Tweeter-in-Chief lashed out on Twitter Sunday after Ball, a businessman, and ex-basketball player, downplayed POTUS  role in helping release son LiAngelo Ball from Chinese custody.Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017 I should have left them in jail,  Trump wrote. That s a hell of thing to tweet, and it grabbed a lot of attention. Outlets like Mediaite, The NY Times, Fox News, and ESPN were all over it. But as with many things in this administration, it s always helpful to review a president s role in situations like this.To recap, we have three Americans UCLA basketball players LiAngelo Ball, Jalen Hill and Cody Riley arrested by Chinese authorities for alleged shoplifting. Trump took credit for their return to the states, saying he asked the country s president Xi Jinping for help. Now we have that same president saying he should ve done nothing.What does it mean if provable spite motivated a president s decision to refrain from helping an American held in custody on foreign soil? Law&Crime reached out to Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman for his take on the matter and asked if such behavior, or something like it, could be impeachable. Not impeachable,  Feldman wrote in an email.  He was under no duty to help and no duty to be nice about it after the fact. ",0
9389,JUST IN: CLOSE FRIEND of Hillary Clinton Who Planned To “Step Away From Politics” Found DEAD In Apparent Suicide,"Houston, Texas trial lawyer and Democrat mega-donor Steve Mostyn died on Thursday in what authorities are saying was a  suicide,  according to the Houston Chronicle. Mr. Mostyn was only 46, he left behind a wife and several children, and earlier this year had announced that he was going to be stepping away from politics to spend more time with his family.Details about how Mr. Mostyn allegedly committed suicide are slim. However, his family said that it happened after he  suddenly  became afflicted with some sort of mental illness then took his own life, although they weren t clear as to what type of mental illness he suffered from.But it is worth noting that Mr. Mostyn had never suffered from mental illness in the past, according to his family, further raising suspicions over the manner in which he died.Mr. Mostyn was a progressive powerhouse who was heavily involved in politics throughout his career. He made his fortunes off of suing insurance companies after hurricanes ravaged his state, and used his wealth to fund numerous Democrat and progressive causes, including the Super PAC  Ready for Hillary,  which he and his wife co-founded with Susie Tompkins Buell, a radical environmentalist and member of George Soros s Democracy Alliance.Mr. Mostyn s wife, Amber, was also a member of the Democracy Alliance and a close friend of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was the keynote speaker at a 2010 Annie s List event honoring Amber. The Mostyns were close to the Clintons in general, having held numerous high-dollar fundraisers for Hillary s failed 2016 presidential run at their Houston home.Houston Chronicle  In 2012 alone, Mostyn donated $5.2 million to various pro-Democratic Super PACs ranging from Planned Parenthood to Texans for America s Future to Priorities USA Action, a pro-Barack Obama PAC, according to the Center for Public Integrity.In 2014, he and his wife donated approximately $3 million to Democratic candidates, including state Sen. Wendy Davis, who we running against Republican Greg Abbott. Davis lost. I am heartbroken,  Davis tweeted Thursday.  Texas has lost an extraordinary person. Steve was a committed and effective fighter for justice, a wonderful husband, father and friend. He leaves behind a lasting impact on everyone who s life he touched. Mostyn and his wife, Amber, were co-founders of the Ready for Hillary PAC, a political action committee supporting Clinton s unsuccessful campaign for president. At the same time, state campaign finance records show he also contributed to a police-affiliated PAC that supported Republican primary candidates.Mostyn also help fund the Texas Organizing Project and Battleground Texas, two Democratic comeback strategies for the party that has not won a statewide election in two decades. It s hard to really quantify the hole it leaves for progressives. He s probably the first true financial benefactor for progressives in Houston, and I say that because it s really different than supporting individual candidates the way trial lawyers have collectively in the past. He really supported the underlying causes, which is a different kind of take, and I m not sure that gets filled, certainly not immediately. Despite the Mostyns and the law firm s high-profile political activism   they contributed more than $1.8 million to Texas politicians in 2016   Mostyn told the Texas Tribune in a September interview that he was growing tired of almost single-handedly funding Democratic candidates in a state that was solidly Republican.He said he intended to downscale his political giving to Democrats in Texas elections to encourage others to step forward.  We ve asked other people to do it and they want to do it and I want other people to get credit for doing it,  the Tribune quoted him as saying.  I mean this is a giant, giant state, if we were trying to flip Vermont we d be done. However, their relationship came under stress in 2015, when ethics watchdog group Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT) filed a formal complaint against Hillary and her campaign for illegal coordination with the Ready for Hillary Super PAC, the Daily Caller reported. FACT has also asked the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to look into an April 21 meeting in which Clinton campaign aides attended a weekly meeting of Senate Democrats. FACT asserts that the meeting violates ruleThis wasn t the first time the Clinton and Mostyns found themselves being questioned over unethical practices. In 2010, Hillary Clinton s State Department pushed through a multi-billion dollar deal for Boeing in Russia, and just two months later the company gave nearly a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation.Just a short time later, Boeing s top lobbyist and former Bill Clinton aide Tim Keating partnered with Mr. Mostyn s Super PAC to do a joint fundraising venture for Hillary s planned presidential campaign.  America s Freedom FightersFrom FOX News   When Hillary Clinton was America s top diplomat, she also appeared at times like a top salesperson for America s biggest airplane maker, Boeing.Traveling abroad on official business as secretary of state, Clinton often visited Boeing facilities and made a pitch for the host country to buy Boeing jets. During one visit to Shanghai in May 2010, she boasted that  more than half the commercial jetliners operating in China are made by Boeing. A sales plug in Russia in 2009, though, may have proved especially fruitful. While touring a Boeing plant, Secretary of State Clinton said,  We re delighted that a new Russian airline, Rossiya, is actively considering acquisition of Boeing aircraft, and this is a shameless pitch. In 2010, Boeing landed the Russian deal, worth $3.7 billion. And two months later, the company donated $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation.This chain of events is raising new questions for Clinton, and Boeing, as the former secretary of state launches her 2016 presidential campaign. The Boeing deal only adds to a growing list of business deals involving Clinton Foundation donors now coming under scrutiny.Boeing shareholder David Almasi recently confronted CEO James McNerney about the ethics of it. That opens the door to charges of honest services fraud, that there was a quid pro quo between the Clinton Foundation, the State Department, and Boeing,  Almasi said.In prepared answers to questions posed to Boeing by Fox News, a spokesman defended the company s actions. Our contribution to the Clinton Foundation to help the people of Haiti rebuild was a transparent act of compassion and an investment aimed at aiding the long-term interests and hopes of the Haitian people,  the spokesman said. The company also pointed out that it gave the American Red Cross $1.3 million after the devastating 2010 earthquake.Clinton defenders say there is no smoking gun.  There s zero evidence that Hillary Clinton went to bat for Boeing for any reason other than to benefit the U.S. economy and U.S. workers,  said former Clinton/Gore adviser Richard Goldstein.But the financial connections don t end there. Boeing also paid former President Bill Clinton $250,000 for a speech in 2012. It was a speech that was approved by the State Department s Ethics Office   which according to an Associated Press report often approved the ex-president s speaking engagements within days.Here is a list of mysterious deaths tied to the Clinton s:1   James McDougal   Clinton s convicted Whitewater partner died of an apparent heart attack, while in solitary confinement. He was a key witness in Ken Starr s investigation.2   Mary Mahoney   A former White House intern was murdered July 1997 at a Starbucks Coffee Shop in Georgetown. The murder happened just after she was to go public with her story of sexual harassment in the White House.3   Vince Foster   Former white House counselor, and colleague of Hillary Clinton at Little Rock s Rose Law firm. Died of a gunshot wound to the head, ruled a suicide.4   Ron Brown   Secretary of Commerce and former DNC Chairman. Reported to have died by impact in a plane crash. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the top of Brown s skull resembling a gunshot wound. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated, and spoke publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecutors.5   C. Victor Raiser II and Montgomery Raiser, Major players in the Clinton fund raising organization died in a private plane crash in July 1992.6   Paul Tulley   Democratic National Committee Political Director found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock, September 1992  Described by Clinton as a  Dear friend and trusted advisor. 7- Ed Willey   Clinton fund raiser, found dead November 1993 deep in the woods in VA of a gunshot wound to the head. Ruled a suicide. Ed Willey died on the same day his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House. Ed Willey was involved in several Clinton fundraising events.8   Jerry Parks   Head of Clinton s gubernatorial security team in Little Rock. Gunned down in his car at a deserted intersection outside Little Rock. Park s son said his father was building a dossier on Clinton. He allegedly threatened to reveal this information. After he died the files were mysteriously removed from his house.9   James Bunch   Died from a gunshot suicide. It was reported that he had a  Black Book  of people which contained names of influential people who visited prostitutes in Texas and Arkansas.10   James Wilson   Was found dead in May 1993 from an apparent hanging suicide. He was reported to have ties to Whitewater.11- Kathy Ferguson, ex-wife of Arkansas Trooper Danny Ferguson, was found dead in May 1994, in her living room with a gunshot to her head. It was ruled a suicide even though there were several packed suitcases, as if she were going somewhere. Danny Ferguson was a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in the Paula Jones lawsuit. Kathy Ferguson was a possible corroborating witness for Paula Jones.12   Bill Shelton   Arkansas State Trooper and fiancee of Kathy Ferguson. Critical of the suicide ruling of his fiancee, he was found dead in June, 1994 of a gunshot wound also ruled a suicide at the grave site of his fiancee.13   Gandy Baugh   Attorney for Clinton s friend Dan Lassater, died by jumping out a window of a tall building January, 1994. His client was a convicted drug distributor.14   Florence Martin   Accountant & sub-contractor for the CIA, was related to the Barry Seal Mena Airport drug smuggling case. He died of three gunshot wounds.15   Suzanne Coleman   Reportedly had an affair with Clinton when he was Arkansas Attorney General. Died of a gunshot wound to the back of the head, ruled a suicide. Was pregnant at the time of her death.16   Paula Grober   Clinton s speech interpreter for the deaf from 1978 until her death December 9, 1992. She died in a one car accident.17   Danny Casolaro   Investigative reporter. Investigating Mena Airport and Arkansas Development Finance Authority. He slit his wrists, apparently, in the middle of his investigation.18   Paul Wilcher   Attorney investigating corruption at Mena Airport with Casolaro and the 1980  October Surprise  was found dead on a toilet June 22, 1993 in his Washington DC apartment. Had delivered a report to Janet Reno three weeks before his death19   Jon Parnell Walker   Whitewater investigator for Resolution Trust Corp. Jumped to his death from his Arlington, Virginia apartment balcony August15, 1993. He was investigating the Morgan Guarantee scandal.20   Barbara Wise   Commerce Department staffer. Worked closely with Ron Brown and John Huang. Cause of death unknown. Died November 29, 1996. Her bruised, nude body was found locked in her office at the Department of Commerce.21- Charles Meissner   Assistant Secretary of Commerce who gave John Huang special security clearance, died shortly thereafter in a small plane crash.22   Dr. Stanley Heard   Chairman of the National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee, died with his attorney Steve Dickson in a small plane crash. Dr. Heard, in addition to serving on Clinton s advisory council personally treated Clinton s mother, stepfather and brother.23   Barry Seal   Drug running pilot out of Mena, Arkansas, death was no accident.24   Johnny Lawhorn Jr.   Mechanic, found a check made out to Bill Clinton in the trunk of a car left at his repair shop. He was found dead after his car had hit a utility pole.25   Stanley Huggins   Investigated Madison Guarantee. His death was a purported suicide and his report was never released.26- Hershell Friday   Attorney and Clinton fund raiser died March 1, 1994 when his plane exploded.27   Kevin Ives and Don Henry   Known as  The boys on the track  case. Reports say the boys may have stumbled upon the Mena Arkansas airport drug operation. A controversial case, the initial report of death said, due to falling asleep on railroad tracks. Later reports claim the two boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks. Many linked to the case died before their testimony could come before a Grand Jury.THE FOLLOWING PERSONS HAD INFORMATION ON THE IVES/HENRY CASE:28   Keith Coney   Died when his motorcycle slammed into the back of a truck, July 1988.29   Keith McMaskle   Died stabbed 113 times, November  198830   Gregory Collins   Died from a gunshot wound January 1989.31   Jeff Rhodes   He was shot, mutilated and found burned in a trash dump in April 1989.33   James Milan   Found decapitated. However, the Coroner ruled his death was due to  natural causes. 34   Jordan Kettleson   Was found shot to death in the front seat of his pickup truck in June 1990.35   Richard Winters   A suspect in the Ives / Henry deaths. He was killed in a set-up robbery July 1989.THE FOLLOWING CLINTON BODYGUARDS ARE DEAD: 36   Major William S. Barkley Jr. 37   Captain Scott J. Reynolds 38   Sgt. Brian Hanley 39   Sgt. Tim Sabel 40   Major General William Robertson 41   Col. William Densberger 42   Col. Robert Kelly 43   Spec. Gary Rhodes 44   Steve Willis 45   Robert Williams 46   Conway LeBleu 47   Todd McKeehan48 -World-renowned  space economist  Molly Macauly was brutally murdered in Baltimore park.49-John Ashe- The former President of the UN General Assembly was awaiting trial on bribery charges when he turned up dead in June, apparently having crushed his own windpipe while lifting weights in his home 50-Victor Thorn-Prominent CLINTON Critic VICTOR THORN Found Dead Of Apparent Suicide On His Birthday51-Seth Rich-Still No Clues in Murder of DNC s Seth Rich, As Conspiracy Theories Thicken52- Joe Montano-Filipino American activist and aide to Sen. Kaine, dies at 4753-Shawn Lucas-Death of DNC Lawsuit Processor Shawn Lucas Adds to Seth Rich Conspiracy Theories54-Seth Rich-Family s private investigator: There is evidence Seth Rich had contact with WikiLeaks prior to death55-Klaus Eberwein Found Dead Before Testifying Against Clinton Foundation in HAITI COVERUP56-Man who sought Clinton s emails from Russian hackers committed suicideDoes anyone in the media wonder why everyone around the Clinton s seems to commit suicide, disappear or dies under mysterious circumstances? The Clintons are either the luckiest people in the world, or they are guilty of taking down an awful lot of people who could either rat them out or take them down. ",0
9390,POTUS MEETS WITH NCAA TEAMS…Then This Amazing Thing Happens [Video],"This is fantastic! President Trump met with all of the NCAA championship teams at the White House last week. It was all fun and games until this amazing moment happened  He didn t expect it but he was asked to pray with the Oklahoma Sooners team. Watch as President Trump doesn t hesitate to join in to pray. It s a very touching moment where you can see the player praying with the president and her team. The extended video below this one shows more of the moment the president prayed with the team   you can hear some of what was said at the 14:45 point.More video from the event qnd the moment of interaction and then prayer with the softball team at 14:45: Watch how personable and really warm President Trump is with the crowd.This is so heartwarming!FYI:Oklahoma softball will go for its third-consecutive national title in 2018 with most of its roster back from last season. The team gave POTUS a special glove:The glove that @OU_Softball will present to the president. pic.twitter.com/9pwKIlYitV  Kenny Mossman (@Kenny_Mossman) November 17, 2017President Trump met with the teams listed below:President Donald Trump will host a group of NCAA National Championship teams at this White House today. Here are the teams, per a WH official: pic.twitter.com/QcoNsR6vng  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) November 17, 2017",0
9391,HOW SO? CNN HOST Makes Claim President Trump Is ‘Race Baiting’ UCLA Player’s Ungrateful Dad In Hysterical Tweet [Video],"CNN anchor Brian Stelter went off on President Trump this afternoon for his tweet hitting back at the father of the UCLA player who was arrested in China for shoplifting. Fredricka Whitfield put on her best puzzled face and said to Stelter,  the way this President prioritizes is very confusing to a lot of people. Stelter noted how this time last year Trump was touting how  restrained  he would be on Twitter: If this is restrained, I can t imagine what it would look like if he were to be unrestrained. I mean, think about this. He s just recently let the NFL kneeling controversy start to subside, start to fade away, and now here he is calling out these players and the families again. I think it s immature at best, Fred, but it s really race-baiting at worst. That s gonna be debated, that s gonna be argued about, but I want to put that on the table: it sure looks like race-baiting to a lot of people. HOW THE HECK IS THIS RACE-BAITING? This is the same doofus who said President Trump s tweets about Puerto Rico were  dog whistles Why is it always racism with the left? Why?RACE BAITING? HOW IS THIS RACE BAITING?HERE S THE PRESIDENT S TWEET AND LAVAR BALL S COMMENT   HOW IN THE HECK IS THIS ANYTHING BUT THE TRUTH? Oh my gosh! This is awesome! President Trump tweeted back to the dad of the UCLA basketball player who was arrested while in China: Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!, Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017THE JAPANESE PM TWEETED BACK HIS SUPPORT:Great job Donald! I know firsthand that your negotiating skills are world-class! @realDonaldTrump  Shinzo Abe (@realShinzoAbe) November 19, 2017HERE S OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON WHAT THE DAD SAID: Send this kid back to China! The ungrateful attitude of the father of LiAngelo Ball is so classless. What s even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son s crime as no big deal:  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers And we wonder why we have little thugs who aren t remorseful for their crimes? The sense of entitlement stinks to high heaven! Bad parenting LaVar Ball! WHO? Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Trump s social media director, Dan Scavino, fired back at Ball on his personal Twitter account Saturday afternoon, saying Ball s son, LiAngelo,  would be in China for a long, long, long time  without the President s assistance. Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren t for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT,  Scavino wrote.LiAngelo Ball, along with two other players, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, were arrested last week on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. Trump had said he personally asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene in the case.On Wednesday, Trump issued a call for gratitude from the players on twitter. He did get a thanks for their release after his tweet.STICKY FINGERS NO BIG DEAL?Athletic Director Dan Guerrero confirmed the trio shoplifted from three stores near their hotel Monday night. The three were identified the next morning after police searched their bags and found the stolen items.LaVar Ball told ESPN he was happy to have his son back, and also seemed to downplay his alleged crime. As long as my boy s back here, I m fine,  he said.  I m happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him,  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. All three players have been suspended from the UCLA basketball team indefinitely.",0
9392,NFL ON LIFE SUPPORT? Pictures Of Empty Stadiums Paint Scary Picture For Future Of Cop-Protesting NFL,"Since the Colin Kaepernick and his fellow players started their Black Lives Matter kneeling campaign, social media has been lit up with photos of empty stadiums, proving that fans are not interested in supporting players who disrespect our flag and our law enforcement officers. The photos seem to suggest that every week more and more seats remain empty in NFL stadiums across America. Here s a look at a number of NFL stadiums today:Check out this photo of the Cleveland Browns stadium:Cleveland #NFL #Browns RT @middlebunns: @EmptySeatsPics #JAXvsCLE Opening kickoff pic.twitter.com/WjDTdfamD0  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) November 19, 2017The Lions games in neighboring Chicago are always very popular not so much today.Got a feeling there will be a lot of #Lions blue in the stands at Soldier Field the other color is the empty seats. #Bears are 3-6 pic.twitter.com/Et7LeQwG3n  Cheryl Raye Stout (@Crayestout) November 19, 2017Empty seats in the  smallest modern stadium in the NFL , Chicago s Soldier Field are a rare sight indeed, especially when the visiting team is right next door in Michigan.Bears v Lions. Opening kick off against a divisional opponent at the smallest modern stadium in the #NFLIt's empty (great shot of Trump Tower in the background though) #MAGA   pic.twitter.com/4xRoKknjMv  Buda (@labuda_robert) November 19, 2017The Minnesota Viking stadium looks like their hosting a local high school game instead of a professional football team.@Vikings sec345 row 6 seat 19. pic.twitter.com/DzThB1r26i  Peter Klages (@pakman75) November 19, 2017@Vikings section 101 row 22, seats 6-8 we d like to meet some legends pls thank you   pic.twitter.com/FAGvyr9rYq  Emily (@OhDagEmily) November 19, 2017You could ve shot a cannot through the NY Giants stadium today.The Unknown #Giants Fans. pic.twitter.com/sAyITREEwm  James Kratch (@JamesKratch) November 19, 2017Kickoff is just minutes away! WATCH #NYGiants Pregame Warmups presented by @Visa pic.twitter.com/dwsw5viPtI  New York Giants (@Giants) November 19, 2017Wow. I have never seen this many empty seats here before. John Mara must be thrilled. #GiantsPride. pic.twitter.com/G7Nw7g9Hlq  Kevin McCleerey (@KevinMcCleerey) November 19, 2017It almost looks like it s a practice day in Cleveland.I think you ll see this a lot. Squalls every 20 minutes or so. #JAXvsCLE #Jaguars pic.twitter.com/nLHxTxgHur  Brent Martineau (@BrentASJax) November 19, 2017Texans fans must have started their Christmas shopping early and decided to skip the game today.View from my seat for today's #Texans game. More empty seats than normal for the start of a game. pic.twitter.com/3PpxhtPJue  Ryan Kahrhoff (@xman30) November 19, 2017Lots of empty seats at NRG as they are about to toss the coin pic.twitter.com/PJvF07byVl  Kent Somers (@kentsomers) November 19, 2017you can really tell the orange is indeed oranger with all these empty seats pic.twitter.com/hgcDG2bUwJ  Jordan Zirm (@clevezirm) November 19, 2017The Miami stadium seats are mostly empty.NFL football with @bellavate! #TBvsMIA #HardRockStadium pic.twitter.com/iTzYbBnnFD  Kevin #Destiny2 PC (@ORIGINPCCEO) November 19, 2017",0
9393,LOL! DESPERATE KATHY GRIFFIN Makes Home Video To Complain About Not Getting Work After Trump Beheading Stunt…Takes Page From Hillary’s Playbook…Blames Everyone Else For End Of Her Career,"Wow! Poor Kathy Griffin The toxic  comedian  found herself facing a tsunami-sized backlash after she held a severed, and bloodied head of President Trump, during a comedy skit earlier in the year. And now, the former  funny girl  is telling anyone who will listen, that she s furious no one wants to hire her. Kathy Griffin starts her homemade 5-minute video by whining to viewers about all of the online  hate  by  trolls  that she s receiving. Griffin then goes on to trash the other  not funny  comedian Lena Dunham, who wrote about sexually assaulting her little sister, for defending a Hollywood actor who s been accused of sexually assaulting a female actress. Her comments that follow the Dunham remarks make no sense, although she seems to be attempting to make the point that the equally trashy liberal comedian, Lena Dunham, is still getting work, and how Griffin just doesn t think that it s fair. (After all, Dunham hates Trump as much as her right?)Griffin tells the camera that appears to be set up in her living room,  I just want you guys to know that I am fully in the middle of a blacklist like I m in the middle of a Hollywood blacklist. It is real. I m not booked on any talk shows. Griffen continued to whine about her lack of jobs,  I just want you guys to know, that when I get home, I do not have one single day of paid work in front of me, and the people who want me to go back and do clubs and do 10 minutes again I don t mean to be an asshole, but I m not gonna do that. I ve worked way too hard to go back and work for free, and do the club scene again because this is some bullshit. Because I ve been blacklisted.Griffin then goes on to tell her fellow Hollywood libs to stop sending her requests for donations to their fundraisers because she doesn t have any money. She goes on to explain that she s spent all of her money on lawyers because she believes in something. Griffin can t quite find a way to articulate what that something is, but she s apparently learned her lesson and has refrained from exposing her true obsession and desire, which was to destroy Donald Trump.Watch: ",0
9394,BOOM! TRUMP HITS BACK At UCLA Player’s Father For Dissing His Efforts To Get Son Released From China,"Oh my gosh! This is awesome! President Trump tweeted back to the dad of the UCLA basketball player who was arrested while in China: Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!, Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017THE JAPANESE PM TWEETED BACK HIS SUPPORT:Great job Donald! I know firsthand that your negotiating skills are world-class! @realDonaldTrump  Shinzo Abe (@realShinzoAbe) November 19, 2017HERE S OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON WHAT THE DAD SAID: Send this kid back to China! The ungrateful attitude of the father of LiAngelo Ball is so classless. What s even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son s crime as no big deal:  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers And we wonder why we have little thugs who aren t remorseful for their crimes? The sense of entitlement stinks to high heaven! Bad parenting LaVar Ball! WHO? Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Trump s social media director, Dan Scavino, fired back at Ball on his personal Twitter account Saturday afternoon, saying Ball s son, LiAngelo,  would be in China for a long, long, long time  without the President s assistance. Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren t for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT,  Scavino wrote.LiAngelo Ball, along with two other players, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, were arrested last week on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. Trump had said he personally asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene in the case.On Wednesday, Trump issued a call for gratitude from the players on twitter. He did get a thanks for their release after his tweet.STICKY FINGERS NO BIG DEAL?Athletic Director Dan Guerrero confirmed the trio shoplifted from three stores near their hotel Monday night. The three were identified the next morning after police searched their bags and found the stolen items.LaVar Ball told ESPN he was happy to have his son back, and also seemed to downplay his alleged crime. As long as my boy s back here, I m fine,  he said.  I m happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him,  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. All three players have been suspended from the UCLA basketball team indefinitely.",0
9395,UCLA PLAYER’S FATHER Disses Trump On China Release…Downplays His Son’s Crime: ‘I’ve seen a lot worse’,"Send this kid back to China! The ungrateful attitude of the father of LiAngelo Ball is so classless. What s even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son s crime as no big deal:  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers And we wonder why we have little thugs who aren t remorseful for their crimes? The sense of entitlement stinks to high heaven! Bad parenting LaVar Ball! WHO? Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Trump s social media director, Dan Scavino, fired back at Ball on his personal Twitter account Saturday afternoon, saying Ball s son, LiAngelo,  would be in China for a long, long, long time  without the President s assistance. Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren t for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT,  Scavino wrote.LiAngelo Ball, along with two other players, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, were arrested last week on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. Trump had said he personally asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene in the case.On Wednesday, Trump issued a call for gratitude from the players on twitter. He did get a thanks for their release after his tweet.STICKY FINGERS NO BIG DEAL?Athletic Director Dan Guerrero confirmed the trio shoplifted from three stores near their hotel Monday night. The three were identified the next morning after police searched their bags and found the stolen items.LaVar Ball told ESPN he was happy to have his son back, and also seemed to downplay his alleged crime. As long as my boy s back here, I m fine,  he said.  I m happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him,  They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. All three players have been suspended from the UCLA basketball team indefinitely.",0
9396,HYSTERICAL! BERNIE SANDERS On Why ‘Very Popular’ Al Franken Shouldn’t Resign Is Classic [Video],"Double standards everywhere!  Socialist Bernie Sanders was asked whether Senator Al Franken should step down following an accusation of sexual misconduct. Bernie replied that,  Al is a very popular senator . He totally dodges a yes or no answer what a hypocrite! Notice how he goes on with the Dem talking points on women and how they aren t treated well in the workplace While Democrats cry out for Roy Moore to step down, they obviously have a double standard when it comes to their own CNN s Jake Tapper asked about the  Franken scandal on  State Of The Union. PROOF OF GROPING WITH FRANKEN BUT ZERO PROOF WITH MOORE:A Los Angeles-based radio anchor wrote Franken aggressively kissed her without consent during a USO tour in 2006, and she also published a photo of Franken apparently groping her breasts while she slept. Franken apologized, and he said he would cooperate with an ethics investigation. I think that s a decision for Al Franken and the people of the state of Minnesota,  Sanders said.  My understanding is that Al is a very popular senator. People in Minnesota think that he is doing a good job, and his political future will rest with the people of Minnesota. SO IS BERNIE SANDERS SUGGESTING FRANKEN SHOULD STAY BECAUSE HE S POPULAR?So socialist Bernie Sanders believes all is equal unless it comes down to Republican vs. Democrat? Roy Moore is very  popular  in Alabama and nothing has been proven against him .NOTHING!There is proof with Franken BUT he s popular soooooo he gets a pass for being a groper?Double Standards, Double Standards Everywhere!READ MORE: WFB",0
9397,WATCH: Colin Kaepernick’s Worst Nightmare [Video],"You might remember this bright moment from when Obama was president A couple of years ago, 500 high school choir students sang the Star-Spangled Banner in the 18-story atrium of a Hyatt hotel in Louisville as part of the Kentucky Music Educators Convention. Any anti-anthem liberals in the building probably ran out screaming into the night:Good thing Louisville doesn t have an NFL team. If there had been a visiting team in the building, some of the players would have had to put their helmets on to keep their skulls from exploding.REMEMBER WHEN OBAMA SUPPORTED KAEPERNICK S ANTI-ANTHEM PROTEST? OBAMA DEFENDS KAEPERNICK S Decision to Disrespect American Flag:  He s generated more interest in something that needs to be talked about When Obama had the opportunity to speak out against 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick s disrespect for our flag, he chose instead to defend his actions, explaining that it was okay for him to sit out the national anthem, as long as he was bringing attention to the cop-hating/killing, divisive Black Lives Matter terror group President Obama said San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is  exercising his constitutional right  to sit out the national anthem, but the president acknowledged that the silent protest is a  tough thing  for military service members to accept.At a news conference in China on Monday, the president said he did not doubt Kaepernick s sincerity in his decision not to stand for the anthem ahead of games to protest the treatment of African Americans by law enforcement in U.S. cities. Obama noted a  long history  of sports figures protesting political or social issues. There are a lot of ways you can do it,  Obama said after the G-20 summit here.  As a general matter when it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us   that is a tough thing for them to get past to then hear what his deeper concerns are. But I don t doubt his sincerity. I think he cares about some real, legitimate issues that have to be talked about. If nothing else, he s generated more conversation about issues that have to be talked about. Obama said he has not closely followed the controversy surrounding Kaepernick s actions while he has been overseas, but he said he was aware of the public response, which has been sharply divided. The president has sought to balance his own response to the unrest and mistrust between African Americans and police officers over the past several years, including in Baton Rouge and Dallas this year. You ve heard me talk in the past about the need for us to have an active citizenry,  Obama said.  Sometimes that s messy and controversial and gets people angry and frustrated. But I d rather have young people that are engaged in the argument and trying to think through how they can be part of our democratic process than people just sitting on the sidelines not participating at all. My suspicion is that over time he s going to refine how he thinks about it. Maybe some of his critics will start seeing that he had a point about concerns about justice and equality. That s how we move forward.    Washington Post ",0
9398,LOL! TRUMP TWEETS Hilarious Message To #CrookedHillary…Suggests She Gives It “Another Try” In 2020,"President Trump on Saturday criticized Hillary Clinton, the Democrat he defeated in the 2016 White House race, for her recent and repeated questioning of the election results. Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time,  Trump tweeted.  She just can t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years! Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2017The Republican president was likely responding to a Mother Jones interview published Friday in which Clinton questioned last year s election results, amid evidence that Russia tried to influence the race outcome. She called for an independent commission to investigate the matter.Clinton, in the interview, also alleged voter suppression in the 2016 race, saying,  In a couple of places, most notably Wisconsin, I think it had a dramatic impact on the outcome.   FOX NewsIn case America has forgotten why Donal Trump trounced Hillary in the polls, watch the short clip from their second presidential debate below:The very sick Hillary Clinton barely made it through to the November election without needing a stretcher, while running her very lackadaisical 2016 presidential campaign. It would be very interesting to see Hillary attempt a comeback 4 years later.Watch, as Hillary collapes while attempting to enter her van after leaving a 9-11 memorial service early, reportedly because she was suffering a mysterious medical situation that required her to leave during the ceremony. At first, her campaign said she was suffering from heat exaustion, after the American public refused to buy their excuse,  the campaign then said she had pnuemonia. After several weeks of watching her being propped up and carried around by the arm like a candidate who has one foot on a banana peel and the other in her grave, following her 9-11  incident , we re definitely not buying it.This IS NOT heat related. #HillarysHealth pic.twitter.com/PFNfCEVFrV  John Cardillo (@johncardillo) September 11, 2016And then, there is the long list of crimes committed by Hillary, that she has yet to be prosecuted for.The list of Hillary s crimes continues to grow, even after the election. Just before the 2016 presidential election, Breitbart put together a list of a few of the most well-documented crimes and national security nightmares that are in her resume. Here is the list:Clinton is promising expanded numbers of Syrian refugees brought to the United States, despite the fact that 99.1% of the 13,210 refugees admitted to the US in 2016 are Muslim and the FBI has said there is no way to adequately vet them for terrorist connections and sympathies.Our true national scandal is not that Clinton has so far escaped indictment, it is that so many of our civic and political institutions have been corrupted by a misguided loyalty to the Clinton crime syndicate.From the board rooms of Wall Street to the editorial boards of local newspapers and the town halls of the League of Women Voters, the defense of the  progressive cause  has come down to defending the indefensible  pay-for-play cronyism, open borders and national security breaches on a global scale.A full chronicle of Hillary Clinton s crimes will someday fill a large shelf of books, if not a whole library.There could be no better news for President Donald Trump in 2020, than the announcement that Hillary was going to throw her hat in the ring for the third time. Bring it Hillary America can t wait! ",0
9399,LOL! SARAH PALIN Has EPIC Response When MSNBC Reporter Asks If She’s Ever Been Sexually Assaulted,"MSNBC reporter Kasie Hunt began her segment on sexual harassment in Washington by telling the show s viewers,  Funnily enough, I caught up in the basement of the capitol today with Alaska Governor Sarah Palin today. Funnily enough?  Isn t this the same network who spent an excessive amount time criticizing Sarah Palin s grammar?Hunt asked Palin, who endorsed the embattled Roy Moore in the Alabama GOP primary race, to share her thoughts on sexual harassment with their viewers. Palin told Hunt, It s not a partisan issue, so when we see this happening today, I think that it leads to a lot of questions about what standards are going to be applied to whom. WFB  Hunt followed up by asking Palin whether she has ever experienced sexual harassment in the workplace as an  ambitious woman  in public life. I think a whole lot of people know that I m probably packing, and so I don t think there s a whole lot of people who would necessarily mess with me,  said Palin, a vocal advocate of the Second Amendment.  I don t mean to be lighthearted; this is a serious issue. WATCH:Sara Palin on sexual harassment: ""I think a whole lot of people probably know I'm probably packing so I don't think there's a whole lot of people who would necessarily mess with me."" pic.twitter.com/WqORpJ594P  MSNBC (@MSNBC) November 16, 2017 It really stinks for women in the workplace that for too long, men have thought they can get away with kind of being that old-school thinking that it s OK to belittle and harass women,  Palin continued.Palin s comments about sexual harassment came hours after Democratic Sen. Al Franken (Minn.) was accused of groping and kissing KABC anchor Leeann Tweeden without her consent during a rehearsal for a skit for troops during a USO tour in the Middle East in 2006. The floodgates are really open right now,  Palin said.  That could lead to a lot of false accusations that really harm an innocent person. Palin s comments about false accusations may have been a reference to the sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore.Palin endorsed Moore in the Republican primary against Luther Strange a few months ago.",0
9400,CROOKED DEMOCRAT Congresswoman Corrine Brown Found GUILTY of STEALING Scholarship Money From Children…Blames RACISM For Verdict,"Celebrated Congressional Black Caucus member, and  legend  Corrine Brown would like Americans to believe that stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from underpriveleged children in her district, and using the money to vacation with her daughter, is not the reason she s been found guilty of 18 counts of fraud and corruption, it s because she is black. Washington Examiner   She partied with Nancy Pelosi, traveled on Air Force one next to President Obama, and cast her superdelegate vote for Hillary Clinton. But on February 9, 2017, Corrine Brown was in federal court for stealing scholarship money from school children.The disgraced congresswoman attempted to defend against charges that she funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars from a non-profit charity, One Door for Education, into her own pocket.After her former chief of staff testified against her, the question was no longer whether or not she s guilty. It s why Democrat brass would continually cozy up to a congresswoman who was so clearly corrupt?From the beginning, Brown s been shrouded in controversy. Shortly after she won election in 1992, the Federal Election Commission accused Brown of violating numerous campaign finance laws. Most notably, she accepted donations from foreign citizens and failed to report the use of a corporate plane. And that s just the tip of the ethical iceberg.A convenient rap sheet, put together last July by the Florida Times-Union, documents every allegation of wrongdoing brought against Brown during her 27-year career. Hollywood couldn t have better scripted some of the highlights.In 1998, Brown cashed a $10,000 check from Rev. Henry Lyons, the disgraced president of the National Baptist Convention who spent five years in federal prison for fraud. The congresswoman said tthat she used the unreported money to bus her supporters to an event.In 2000, Brown battled back a House Ethics investigation into her efforts to free imprisoned West African millionaire Foutanga Dit Babani Sissoko from federal prison. She appealed to Attorney General Janet Reno for help, asking her to spring Sissoko from prison. Though unsuccessful, Brown received a new Lexus worth $50,000 for her trouble.And in 2008, Brown took heat from the mayor of Jacksonville after she had sandbags delivered by the city to protect her home from Tropical Storm Fay. The congresswoman eventually pledged to pay the city $886.But none of this dissuaded Democrats from palling around the Florida woman. It s mind boggling that Brown not only fundraised with the president but also enjoyed prominent perches on the Transportation and Veteran Affairs Committees.First Coast News   On Thursday, November 16, 2017, the former Jacksonville area Congresswoman Corrine Brown took the stand, and plead for mercy from federal judge Timothy Corrigan. I am sorry you have to be here today to see me in this situation,  Brown said in her statement to the court.  I never imagined I would one day be in court asking people to speak on my behalf   never. In hindsight, I wished I had been more diligent in overseeing my personal and professional life The idea that some people could believe these charges hurt me because it runs contrary to everything I ve ever believed and done in my life. I hope and pray these proceedings to don t make them [ordinary people] lose faith in the system. I humbly ask for mercy and compassion. Brown was convicted on 18 counts of fraud and corruption in May.The lead prosecutor in the sentencing hearing argued Thursday that the former congresswoman should be sentenced to about 7.5 to 9 years in federal prison. Her defense attorney is seeking probation and community service.Brown s defense attorney James Smith objected to various aspects of the sentencing recommendations, including how much money Brown should be culpable for.Prosecutor Duva asked the court,  What accountability does the law require?  during his presentation.Duva said Brown was accustomed to receiving money she should not have received. She also lied about donations to colleges, churches and other entities.He also argued that Brown has made ludicrous comments during the investigation, including a comment where she essentially said that had investigators not been looking into her case, the Pulse shooting in Orlando would never have happened. She also referred to the charges as  bogus  and  racist,  implying that she was targeted for her race in the case.Duva objected to that notion by saying,  She was targeted because she committed fraud, not because she was black or white. Corrine Brown had several witnesses come forward Thursday in support of her through witness testimony during the sentencing hearing.Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee provided a glowing character witness of Corrine Brown during her sentencing hearing Thursday.Jackson Lee described via telephone testimony it as her  privilege  to characterize Corrine Brown as a  loving person. She said Brown has had a  pointed and direct effort [in] helping others, not herself. The veterans  community loved Congresswoman Brown, Jackson Lee said, stating that Brown has helped those with PTSD and other issues following fighting overseas. She also stated Brown helped tremendously with relief efforts during Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans. That shows a character of giving to others unselfishly,  Jackson Lee said.Additional arguments by defense attorneyThe defense attorney belabored the point that they are against the notion that Brown abused a position of trust, which is established by the evidence presented in the trial.Smith explained the definition of obstruction of justice, which Brown is accused of doing while taking the stand by the prosecutor, stating that it is the  intention or deliberate effort while on the stand to make material falsehoods. The judge wasn t so sure and asked the defense attorney to elaborate.Smith appeared to get emotional after posing two questions:  What type of sentence does justice require in this case?  and  How do you sentence someone who is a legend? He attributes some of her actions to the progress our country has made in terms of relations for black people.Smith said he met with an Orlando attorney who was from Jacksonville and said the attorney described Brown as  our Martin Luther King  for black Jacksonville natives. None of those people had to push the boulder up the mountain like she did,  said Smith, referring to others in Congress.  She truly is a legend. There are a lot of moving parts in the case against Corrine Brown and her co-conspirators.Carla Wiley first became involved in the fraud scheme when she started dating Ronnie Simmons.She was president of a charity called One Door for Education, which was never actually registered as a 501(c)(3).The fake charity received more than $800,000 in four years, with about only $1,200 of it actually going to scholarships for students. That money is now gone.Simmons was dating Wiley when he told her he needed a nonprofit to financially back a reception for congresswoman Brown in 2012. Wiley offered One Door for Education as an option for that reception.The charity claimed to give scholarships to poor and underprivileged children seeking the become teachers.Lead prosecutor A. Tysen Duva argued during the trial that Ronnie Simmons worked under Brown and did her bidding by taking out $800 a day from the One Door for Education bank account and depositing it into Brown s personal bank account. He did this numerous times, according to Duva and evidence released earlier this month.The fake charity was essentially used as a slush fund for Corrine Brown s travels, expenses and shopping, according to the prosecutors.She used the money put in her bank account to go to Nassau, Bahamas with her daughter, fly to Beverly Hills and shop along Rodeo Drive, and attend a Beyonc  concert, according to court documents and previous reports by First Coast News.The prosecutors also argued that Brown committed wire fraud, mail fraud and stole money from the government after she lied on tax documents.Brown had friends in high places, such as former CSX CEO Mike Ward. She would ask them for donation to Open Door for Education and many of them gladly donated, according to previous reports and prosecutor testimony.Ward, for instance, contributed $35,000 to One Door for Education after learning that the money would go toward providing students with iPads for learning.Prosecutors also argued that Brown lied about and inflated what she gave in tithes to various churches. The churches came forward in the trial and said the donations claimed to be given by Brown did not match their records, to which Brown said she sometimes gave anonymous donations.Other legitimate scholarship organizations came forward and said they had never received funds from Brown s charity.Meanwhile, Brown s tax returns claimed she contributed as much as $30,000   20 percent to a third of her income, to various charities.",0
9401,"WHOA! Is RINO Senator Mitch McConnell Behind Roy Moore “Hit Job”?…”I strongly, strongly suspect somebody out of the McConnell camp planted the story”","From the Washington Examiner   Roy Moore is the embattled Republican senatorial nominee in Alabama, but two other figures in the party have even more to lose in his race: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.First, the obvious. If Moore is beaten by Democrat Doug Jones   a leaked National Republican Senatorial Committee poll has the socially conservative retired judge trailing Jones by 12 points, but this is at odds with public polling   McConnell will be knocked down to leading a 51-49 Republican Senate.That may not seem like much in a Senate that has no meaningful filibuster for executive and judicial appointments, but where 52 votes are no more useful for advancing legislation that can t be snuck through the reconciliation process. It is nevertheless significant given that the Senate has already had trouble passing major legislation like Obamacare repeal and tax reform with the majority it currently has.It also would bring the Democrats one vote closer to recapturing the Senate majority, despite a very daunting electoral map for the upper chamber in 2018. Winning such a reliably red state would aid Democratic candidate recruitment across the board and embolden the party s ten senators from states President Trump carried who are up for re-election next year.Superficially speaking, McConnell comes out a loser if Moore is defeated. But not in the bigger picture. The Dec. 12 special Senate election in Alabama could also be viewed as a front in the proxy war between McConnell and Bannon.After leaving the White House, Bannon threatened to recruit primary challengers for most of the incumbent Republican senators who are seeking re-election in 2018. At a joint press conference with Trump in the Rose Garden, McConnell didn t mince words about how he felt about this gambit. Look, you know, the goal here is to win elections in November,  McConnell said last month.  Back in 2010 and 2012, we nominated several candidates   Christine O Donnell, Sharron Angle, Todd Akin, Richard Mourdock. They re not in the Senate. And the reason for that was that they were not able to appeal to a broader electorate in the general election. My goal as the leader of the Republican Party in the Senate is to keep us in the majority,  he added.  The way you do that is not complicated. You have to have nominated people who can actually win, because winners make policy and losers go home. Bannon wants more Republican senators who will vote against McConnell. McConnell and his allies believe the Breitbart News chief s intervention in the primaries could lead to fewer Republican senators overall, so they have started punching back.In September s Alabama Republican primary, McConnell went all in on appointed incumbent Sen. Luther Strange and lost, despite the president s backing. Bannon made the argument that the candidate Trump endorsed wasn t the one who would be most supportive of the Trump agenda. For that, he insisted, you needed an anti-establishment candidate like Moore. Bannon, via Moore, won.Both men might have been better off with Rep. Mo Brooks, who was eliminated in the first round of voting. Brooks was big on the Trump agenda and did not have all the weird sexual baggage that could wind up dooming Moore. Bannon allies told the Washington Examiner that the former top Trump strategist might have preferred Brooks.Yet McConnell s political apparatus spent heavily against Moore to protect Strange, a sitting senator who struggled from the local perception he secured his seat through some kind of corrupt bargain with disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley. And Bannon couldn t very well throw his weight behind a candidate who, despite being ideologically Trumpist, endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, over Trump in the 2016 primaries   especially while still serving in the West Wing.Freed from the White House, Bannon backed Moore less because the  Ten Commandments judge  had any particular affinity for the issues that Trump ran on last year and more because Alabama s political conditions made him likely to beat Strange. Moore would owe McConnell and the establishment nothing, but Bannon would have chits to cash in and an improved reputation as a kingmaker inside the GOP.If Moore loses in a disastrous fashion (and remember it is courting disaster for this race to even be competitive; in 2014, Jeff Sessions had no Democratic challenger and won over 97 percent of the vote), it will prove McConnell s point about the futility of Bannon s enterprise before the Senate majority is ever really at risk.Breitbart   American Majority founder Ned Ryun talked about Roy Moore and the Alabama Senate race with Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon and SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday s Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live from the Restoration Weekend event.Bannon asked Ryun about celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred s involvement in the Roy Moore case, representing a woman who accuses Moore of assaulting her in 1977 when she was 16 years old.Ryan said Allred is  basically a human vulture when you look back at some of the things she s been involved in.Watch lawyer Gloria Allred, as she skirts the issue of whether or not the high school yearbook being used to prove a relationship between Judge Roy Moore and one of his accusers is a forgery:Watch forgery expert make case that Gloria Allred s client is lying about Roy Moore s signature: Remember the incident with Arnold Schwarzenegger?  Ryun asked.  She brought all these women in front of him, said they re going to sue, they re going to file suit against Schwarzenegger. Guess what? After the election, absolutely nothing happened. I think a real turning point was that press conference when they pulled out the yearbook and the signature,  he said of Allred s entry into the Moore controversy, referring to an interview with MSNBC s Katy Tur where Allred did not come off well.Ryun said this interview demonstrated that the best way to respond to sensational allegations is to  just throw facts back at them. Ryun said there was no doubt in his mind that the allegations against Moore were part of an  organized hit,  as Bannon put it. I ve been in D.C. almost 20 years. And, again, I don t have hard proof, and I will say this clearly: I do not have hard proof, but I strongly suspect it s a very short list of people, all who are associated with Mitch McConnell   whether it s Josh Holmes, whether it s Karl Rove, might even be Steven Law   I don t know, but I strongly, strongly suspect somebody out of the McConnell camp planted the story. It was planted. This came with the blessing of Mitch McConnell at some point, that he was going to take a political shot at Roy Moore,  he declared. ",0
9402,‘ENABLING HILLARY’ Creates Insane Reason to Praise Serial Groper Al Franken…Bashes Trump and Moore," ENABLING HILLARY  came to Senator Al Franken s defense on Friday during an interview for her new book, saying he should be praised for his  accountability  and willingness to apologize. The problem with this is that Franken really HAD TO apologize because he was caught red-handed. A picture of him groping a woman was evidence he made sexual groping a thing in his life.Clinton is clearly trying to play politics with this and uses it in a way that s really dirty. We know Franken is guilty Roy Moore and Donald Trump had no women prove they did anything wrong yet Clinton tries to throw President Trump and Judge Roy Moore under the bus: Speaking to WABC Radio s Rita Cosby, the former Secretary of State instead pointed the finger at President Trump and embattled GOP Senate nominee Roy Moore   claiming they should be viewed as the real predators, and not Franken:WHAT IS THIS WOMAN SMOKING: Look at the contrast between Al Franken, accepting responsibility, apologizing, and Roy Moore and Donald Trump who have done neither. That is the kind of accountability I m talking about. I don t hear that from Roy Moore or Donald Trump. A former Playboy Playmate came forward this week and accused Franken, a Democrat from Minnesota, of groping her while the two were on a USO tour in 2006. The senator offered his  sincerest apologies  on Thursday, saying he was just trying to be funny.Franken has inevitably drawn comparisons to Moore and Trump, both of whom have been accused of sexual misconduct.ALLEGATIONSWhile the president has been hit with sexual harassment allegations by numerous women in the past, Moore was only recently accused by his alleged victims in the fallout from the Harvey Weinstein scandal. BLASTING TRUMP AND MOORE The 70-year-old politician seemed to focus most of her energy on blasting Trump and Moore with these nasty and bitter comments to Cosby: Trump has disgraced the office,  she said, prompting Rita to ask whether the president had done anything in the last few months that impressed her. No. The answer is absolutely no, Rita I didn t think he d be as bad as he turned out to be. WHAT A BITTER WOMAN!Read more: NYP",0
9403,MUST READ: I’m Still Trying To Figure Out How Hillary Lost The Election…,"Once you ve read this list, you re going to want to share this with everyone you know! Was it the Russian Uranium Deal? Was it Wikileaks? Was it Podesta? Was it Comey? Was it having a sexual predator as a husband? Was it Huma Abedin s sexual predator husband Anthony Weiner? Was it because the Clinton Foundation ripped off Haiti? Was it subpoena violations? Was it the congressional testimony lies? Was it the corrupt Clinton Foundation? Was it the Benghazi butchering? Was it pay for play?Was it being recorded laughing because she got a child rapist off when she was an attorney? Was it the Travel Gate scandal? Was it the Whitewater scandal? Was it the Cattle Gate scandal? Was it the Trooper-Gate scandal? OR . Was it the $15 million for Chelsea s apartment bought with foundation money? Or her husband s interference with Loretta Lynch & the investigation? Or having debate questions stolen & given to her? Or her own secret server in her house? Or deleting 30,000 emails? Or having cell phones destroyed with hammers? Was it the Seth Rich murder?Was it the Vince Foster murder? Was it the Gennifer Flowers assault & settlement? Was it the $800,000 Paula Jones settlement? Was it calling half the United States deplorable? Was it the underhanded treatment of Bernie Sanders?Was it Bill s impeachment? Was it the lie about being under sniper fire in Bosnia?Was it the $10 million she took for the pardon of Marc Rich? Or the $6 BILLION she  lost  when in charge of the State Dept.? Or because she is a hateful, lying, power-hungry, overly ambitious, greedy, nasty person? Gee I just can t seem to put my finger on it -Author unknown",0
9404,ZING! Sarah Sanders Slices and Dices Hack Reporter With Awesome One-Liner [Video],"You d think reporters would learn to ask questions on policy but they obviously still want to challenge Sarah Sanders with trash talk about President Trump. April Ryan should know! She s had many run-ins with Sanders that never end well for her. The one below is no exception:Sure, April Ryan just happened to be chatting with Hillary Clinton yesterday April Ryan: I was talking to Hillary Clinton today about the president s past and she said,  Look I worry about everything from his past because it tells you how he behaves in the present and the future.  What do you say to that as it relates to these allegations of the president?And then this from Sarah:   I think Hillary Clinton probably should have dealt with some of her own issues before addressing this president.BOOM!ONE OF OUR PREVIOUS ZINGERS FROM SARAH SANDERS TO APRIL RYAN:Sarah Huckabee Sanders shut down White House reporter April Ryan during a press conference today. She said that the San Juan mayor made  zero comments  when President Donald Trump opened the table for discussion during his visit to Puerto Rico. The fake news claimed Trump didn t call on her to speak when in reality it was an open discussion that Mayor Cruz could have participated in.When Mayor Cruz joined Joy Reid on the  The Rachel Maddow show  Tuesday night. She called Trump s actions during his visit  terrible and abominable,  and criticized the round table discussion as a  PR 17-minute meeting. Huckabee Sanders responded to Ryan s question by saying the visit was not  controversial  and was in fact  widely praised, even by a Democrat Governor. She argued the Mayor of San Juan was  politicizing  the visit rather than  focusing on the relief efforts. I think that it is sad that the Mayor of San Juan chose to make that a political statement instead of a time of focusing on the relief efforts. The president invited her to be part of that conversation. He specifically asked in the meeting where many were present, including a couple dozen other mayors who were very happy with the recovery effort, the governor, the congresswoman   he opened the floor up for discussion and she actually made zero comments. The press secretary then suggested the round table discussion was her time to  weigh in and ask for what she needed  for San Juan. To me, that would have been the time and the place that she should have weighed in and asked for what she needed and laid out what she was asking for, for San Juan. She didn t,  Huckabee Sanders said.Huckabee Sanders concluded with a word of advice for the mayor. Instead, she chose to wait until the president left, and then criticized him on TV. Which I think is the wrong thing for her to do for her constituents, and I hope the next time she is given the opportunity to help her constituents, she ll take it,  she said.",0
9405,WOW! IS MEGHAN MCCAIN FINISHED With The Hateful Hags of “The View” After Today’s Blow Up With Joy Behar? [VIDEO],"It s pretty common knowledge for anyone s who s tortured themselves by watching The View, that it s really nothing more than a liberal, think-tank for dummies with too much time on their hands. Only one month ago, Meghan McCain left her job at Fox News as a co-host on  The Five  to plant herself at the end of the table, where anywhere between 4-6 angry women spend one-hour every weekday telling their viewers why they re angry, and why they hate President Trump and anyone who supports him. Thankfully for Meghan, she s the daughter of RINO Senator John McCain, one of the angriest men in politics, so she knows a thing or two about how to handle angry, and irrational people, who are driven by hate, and inspired by their desire to seek revenge. She also knows that her position at the end of the table (where the token  conservatives  are seated on The View), was likely offered to her because she was already on the anti-Trump train and didn t need any coaching.Every day, it becomes more and more obvious to the viewers that the pressure cooker relationship between unhinged co-hosts, Joy Behar and Sunny Hostin, and their hated opponent Meghan McCain won t last. If I was a betting woman, I d bet McCain is packing up her dressing room and heading back to Fox for another attempt at more intellectual discourse and meaningful dialogue by the end of this year.Watch [Fireworks start at about the 3:30-minute mark]: There s a lot of Democrats asking for [Franken] to step down if you can believe it I don t just watch Fox,  McCain said, looking at Behar.  Fox is sex harassment central,  Behar interrupted. You know what. That s so cheap. I m trying to talk about the fact that I watch other networks and people in your party are calling for the stepping down of Al Franken because of this investigation being a distraction,  a frustrated McCain shot back.Whoopi attempted to interject, before losing her words and simply exclaiming,  Well, shoot. I was responding to Joy. I just don t think that saying Fox is X, I know, I used to work there,  McCain continued.  We re talking about the present. This is what s exhausting about this conversation. I totally agree with you that it s absolutely disgusting at this point that we re still having conversations about Roy Moore. He should step down. but right now we re talking about another senator. We re also talking about hypocrisy, which is what provoked my outburst,  Behar explained.  Trump s hypocrisy, Fox s hypocrisy, Breitbart, Sean Hannity, all of them. What about the hypocrisy of Bill Clinton right now?  McCain asked, prompting Joy to ask,  Why bring up Bill Clinton at this point? It was at this point Whoopi stopped the conversation in its tracks, saying,  We re doing and we ll be right back,  before the show went to commercials.  TooFabDo you think Meghan McCain will last another month on The View? We d love to hear your thoughts below. ",0
9406,THIS TOPS IT ALL! HILLARY CLINTON Makes Shocking Statement Exposing Her Continued Delusion About 2016 Election Loss [Video],"This tops it all! Hillary Clinton sat down with liberal rag Mother Jones and actually had the balls to come out and question the legitimacy of President Trump s victory last November! Remember that this woman was strongly opposed to anyone questioning the results of an election before she lost to Trump. Now she s literally challenging Trump s win! This woman needs some help! This is embarrassing Bill, come and get your wife!HOW DARE SHE SAY THIS!Two-time failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton questioned the legitimacy of the 2016 election in a new interview with Mother Jones. I think that there are lots of questions about its legitimacy,  Clinton said.  And we don t have a method for contesting that in our system. VOTER SUPPRESSION? NOW THAT S FUNNY!Clinton listed Russian interference and voter suppression as reasons why she is questioning the legitimacy of President Donald Trump s victory and calling for an independent commission to investigate the matter.WHAT HAPPENED That s why I ve long advocated for an independent commission to get to the bottom of what happened,  she said.SHE WAS FOR IT BEFORE SHE WAS AGAINST ITDuring the 2016 presidential debates, Clinton often derided then-candidate Trump for his comments about the election being rigged and possibly not accepting the results. In the first debate, Clinton said that she supported democracy and would accept the results of the election. I support our democracy. And sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election,  Clinton said.Clinton even argued that Trump refusing to say he would accept the results of the election was a threat to American democracy.READ MORE: WFB",0
9407,YEA! GOP SENATOR GOES OFF On Liberal Dem Spouting Lies About Trump Tax Plan: ‘GIMME A BREAK!’ [Video],"Dem Sherrod Brown and GOP Senator Orrin Hatch go at it! They were discussing the tax plan and Hatch let Brown know he doesn t appreciate the class warfare propaganda THE MIDDLE CLASS WINS WITH TRUMP TAX PLAN:The Senate s plan to rewrite the tax code would go much further than a competing House proposal toward making good on Republican promises to focus on the middle class, a new report shows.Moderate-income people would consistently see the largest percentage declines in their tax bills, according to an analysis released late Saturday by the official, nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation.In 2019, people in the middle of the income spectrum, earning between $50,000 and $70,000, would see their taxes fall by 7.1 percent. Those earning between $20,000 and $30,000 would see a 10.4 percent decline, the report shows, while millionaires would get a 5.3 percent tax cut.Unlike with the House plan, that trend holds up throughout the period over which JCT analyzed the Senate proposal. In 2027, for example, millionaires would get a 2.8 percent tax cut from the Senate plan, compared with a 6.1 percent decline for people in the middle and a 10.3 percent reduction for those earning between $20,000 and $30,000.How Republicans  tax plans would affect people in different income groups has been a hotly contested issue in Congress, with the GOP contending its plans are aimed at the middle class while Democrats call them a giveaway to the rich.The House proposal would have a muddled impact on people in different income groups, JCT found earlier this month. At first, modest-income people would be its biggest winners, but the outlook changes after the first few years. Some modest-income people would face tax increases under the House plan, JCT found, and by 2027, millionaires would be its biggest winners.The analysis of the Senate plan, which the Finance Committee plans to formally take up on Monday, shows people in every income cohort receiving a tax cut on average, though it did not examine whether some people within those groups would face tax increases.",0
9408,WATCH: UNCOVERED VIDEO REVEALS Dan Rather Saying Americans Are Bored With Bill Clinton Rape Story…Want To “Move On” To The Next Thing,"In one of his regular appearances on the Imus In The Morning radio show, Dan Rather was asked by Imus in 1999, if he had any idea why NBC News was sitting on the story about the rape charges against Bill Clinton by Juanita Broaddrick?   Rather responded that the reason they were  sitting on the story  was  pretty obvious.  First, Rather clarified that they don t call to tell him why or why not they choose to hide a story from their news channel, but suggested:  I think it s pretty obvious that they re nervous about, number one, whether this information is accurate, whether it s really true or not. And number two, even if it does turn out to be true, it happened a long time ago, and number three, they ve got to be figuring that maybe, just maybe the American public has heard all that they want to hear about it and they re saying,  next , let s move on to the next thing. Imus went on to say that he read an article in either the leftist propaganda Newsweek or Time magazine that  even the woman herself, Juanita Broaddrick said she hoped that this thing went away this week, and even she was sick of hearing about it, [Dan Rather interrupted Imus with laughter] and it s her story.  Dan Rather then busted out in laughter and agreed, saying,  Well let s hope she gets her way with that.  More laughter Imus then revealed that  Someone from NBC News told me that she wasn t clear about when exactly this thing happened, but then her son called me and he s an attorney someplace, in, I guess in Arkansas, and he wanted me to know, why he called me god knows, but he wanted me to know that that was not the case, that she knows exactly what it was, and there was some other reason they were sitting on it. Instead of responding to Imus  comments, Rather deflected by making an embarrassing play to stroke Imus  ego and distract him from the reason NBC hiding the Clinton rape story. Rather continued,  But I just don t know if this is going anywhere, you know, I d have to bet for the moment that it isn t. The Washington Post gave it a pretty good ride on Saturday, and there wasn t much pick up from it. So unless there s some new and sensational information developed out of it, my guess is that it probably dribbles away. ",0
9409,‘BRIEFCASES FULL OF MONEY’…Uranium One Undercover Whistleblower Drops Bombshell! [Video],"As reported earlier today, Reuters has named the whistleblower in Uranium One as William D. Campbell. According to John Solomon of Circa News, the undercover whistleblower is a consultant and his evidence will show Russian agents with suitcases of cash to bribe the Clintons for US uranium:Campbell says he s in fear for his life and will be testifying on Monday.John Solomon disputes the Reuters attempt to downplay the information from this informant He says this guy has big info on the Dems and Hillary OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON REUTERS OUTING CAMPBELL AND THE GAG ORDER ON CAMPBELL: The FBI informant who went undercover to look into Hillary Clinton s role in an Obama administration-era uranium company was identified yesterday in an exclusive from Reuters:William Campbell, a Russian lobbyist, is the informant, according to Reuters. He will be testifying before a congressional committee about the 2010 sale of Uranium One, where a Russian-backed company bought a uranium firm with mines in the U.S. Campbell gave information to the FBI about what he saw while undercover as an informant. I have worked with the Justice Department undercover for several years, and documentation relating to Uranium One and political influence does exist and I have it    William CampbellCongressional committees have previously tried to interview Campbell, as he was undercover for roughly five years, working to get information on Russia s efforts to grow its atomic energy business in the U.S.Department of Justice spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told The Hill that a deal was reached in late October, clearing the informant to talk to Congress for the first time   almost eight years after he first went undercover.Two House chairmen also announced a probe in late October which is digging into new reports about Russian efforts to influence the Uranium One nuclear purchase that gave Russia control of roughly 20 percent of America s uranium.When Clinton served as secretary of state, Russia routed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, and former President Bill Clinton collected hundreds of thousands of dollars in Russian speaking fees as part of Russian efforts to influence the U.S. government to approve the deal, The Hill reported.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE GAG ORDER THAT HAS BEEN LIFTED BY SESSIONS:LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT: My Client Knows What Russians Were Saying During Bribery of Clintons [VIDEO]Campbell s attorney, Victoria Toensing, said on Fox Business that former attorneys general under the Obama administration are the reason her client hasn t been able to  tell what all the Russians were talking about during the time that all these bribery payments were made. The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one Read more: Daily Caller",0
9410,CONTROVERSY AT SCHOOL After Brave Student Wears ‘Fake News’ T-Shirt for Field Trip to CNN,"Here s more proof that liberals don t like free speech unless it s THEIR speech It s no secret that CNN is anti-Trump with their coverage every single day. They ve also been caught telling some huge whoppers on air that social media calls them out on. Blatant lies about President Trump caused him to go after the network with the nickname of  fake news . Well, it stuck and now they are known as  FNN  aka Fake News Network.Jaxon Jester wanted to boldly wear a  FNN  t-shirt for a field trip to Atlanta s CNN headquarters but his teacher made him take the shirt off His right to freedom of speech was violated and the entire incident has raised questions about who did the right thing: UNDER FIRE A Georgia family is under fire for allowing a seventh grader to wear a T-shirt that mocked liberal news network CNN on a school field trip to CNN s Atlanta headquarters   but the boy s parents think the school violated the First Amendment by making their son take it off.Nancy and Stan Jester, of Dekalb, are both local elected officials, she a county commissioner and he is a member of the local school board. Their son, seventh-grader Jaxon, wore a shirt mocking the CNN logo as  FNN  with the caption,  Fake News Network. A teacher asked him to remove it before the tour, but the school has since apologized to the Jesters. However, the parents want an apology for Jaxon because, they say, the whole thing was his idea and he has the right to free speech. This year when the CNN tour was announced, my 7th grade son Jaxon asked me if he could purchase an FNN-Fake News Network shirt to wear for his field trip,  Stan Jester wrote in a blog post.  As an advocate for the First Amendment, I agreed to his request. Jester continued:  His mother cautioned him that he might cause a controversy and needed to be prepared for that. He was fully aware of the implications of his decision and made the affirmative choice to wear his shirt. The boy s father wrote that he is  disappointed by the hypocrisy  of the decision to make his son change his shirt. Some students are celebrated when they make a controversial display during the National Anthem. My student was forced to remove his shirt because someone didn t like it. I defend speech and expression, even if I disagree, or it makes me uncomfortable,  he wrote.AJC S LIBERAL MAUREEN DOWNEY GIVES HER TWO CENTS WORTH:The Atlanta Journal-Constitution s Maureen Downey wrote a column asking,  Was a Dekalb board member wrong to allow son to wear insulting T-shirt to CNN tour? At the end of her column, Downey declared that,  As a parent who has chaperoned a lot of field trips, I would avoid sending my child off with an attitude or attire that could create problems not only for teachers, but parent chaperones, most of whom take off work to give their time. READ MORE: FOX NEWS",0
9411,UNHINGED TEXAS WOMAN DRIVING Pickup Truck With Vile Anti-Trump Message Gets Arrested For Unrelated Offense,"Just another case of  Love Trumps Hate LOL! The more hate these unhinged liberals spew, the more Independent voters will be inspired to go to the polls and vote for Trump in 2020.The owner of a pickup truck that drew attention this week because of a profane anti-Trump sticker was arrested in Houston on Thursday on an outstanding warrant.Karen Fonseca was arrested about 2 p.m. on an outstanding fraud warrant issued in August by the Rosenberg, Texas, Police Department, Fort Bend County Sheriff s Office records show.Mike Fonseca, her husband, posted her $1,500 bond Thursday night and she was released an hour later, Houston s KHOU-TV reported.A sheriff s spokesman didn t respond to a message seeking details about the warrant.Previously, Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls threatened Fonseca with a disorderly conduct charge over the decal. However, District Attorney John Healey said he didn t think the case would have stood up in court because of First Amendment protections on free speech.Fonseca defended her right to keep the sticker on the vehicle. It s not to cause hate or animosity,  Fonseca, 46, told the Houston Chronicle.  It s just our freedom of speech and we re exercising it. Fonseca said the message has been on the rear window of the pickup for nearly a year and it ll stay there for the time being. There s no law against freedom of speech, nothing in the law book here in Texas,  she told KHOU-TV.  I ve been stopped numerous times, but they can t write me a ticket. Nehls on Wednesday posted a photo of the profane sticker on his Facebook page, threatening the then-unidentified Fonseca with a misdemeanor charge of disorderly conduct.A spokeswoman for the sheriff s office said Thursday that Nehls removed the post after Fonseca was identified. Due to the hate messages he has been receiving toward his wife and children, the sheriff will not be commenting on the matter further,  the spokeswoman said in an email.  Fox News ",0
9412,FBI UNDERCOVER Informant On Hillary’s 2010 Sale Of Uranium Identified,"The FBI informant who went undercover to look into Hillary Clinton s role in an Obama administration-era uranium company was identified yesterday in an exclusive from Reuters:William Campbell, a Russian lobbyist, is the informant, according to Reuters. He will be testifying before a congressional committee about the 2010 sale of Uranium One, where a Russian-backed company bought a uranium firm with mines in the U.S. Campbell gave information to the FBI about what he saw while undercover as an informant. I have worked with the Justice Department undercover for several years, and documentation relating to Uranium One and political influence does exist and I have it    William CampbellCongressional committees have previously tried to interview Campbell, as he was undercover for roughly five years, working to get information on Russia s efforts to grow its atomic energy business in the U.S.Department of Justice spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told The Hill that a deal was reached in late October, clearing the informant to talk to Congress for the first time   almost eight years after he first went undercover.Two House chairmen also announced a probe in late October which is digging into new reports about Russian efforts to influence the Uranium One nuclear purchase that gave Russia control of roughly 20 percent of America s uranium.When Clinton served as secretary of state, Russia routed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, and former President Bill Clinton collected hundreds of thousands of dollars in Russian speaking fees as part of Russian efforts to influence the U.S. government to approve the deal, The Hill reported.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE GAG ORDER THAT HAS BEEN LIFTED BY SESSIONS:LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT: My Client Knows What Russians Were Saying During Bribery of Clintons [VIDEO]Campbell s attorney, Victoria Toensing, said on Fox Business that former attorneys general under the Obama administration are the reason her client hasn t been able to  tell what all the Russians were talking about during the time that all these bribery payments were made. The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one Read more: Daily Caller",0
9413,"DEMOCRAT SENATOR AL FRANKEN Thought It Would Be Hilarious To Do An SNL Skit About Drugging and Raping 60 Minutes Reporter: “when Lesley’s passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her”","Democratic Senator Al Franken   who has been accused of kissing a woman without her consent and pretending to grope her in a photo   once pitched an SNL sketch about raping a journalist, it has emerged.The remarks were made in 1995, when Franken and other writers on the show were working up a sketch about then-60 Minutes host Andy Rooney finding a bottle of pills in his desk, New York Magazine reported at the time.As the team batted ideas around, Franken suggested that the pills might be used by Rooney to drug Lesley Stahl at which point he would  take her to the closet and rape her .The sketch was part of an ongoing series in which Norm Macdonald portrayed Rooney as an out-of-touch misanthrope with a tenuous grasp on reality.Macdonald had suggested that Rooney could say  I don t know what the pills are for   what I do know is, the bottle is mostly filled with cotton. Franken then chipped in with:  And,  I give the pills to Lesley Stahl. Then, when Lesley s passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her. Or,  That s why you never see Lesley until February.  Or,  When she passes out, I put her in various positions and take pictures of her. Stahl was a contributor to 60 Minutes at the time. Macdonald then asked,  What if Rooney rapes Mike Wallace? And then says,  I guess that makes me bad.  Is it funnier with a black guy? Or two old white guys? Franken responded:  What about,  I drag Mike into my office and rape him. Right here! I guess that makes me bad. The sketch never made it to air, and it s questionable whether it was ever intended to do so.But the 1995 report has now resurfaced   as it did in 2008, when Franken made his successful run for Minnesota Senator.At the time, his campaign said:  Al understands, and the people of Minnesota understand, the difference between what a satirist does and what a senator does. But newly emerged claims that Franken kissed a woman without her consent in 2006, and pretended to grope her in a photo while she was sleeping have been tougher for the comedian to address. Daily MailWatch Leeann Tweeden talk about Senator Franken s repulsive sexual assault against her: ",0
9414,WHOOPI GOLDBERG RANTS: ‘Stupidest Thing’ That UCLA Players Did: ‘You embarrassed the president’ [Video],"Well this is a shocker! The usual leftist slant on The View was put aside for some support for President Trump. Who knew these political hacks could be reasonable and kind to Trump! Whoopi Goldberg took the lead when she gave the three basketball players who were detained by China a tongue lashing Yes, what were they thinking? She surprised everyone when she brought up how they embarrassed the president. No kidding! Whoopi Goldberg and her co-hosts on ABC s  The View  expressed their astonishment Thursday at the fact that three UCLA freshmen basketball players were accused of shoplifting while on a team trip to China.The players were arrested by Chinese police and only released this week after President Donald Trump asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intercede. Goldberg said the players embarrassed Trump and the country, but credited the president for helping the players return to the U.S. You embarrassed your families, you embarrassed the country, and you embarrassed the president,  Goldberg said.  Now I m not a big fan of the president, but the fact that he had to call and get your asses out of there is not anything to be proud of or think is cool. If this isn t the stupidest thing a young person has done, particularly if you re over six-feet tall, and black  she continued.",0
9415,WATCH: The View’s JOY BEHAR Wants To Know “What About Trump?” After Democrat Senator Al Franken Is Busted For Groping Women,"After reporter and model, Leeann Tweeden accused Franken of writing a sketch where he d come at her for a kiss, but she planned to turn away to get more laughs. After he allegedly insisted on rehearsing the moment, she said he  came at me, put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth.  She added it left her feeling  disgusted and violated.  Tweeden also shared a photo of Franken grabbing her breasts while she slept on a cargo plane following the event.  I felt violated all over again. Embarrassed. Belittled. Humiliated. It s very disappointing to hear this about Al Franken. He was a very funny comedian at this time, he s a Senator from Minnesota, he s a great advocate for women and other,  Joy Behar said.Yeah, Joy, tell us how hilarious Al Franken really is, I m sure women all over America are dying to hear about what a cut-up you think the pervert/comedian/elected (barely) lawmaker is.The conversation between The View hags took on a more serious tone for a moment, and for a brief moment, the viewers were given the opportunity to see women who cared more about other women than about politics, but it was only for a brief moment. Shortly after rabid, leftist, co-host, Sonny Hostin read Franken s apology, she attempted to get assurance from her fellow hags that everything was okay because Franken apologized? It took all of 1 second for not funny  comedian  and GROPER extraordinaire, Joy Behar to start asking,  What about Trump?  Meghan McCain was quick to remind the hag hosts of The View that it s not about Trump. Co-host Sunny Hostin was quick to turn the conversation back to Donald Trump, saying,  I mean we heard the Access Hollywood tape. ",0
9416,JUST IN: LEADING DEMOCRATS Call For Investigation Into Al Franken…MSNBC Defends Groping As ‘Mock Groping’ [Video],"Wow! This couldn t have happened to a nicer guy (sarcasm!) Democrats waisted no time in calling for an investigation into another groper amongst them. The ladies are now turning the tables and coming out after al Franken for his history of groping. Who knew? Why now? we hope the former comedian and currently nasty politician gets what s coming to him Senator Al Franken faced swift and bipartisan condemnation Thursday and multiple calls for an ethics investigation after a Los Angeles radio broadcaster and former model accused him of  forcibly kissing  and groping her in 2006.Franken first issued a brief apology and said he didn t recall the incident the way Leeann Tweeden did, but he later issued a longer apology:  There s no excuse  he said. He welcomed the ethics investigation, saying he will  gladly cooperate. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (N.Y.) said he hopes there soon will be an investigation by the Senate Ethics Committee, which has the authority to recommend expelling a senator.  Sexual harassment is never acceptable and must not be tolerated,  Schumer said in a statement.TO TOP IT ALL OFF, AN MSNBC ANCHOR DEFENDED HIS ACTIONS AS  MOCK GROPING :MSNBC's Kasie Hunt claims Franken was ""mock-groping,"" not ""groping""   not how Leeann Tweeden described it. pic.twitter.com/Si9evlh6QR  Rich Noyes (@RichNoyes) November 16, 2017Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who is dealing with his own political fallout from allegations of sexual misconduct against GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore, immediately called on the ethics committee to investigate Franken. McConnell has also not ruled out investigations into Moore if he wins his special election next month despite Republican leaders asking him to drop out of the race.Read more: WaPo",0
9417,"NYT’s GIVES “THUMBS UP” To New “Justice League” Movie, Starring Accused Sexual Predator Ben Affleck: “Better Than The Last One!”","The New York Times gave the accused sexual predator, Ben Affleck s new movie a thumbs up, but neglects to mention the sexual predator allaegations against him.Immediately after the Weinstein accusations started to come out, actress Hilarie Burton accused Ben Affleck of sexually assaulting her during a filming. Shanice Brim told Burton how sorry she was that Affleck sexually assaulted her, saying,  It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done. He also grabbed Hilarie Burton's breasts on TRL once. Everyone forgot though.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 10, 2017Actress Hilarie Burton responded,  I didn t forget. I m so sorry that happened to you. It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 11, 2017Here s a video of Ben Affleck where he allegedly grabbed the actress  breasts:https://t.co/wh2MpJVQzlGirls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017Ben Affleck was also accused by one of Harvey Weinstein s victims of covering up sexual assault, after he made a comment about how  saddened  and  angry  he was at his bestie Harvey Weinstein for his actions:You want to play let's play #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/uqd26Z78gc  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Here s the Justice League star in another disgusting video where he s clearly objectifying the female reporter:[VIDEO] Ben Affleck objectifies female reporter, comments on her breasts, then makes fun of ""retarded"" people with cerebral palsy. #cringe pic.twitter.com/5OiBtYkkVB  Austen Fletcher (@fleccas) October 12, 2017To add insult to injury, only days ago, Affleck appeared on MTV, where he gave a cringeworthy, and very arrogant interview about the new Justice League movie, along with his co-stars. The Mercury News published a story following his interview where they asked,  Does Ben Affleck really want to stop people from writing him off as an arrogant male movie star who lacks the character or good sense to move past his difficult associations with sexual harassment? Does he really want people to believe he can  be part of the solution  to ending a Hollywood culture that long allowed rich and powerful men like Harvey Weinstein to sexually mistreat women?Does he at least want to save his new movie  Justice League  from more bad press, after critics gave it generally negative reviews?Then Affleck better shut up, especially after his latest cringe-worthy comments surfaced.For an MTV  Justice League  cast interview last week, the Batman actor jauntily chomped his way through a big wad a gum while cracking a couple jokes that appeared to reference the sexual misconduct engulfing his industry, the Huffington Post reported. We could use more women!  Affleck said, perhaps trying to sound like he wanted to correct Hollywood s notorious gender disparity in movie narratives.But when his co-star Ray Fisher, who plays Cyborg in the film, was asked what would happen if Supergirl teamed up with the  Justice League,  the younger actor said in a very PR-friendly way,  I think it would create a different dynamic. That s when Affleck, failing to read the room or to grasp his own lack of charm in this situation, blurted out.  You following the news at all? He broke into a smile, chomping his gum some more, apparently thinking he was being very clever in referencing the sexual misconduct crisis that has engulfed his industry.Here s the arrogant and NOT funny interview: pic.twitter.com/o3bMi4WWQ5    (@stormpiIott) November 13, 2017Even the hard-core leftist publication Slate, gives their readers a list of movies they beleive will be affected by the Weinstein scandal and those who were close to the accused rapist, who are also facing sexual misconduct charges. The New York Times, however, has chosen to ignore Affleck s bad behavior in their review, however. We re pretty sure that given their history of bashing conservatives, if Affleck wasn t a mega-Democrat donor, his name would ve been the focus of the New York Times headline From Slate   Justice League (debut- November 17)  The Justice League press tour was going to be plenty difficult even before the Weinstein scandal went wide: As the movie underwent a director switch and major reshoots, rumors flew that Warner Bros. might be looking to bump an erratic Ben Affleck from his perch as Batman. Now, Affleck has been implicated in the Weinstein scandal by actress Rose McGowan, who claims the actor knew that Weinstein had assaulted her two decades ago, even though his recent statement on the matter pled na vet . McGowan s tweet  Ben Affleck fuck off  went viral and prompted renewed scrutiny of the actor s own behavior; Affleck has since apologized to actress Hilarie Burton for groping her during a long-ago TRL appearance.NYT s    Justice League,  the newest DC Comics superhero jam directed by Zack Snyder, is looser, goosier and certainly more watchable than the last one. The bar could scarcely have been lower given that the previous movie,  Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice,  was such an interminable slog. The superhero and villain dynamic is much the same (slayers going to slay, etc.), but there are a few fresh faces now and Wonder Woman has more to do than play backup. The story is a confusion of noise, visual clutter and murderous digital gnats, but every so often a glimmer of life flickers through.The last time he fronted a movie, Superman (Henry Cavill) seemed to die, a plot twist that not even the most credulous viewer could buy. So, of course he s back in this one, eventually, although first the band needs to get together. Having seen trouble on the horizon, Batman, a.k.a. Bruce Wayne   played with a sepulchral growl and bespoke stubble by Ben Affleck   takes the lead on this enterprise. He s the insistent manager as well as the scowling host, the guy with the cool digs, smooth rides with blinking screens ( critical damage  reads one with great comic-book sincerity) and suave butler (Jeremy Irons as Alfred). He s also pretty much of a yawn.The pumped-up Mr. Affleck again fills out the bat suit from ripped stem to stern, but his costume remains grievously larger than Batman s (or Bruce s) personality. Bat-Bruce clearly has some kind of unrequited thing for Wonder Woman, a.k.a. Diana Prince (Gal Gadot, a charming super-presence), which leads him to stammer like a teenager. (She s got other things on her mind.) He has money and a modest sense of humor, including about his wealth, which inspires one of the movie s few decent laughs. Mr. Affleck, a generally appealing actor who can plumb the depths when pushed ( Gone Girl ), needs something more substantial (or just more jokes) if his Batman is ever going to work.Cyborg isn t as buoyant a presence, which makes sense for a character who s been partly cobbled together from scraps and a sob story that Mr. Fisher puts across with bowed head and palpable heaviness. The hoodie he sometimes wears, which can t help but evoke Trayvon Martin, imparts a larger meaning that the movie doesn t or can t explore. Like the references to a coming world catastrophe that suggestively shudders with wider implications, the hoodie suggests filmmakers who are still struggling to keep an eye on the offscreen world while spinning a fictional universe that can somehow offer a brief escape from it. ",0
9418,AWESOME! President Trump Gives Fatherly Advice About ‘The Road of Life’ to UCLA Basketball Players,"You ve gotta love this president and his ability to send personal messages via twitter He just gave some fatherly advice to the three UCLA basketball players in deep trouble for shoplifting while in China President Donald Trump on Thursday encouraged the three UCLA basketball freshmen who he helped get out of China after being arrested for shoplifting to thank President Xi Jinping for his help as well.LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley, and Jalen Hill were arrested during a team trip trip to China on Nov. 8 after being accused of stealing designer sunglasses in Hangzhou. Trump learned of the incident while traveling in Asia and asked his Chinese counterpart to intercede.Ball, Riley and Hill gave remorseful statements on Wednesday and thanked Trump and the U.S. government for their help Trump had tweeted earlier in the day wondering if he would receive gratitude from the players for his intercession.On Thursday, he also dispensed a little life advice. To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You re welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made your release possible, and HAVE A GREAT LIFE!  he wrote.To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017 Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!  he added. .your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017While they got out of trouble in China, the three freshmen have been indefinitely suspended from their team by head coach Steve Alford. Read more: WFB",0
9419,COMEDY GOLD! WATCH HILLARY Give Unbelievable Reason She Shouldn’t Be Investigated: ‘Terrible Signal’ [Video],"Hillary Clinton tells a reporter from liberal rag Mother Jones that she s above any investigation into Uranium One This is really comedy gold! Delusional!Hillary s delusional reasoning:  If they send a signal that we re going to be like some dictatorship, like some authoritarian regime, where political opponents are going to be unfairly, fraudulently investigated, that rips at the fabric of the contract we have, that we can trust our justice system   It will be incredibly demoralizing to people who have served at the Justice Department, under both Republicans and Democrats, because they know better. But it will also send a terrible signal to our country and the world that somehow we are giving up on the kind of values that we used to live by and we used to promote worldwide. Here s the latest on just how corrupt Hillary really is and why she s pushing back she s guilty!This is why she s saying this is an  abuse of power Guilty!!!The Uranium One corruption runs so deep with the Obama administration that it is a threat to Obama too. This corruption must be investigated! This is the real Russian scandal!The videos above provide so much information and proof that this is a crime If this doesn t warrant a special counsel, what the heck does ?Here are the seven facts about the Uranium One deal you need to know: Peter Schweizer Broke the Uranium One Scandal Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President and Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer broke the Uranium One scandal in his book Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. In the book, he reported that Clinton s State Department, along with other federal agencies, approved the transfer of 20 percent of all U.S. uranium to Russia and that nine foreign investors in the deal gave $145 million to Hillary and Bill Clinton s personal charity, the Clinton Foundation. The New York Times Confirmed the Scandal in 2015 The New York Times confirmed Schweizer s Uranium One revelations in a 4,000-word front-page story by a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporter. It detailed how the Russian energy giant Rosatom had taken over the Canadian firm with three separate purchases between 2009 and 2013, largely coinciding with Hillary Clinton s time as secretary of state. The FBI Uncovered Evidence that Russian Money Was Funneled to the Clinton Foundation The Hill reported last week that ahead of the deal, the FBI had uncovered  substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering  to expand Russia s nuclear footprint in the U.S. as early as 2009. The agency also found that Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. to benefit the Clinton Foundation. The Justice Department would sit on the evidence for four years before looking to prosecute, by which time the deal had been approved. Congress Is Now Investigating The Senate Judiciary Committee has launched a probe into the scandal and has sent requests for more information to 10 federal agencies involved in the approval of the partial sale of Uranium One, asking what they knew about the FBI investigation and when. Bill Clinton Was Paid $500,000 for a Speech in Moscow Bill Clinton bagged a $500,000 speech in Moscow paid for by a Kremlin-backed bank shortly after Russia announced its intention to take a majority stake in the company. According to the Times, Clinton traveled to Moscow in June 2010, the same month Rosatom struck its deal for its majority stake in Uranium One. The Clinton Foundation Took Big Bucks from Uranium Investors According to theTimes, The Clinton Foundation received $2.35 million in donations from Ian Telfer, a mining investor who was also the chairman of Uranium One when Rosatom acquired it. It also received $31.3 million and a pledge for $100 million more from Frank Giustra, the Canadian mining financier whose company merged with Uranium One. Senate Republicans Want an FBI Gag Order Lifted Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-IA) has called for the Justice Department to lift the gag order on the FBI s whistleblower, indicating that he may have more explosive revelations related to the case and on what the Clintons and the Obama administration knew about the case and when they knew it. Read more: Breitbart NewsDEVELOPMENTS TODAY MOVE THE BALL FORWARD: Devin Nunes just announced a probe into the Uranium One Deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the Clintons and the Obama administration:BREAKING: Devin Nunes announces probe into the #UraniumOneDeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mVdTYa  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) October 24, 2017FBN S LOU DOBBS SPOKE WITH THE AUTHOR OF  CLINTON CASH :  Biggest scandal in the history of American politics While speaking with Peter Schweizer, the author of  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  and Breitbart News senior editor-at-large on Friday, Fox Business Network host Lou Dobbs argued that the Uranium One deal could end up being the biggest scandal in the history of American politics.Dobbs said,  There is no clear statement as to why we would give up, for any reason, any price, 20% of our uranium in this country. And that is a question that is left open still unanswered. and secondly, have you ever heard of anyone putting $145 million, at one moment, into the hands of the Clinton foundation? And the answer is, of course not. These questions, most basic and fundamental, were armed by the very committee made up of the very agencies, departments, and individuals responsible for national security. this, this is the biggest Obama scandal. I think it may well turn out to be the biggest scandal in American political history. ",0
9420,"ROSIE O’DONNELL, BROADWAY STARS Host Concert ‘Celebrating’ Hillary But Bash Trump","The biggest stars on Broadway are apparently still having trouble coping with Hillary Clinton s loss to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.Tony and Grammy Award-winners convened Sunday evening for a special concert   called  Double Standards    at the Town Hall Theater in New York City, with the event focused on celebrating Hillary Clinton and  women s empowerment,  reports InStyle.All proceeds from the concert tickets were donated to Planned Parenthood, the ACLU, and the Breast Cancer Coalition.The brainchild of actress and singer Laura Bell Bundy, who portrayed the original Amber Von Tussle in Hairspray, the concert was produced through a partnership between Bundy and iS CLINICAL skincare. We have been fighting as women for rights that men are just born with, which is crazy,  Bundy told InStyle.  We have to stay on top of that, and we have to mobilize, and we can t just go to one march and think it s going to happen. We have to march and benefit and hashtag and call our representatives and get out there and create groups, so this is a part of the Broadway community essentially having a town hall meeting, except when we have a town hall meeting, we sing our faces off,  she added.  This is how we raise our voices, at Town Hall. In addition to featuring Broadway stars singing spins of famous tunes from classical musicals, the event saw comedian Rosie O Donnell continuing to mourn Clinton s loss as she injected her political viewpoint into the mix:I ve felt bad since last November, I ve been laying in bed for a couple of months. I figured out how to get Entenmann s crumb cake into an IV tube. It wasn t easy, it was miserable, but then you know what happened: Bob Mueller ladies and gentlemen. Bob Mueller I m getting a Bob Mueller tattoo right over my heart as soon as that orange piece of s  is in jail.Wow! Rosie is bitter woman seek help!",0
9421,FORMER JOE BIDEN Secret Service Agent Claims They Had to Protect Women From Him…Biden “would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s a**es”,"Several uncomfortable videos have surfaced this week, showing former Vice President Joe Biden groping little girls. Apparently, according to a former secret service agent, Vice President Joe Biden is not only interested in touching little girls in inappropriate ways, he s also someone the Secret Service felt they needed to protect from their female agents.Here s one example of Creepy Joe touching and rubbing a little girl who is clearly uncomfortable with his inappropriate actions:Big League Politics  Cassandra Fairbanks dropped a bombshell report on Gateway Pundit, where she released a stunning report from a former Secret Service agent assigned to the Vice President Joe Biden residence claims that the Service often had to protect female agents from him.Speaking on the condition of anonymity, the agent asserted that,  We had to cancel the VP Christmas get together at the Vice President s house because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend s asses.  The annual party was for agents and Navy personnel who were tasked with protecting the Biden family. He would mess with every single woman or teen. It was horrible,  the agent said.According to the source, a Secret Service agent once got suspended for a week in 2009 for shoving Biden after he cupped his girlfriend s breast while the couple was taking a photo with him. The situation got so heated, the source told Cassandra Fairbanks, that others had to step in to prevent the agent from hitting the then-Vice President.Additionally, the agent claims that Biden would walk around the VP residence naked at night.  I mean, Stark naked  Weinstein level stuff,  he added.He said that the men on duty would frequently stand in front of female agents and Navy women that were present  like a damn guardian.  On some occasions, they would make up reasons to get the women away from where he was.The agent said he was specifically concerned about women in the Navy. They weren t allowed to disobey him at all, but we d take them away under pretend auspices,  the agent stated.Best-selling author Ronald Kessler wrote about Biden s problem with female agents in his book The First Family Detail.Go to the 2:00-minute mark to hear Kessler tell Sean Hannity how Vice President Joe Biden likes to swim naked in front of female secret service agents:Next time you hear the liberal media talking about how Judge Roy Moore should step down from his bid to become Alabama s next US Senator, with absolutely no evidence that he has ever even made a teenage girl feel uncomfortable  remember the actual videos of Joe Biden, the so-called future of the Democrat Party, groping numerous little girls in plain view of the media, and of the little girls families, while everyone tried to pretend it wasn t happening. ",0
9422,WHOA! FEMINIST HACK LAWYER Gloria Allred REFUSES To Say If High School Yearbook Used As Evidence Against Roy Moore Is A Forgery,"This story just keeps unraveling Two days ago, conservative Thomas Wictor dropped a bombshell on Twitter, exposing what he suggested was a forged Roy Moore signature on the yearbook that allegedly belongs to Beverly Young Nelson, the most recent sexual misconduct accuser of GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore.CNN published a story about Roy Moore signing Nelson s yearbook. Thomas Wictor dissected the signature and the validity of her story on Twitter:Beverly Young Nelson said Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore wrote a message in her yearbook in December 1977 that said, ""To a sweeter more beautiful girl, I could not say, 'Merry Christmas.'""She said he signed it, ""Roy Moore, D.A."" https://t.co/aluJzQsv15 pic.twitter.com/esjGd1ssd9  CNN (@CNN) November 13, 2017Here are close up versions of the signatures. Note, that when viewed close up, the signature is signed in both black and blue ink.Here is a closer version of the yearbook signature:Here is Wictor s explanation for the different colors of ink:(4) The LIGHT is reflecting off of the ink.The ink that LOOKS blue is actually black. It's DIFFERENT ink than the ORIGINAL ink.Therefore it reflects light differently.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 16, 2017(11) So, to recap:The signature is a forgery, and everything after the name ""Roy-Ray"" was added later with different ink. pic.twitter.com/1sPv6aABge  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 15, 2017Just like the ""TH"" doomed Dan Rather, ""DA"" will doom the anti Roy Moore forces. They copied his signature on Nelsons divorce order not realizing ""DA"" was his assistants initials, not his title. The sheer stupidity! pic.twitter.com/oWJ5fzM6fr  TruthHurts (@tru768) November 15, 2017Moore s attorney came out today with a statement regarding the signature in question in the high school yearbook. Here s what he had to say:Roy Moore's Attorney: ""[Nelson & Gloria Allred] said that Ms. Nelson after the allegations had never seen or had any contact with Judge Moore  In 1999, Ms. Nelson filed a divorce action  The judge assigned was Roy S. Moore."" pic.twitter.com/Bv5ZV0CMvc  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 15, 2017Meanwhile, the leftist, feminist lawyer, Gloria Allred, refused to deny that her client Beverly Nelson s  Roy Moore  signature in her high school yearbook is NOT a fabrication. CNN s Wolf Blitzer grilled Allred on the matter Wednesday.Big League Politics    Well, all I m saying is, we will permit an independent examiner of the writing We will allow all of this to be asked and answered at the hearing,  Allred said. But that s not a flat denial, Gloria,  Blitzer said. Well, all I m saying is, we re not denying, we re not admitting, we re not addressing,  Allred said.  We will not be distracted. Blitzer asked why Allred needed a Senate hearing and would not just permit an independent handwriting expert to take a look. Well, uh, all I can say is we want it done in a professional setting to the extent possible, that s the only setting in which people can testify under oath,  Allred said.Blitzer asked if Allred s client would take a lie-detector test, but she refused, pushing for a Senate hearing.Go to the 25:30 min. mark in the video:",0
9423,UCLA PLAYERS Hold Press Conference…Finally Thank President Trump! [Video],"The three UCLA basketball freshmen arrested for shoplifting in China thanked President Donald Trump for his assistance and expressed remorse for their actions in a brief press conference on Wednesday.LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley, and Jalen Hill were arrested on Nov. 8 after being accused of stealing designer sunglasses in Hangzhou, and they faced potentially stiff prison sentences.Trump learned of the saga while in Beijing, and he asked Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping to intercede. The players, who had been traveling with their team and were detained in their hotel in Hangzhou, were allowed to return to Los Angeles, and the PAC-12 conference released a statement that the matter had been resolved to the satisfaction of Chinese authorities.Trump tweeted earlier Wednesday about the saga, wondering seemingly sarcastically whether the players would thank him, saying,  they were headed for 10 years in jail! The players each spoke in turn, all stating they regretted their actions and apologizing. Riley sighed deeply after mentioning Trump. To President Trump and the United States government, thank you for taking the time to intervene on our behalf. We really appreciate you helping us out,  he said before sighing.Ball said he had exercised poor judgment and said he had been raised better than his actions showed. I would also like to thank President Trump and the United States government for the help that they provided as well,  Ball said.Hill said he hoped the saga would help him become a better person and also thanked Trump and the government for their intercession.UCLA head coach Steve Alford has said the three freshmen are  indefinitely suspended  from the program for their conduct. Read more: WFB",0
9424,WOW! WATCH: CREEPY JOE BIDEN Just Can’t Keep His Hands (Or Body) Off Senator Kelly Ayotte’s 6-Yr Old Daughter,"Yesterday, we posted videos of  Creepy Joe Biden  rubbing his hands all over the upper bodies of little girls whose parents or grandparents were present, while photographers and videographers were snapping photos and capturing footage of the uncomfortable interactions.Joe Biden didn t earn his nickname  Creepy Joe  or  Creepy Uncle Joe  for his good behavior. Sadly,  Creepy Joe  earned his nickname after he was caught numerous times groping women and young girls on camera. Of course, the media gives Joe Biden a pass, because he s a Democrat, and if there s anything we ve learned over the past 4 decades, it s that high-profile members of the Democrat Party, like accused rapist Bill Clinton, can t be held accountable for their  playful  sexual advances towards women, and in the especially creepy Joe Biden s case, young girls.The video below is a perfect example of how Democrats have been allowed to blatantly abuse their power for decades, while both parties and the media look the other way. In 2011, Kelly Ayotte was being sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden. The video starts with Joe Biden standing alone when Ayotte s little 6-year old daughter Kate, catches his eye. Like a moth to the light, Biden seeks her out.  Who is that beautiful child? Biden asks. Biden then turns around and appears to be looking to see if anyone is watching him as he approaches her. Kate s mother, Kelly Ayotte rushes over when she sees Biden attempting to interact with her daughter and tells her to  come on out  from hiding. Biden strikes up a conversation with Kelly Ayotte while stroking the head of her toddler son and talking in a weird hushed tone. All the while, Biden appears to be keeping his eye on the prize (Ayotte s daughter Kate). Meanwhile, Ayotte s husband appears to be having a private conversation with his daughter when Biden, who can t help himself, moves over closer to the dad, shakes his hand and for no apparent reason, tells her father that  She can have whatever she wants.  Biden then attempts to strike up a conversation with the little girl, asking her,  How old are you? . When it appears the Ayotte family is ready for the swearing-in ceremony, Biden begins to direct the family, as to where they are to stand. He makes what appears to be a calculated decision for the little girl to stand next to him. Biden then proceeds to grind his groin area into the little girl over and over. The little girl is visibly uncomfortable in the video. Biden can be seen strangely stroking the head and hair of Ayotte s daughter as he swears Kelly Ayotte in the US Senate.As the Ayotte family attempts to leave the swearing-in ceremony, the cringe-worthy VP pulls the little Ayotte girl back into him and leans in to whisper dating advice in her ear (for the second time). As Joe leans in, he begins to stroke her head with both hands and leans down to kiss the little girl he just met on the head. Little 6-yr. old Kate is clearly uncomfortable with his unwanted mauling. Joe appears to be very accomplished at making small talk, especially about his own young grandchildren, which is likely a great way to deflect the parent s suspicion from him while he strokes the heads and bodies, young girls. The stroking of her hair and rubbing of Kate s body with his hands continues for much too long before the Ayotte family finally exits the room, at which time, Biden looks around and asks if anyone else wants to be sworn in (hopefully, with young children in tow).Watch:Go HERE to see more cringe-worthy Joe Biden videos.h/t GP ",0
9425,"Viewers Are DEMANDING Shepard Smith Be FIRED After Fox News’ Leftist Host, Shepard Smith, Pulled UNBELIEVABLE Propaganda Stunt Last Night [VIDEO]","Only one day ago, FOX News published a factual story outlining Hillary s involvement in the sale of uranium to Russia while she was acting as Barack Obama s Secretary of State.Fox News  What was the Uranium One deal?In 2013, Rosatom, backed by the Russian state, acquired a Canadian uranium mining company, now called Uranium One, which has assets in the U.S. Uranium is key to making nuclear weapons.Through the deal, Russia is able to own about 20 percent of U.S. uranium production capacity. However, Colin Chilcoat, an energy affairs specialist who has written extensively about Russia s energy deals, said that the company only extracts about 11 percent of uranium in the U.S.The deal also  doesn t allow for that uranium to be exported at all,  Chilcoat told Fox News.  It s not like it s leaving the U.S. or somehow finding its way to more insidious players. The agreement was approved by nine government agencies with the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an inter-agency group that reviews how certain foreign investments can impact national security. Clinton s State Department was one of those agencies, though the former secretary of state told WMUR-TV in 2015 that she was not  personally involved  in the agreement.Why is it controversial? Republicans have largely decried the deal, especially as some investors reportedly donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. Former President Bill Clinton also received a $500,000 speaking fee in Russia and reportedly met with Vladimir Putin around the time of the deal.The FBI had looked into the agreement and uncovered that some Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in nefarious dealings, which included extortion, bribery, and kickbacks, The Hill reported. Evidence of wrongdoing by Vadim Mikerin, the Russian official overseeing Putin s nuclear expansion in the U.S. who was eventually sentenced to prison, was discovered by the FBI before the deal was approved, according to The Hill.Author Peter Schweizer   who wrote about the deal in his 2015 book  Clinton Cash    told Fox News that there is no evidence that the people involved with approving the agreement knew that the FBI had an ongoing investigation into it.Republicans say the whole affair raises serious questions. Now it s the Democrats who have some explaining to do,  Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement.  I hope they will cooperate with the investigation, be forthcoming with the American people and I expect the media to cover these new developments with the same breathless intensity that they have given to this investigation since day one. Yesterday, the liberal Fox News host, Shepard Smith infuriated a large number of the network s viewers on Tuesday after a six-minute segment in which he debunked far-right conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton s alleged wrongdoing in a sale of American uranium. The segment was surprising given that a number of broadcasters on Smith s own network have promoted the idea that Clinton broke the law in approving the sale to foreign buyers who also donated to her husband s foundation.Smith said many claims about Clinton s supposed role in the uranium sale were  inaccurate    even as President Donald Trump and his supporters are calling for a federal investigation.The Fox News host began the segment by summarizing the particulars of the sale of Uranium One, a Canadian firm with rights to mine US uranium.Rosatom, a Russian firm, acquired a majority stake in Uranium One in 2010 and bought the remainder of the company in 2013.The segment infuriated Fox News viewers who demanded Smith be fired. Shep Smith needs to be fired for his biased reporting,  tweeted one Fox News viewer.  Daily Mail Twitter went nuts over the 6-minute propaganda piece on FOX News last night.Here are just a few of the tweets that blasted the whiny, liberal FOX News host for his disgusting liberal bias.Shepard Smith: AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONThe wrench in the @FoxNews wheel.PLEASE DUMP THE HACK.   pic.twitter.com/6xQnDBcA7K  thebradfordfile (@thebradfordfile) November 15, 2017Raise your hand  If you change the channel when thisObnoxiousFake Overly made-upLiberal shillBeta maleComes on@FoxNews #FireShep Shepard Smith Covers for Hillary, Spreads FAKE NEWS on #UraniumOne#WednesdayWisdom https://t.co/MBTIXz7uHz via @truthfeednews  SparkleMAGA  (@SparkleSoup45) November 15, 2017Most viewers of FOX  News question why the only conservative-leaning cable news show would want someone like Shepard Smith driving viewers away. Many believe Shep would be a better fit on any of the multiple liberal cable news shows, like MSNBC or CNN for instance.This Twitter user puts Fox News host Chris Wallace in the same category as Shepard Smith and thinks Fox should get rid of both of them:Chris Wallace and Shepard Smith should start a show on CNN called ""Pink Hat Brigade"" that's where you both belong. Shameful Fox, Get rid of these two asshats.  Matt Couch   (@RealMattCouch) November 13, 2017",0
9426,RIDICULOUS! MAXINE WATERS Receives ‘Glamour’ Award… Leads Screaming Crowd In Chant Against Trump [Video],"The Democrats continue to push their delusional wish to impeach President Trump They announced a new effort even today:HAPPENING TODAY: Dems set to launch new impeachment efforts. pic.twitter.com/J1ssZGgwcy  Fox & Friends First (@FoxFriendsFirst) November 15, 2017THE LEADER IN THIS RIDICULOUS EFFORT: Maxine Waters received a lifetime achievement award at Glamour s 2017  Women of the Year  awards Tuesday and concluded by calling once again for President Donald Trump s impeachment .The sheeple buy it and chant with Waters Maxine Waters led a crowd in chanting ""Impeach 45!"" at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards. (via Glamour) https://t.co/1C0bfI3OKf  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) November 14, 2017Waters has repeatedly called for Trump to be impeached, and although she has sometimes seemed not to remember that, it has become a signature aspect of her political image. She made sure to continue her stand at the fashion magazine s event, even though her fellow Democrats have distanced themselves from that idea. You recognize when a leader is irresponsible. You recognize when a leader is dishonorable and disrespectful. You recognize when a leader is dangerous,  the California congresswoman said.  Even if that leader is the President of the United States of America. I continue to say, impeach him!  she said to loud applause.  Impeach him! Impeach him! She then led the audience in a chant, using the popular shorthand  45  for Trump, the 45th president. Impeach 45! Impeach 45! I didn t hear you impeach 45!  she yelled, while the crowd continued the refrain.Earlier in her speech, Waters called on the audience to vote, get involved, and organize for progressive causes. She also advised the group composed largely of fashion designers, journalists, and celebrities to run for public office. I want you to do everything you can to get ready to run for office,  she said. I m claiming my time, and I want you to claim your time,  she added, referring to a comment she made in a hearing that went viral. Read more: WFB",0
9427,"WOW! Stepson Of New Roy Moore Accuser Makes Emotional Video…Says Stepmom is Lying: “For Whatever Reason She’s Doing This, I’m Truly Sorry”","Yesterday, Beverly Young Nelson sat with the same leftist lawyer, Gloria Allred, who came out after Donald Trump with false allegations of sexual harassment against Donald Trump before the election and made a public statement, claiming she was sexually assaulted by Judge Roy Moore when she was a teenager. Today, Beverly Young Nelson s son Darrel Nelson made a public Facebook video to let America know he s behind Judge Roy Moore and that believes his stepmother is not telling the truth about Judge Moore sexually assaulting her when she was a teen.Here is part of his transcript:Good evening. As I said today, I found out today, that my stepmother is one of the ladies that s accusing Judge Moore of an act that supposedly happened when she was a teenager. My father s name is John Allen Nelson. The woman that s committed this act against Mr. Moore, is Beverly Young Nelson. It s hard for me to actually have this conversation, but it must be done. Mr. Moore, I support you. I don t believe the acts that she s claimed you ve done. I don t believe it. I ve known the woman, she married my father many, many years ago, I ve known her for a while now, and I truly do not believe that she s being honest about this. You re a good judge. I ve growed up, I ve known your name since I was a kid. You cared about the ten commandments. You tried like hell to keep the ten commandments from being taken out of the courthouse. I remember. I ve been a member of Etowah County my whole life. I was born here. Now I m twisted. To you Mr. Moore, and to your wife, I do apologize. For whatever reason, she s doing this, and I am truly sorry. I stand behind you 100%. And to my stepmother, for whatever reasons you did this Why did you, I have a few questions about this: Why did you wait so long if this did happen? You waited, you said you were a teenager when it happened. Well, here it now, how many years later? And all of a sudden, now you re gonna bring it up when he s fixin  to go, and we done votin  him into the House, and you re trying to get him took out. I ve tried to keep quiet on your name because I see your name flying around everywhere.But I am a Moore supporter, but officially, this is the statement I ve been meaning to make. I know I m gonna get some backlash from my family, but that s okay. We the people made the decision. It s over. Democrats are taking a shot at it, using any and everybody they can get so they can tarnish his record, to get a Democrat to take his place. Well, I m sorry. We re not gonna have that. For whatever reason, she s done what she s done. This needs to end now. So with this official statement, I stand with Moore, all the way. I m reaching out to you Mr. Moore. If you need me to make a public statement, I ll do so on your behalf. Watch:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));My official statementPosted by Darrel Nelson on Tuesday, November 14, 2017 ",0
9428,FIREWORKS: TREY GOWDY Confronts Jeff Sessions at Congressional Hearing: ‘How do you restore people’s trust?’ [Video],"Trey Gowdy railed against the erosion of trust between the American people and the DOJ during a hearing before Congress today:  I want to start with something that s very important to me,  Gowdy began,  and I think it s important to all people in this country of good conscience, irrespective of their political ideation, and that s the independence of the Department of Justice. In my judgment, 2016 and 2017 have been challenging years for the Department of Justice. Gowdy then went into the various legal procedures for charging citizens, including political players like Hillary Clinton and former FBI director James Comey. Mr. Conyers asked you whether or not it was appropriate for the president to weigh in on an ongoing investigation,  Gowdy said.  And of course, the answer to that is  no.  It is not appropriate. It s not appropriate in 2017. It wasn t appropriate when President Obama did it in the IRS targeting scandal. It wasn t appropriate when President Obama did it in the ongoing investigation into Hillary Clinton s server. It is never appropriate for a president to tell a Department of Justice what outcome it would reach. I just wish my friends on the other side of the aisle would have the same kind of outrage when President Obama did it as they do now.  Then Gowdy asked a  last question. How do you restore people s trust   Republicans and Democrats   confidence in a Department of Justice when it seems like different rules apply depending on who s in power?  he asked.Attorney General Sessions gave a direct answer. Well, it s a good question and important question,  Sessions responded.  We intend to do our work, according to the established principles of the Department of Justice. We will not be infected by politics or bias. We will only make decisions we believe are right and just. We re not going to unlawfully use the department to advance a political agenda  I am determined that when the years go by, that people will say this Department of Justice did not crumble. Read more: bpr",0
9429,DISGUSTING VIDEOS Show Joe Biden Groping Little Girls…Watch Girls Elbow Biden To Keep His Hands Off Their Breasts,"Joe Biden didn t earn his nickname  Creepy Joe  or  Creepy Uncle Joe  for his good behavior. Sadly,  Creepy Joe  earned his nickname after he was caught numerous times groping women and young girls on camera. Of course, the media gives Joe Biden a pass, because he s a Democrat, and if there s anything we ve learned over the past 4 decades, it s that high-profile members of the Democrat Party, like accused rapist Bill Clinton, can t be held accountable for their  playful  sexual advances towards women, and in the especially creepy Joe Biden s case, young girls.The first girl is a niece of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky (R). The girl with the sharp elbow is apparently a relative of freshman Senator Steve Daines of Montana (R).An enlarged image from C-SPAN shows Biden s hand sliding over the chest of McConnell s niece.Another incident shows Biden s right hand sliding down a girl s shoulder and then his fingers creep over toward her breast [at about the 4:20 mark]. The girl elbowed Biden and stepped away from him, but Biden grabbed her and put his right hand back over her breast.Watch, as Joe Biden moves his hand down on this little girl s breast. You can see her elbowing him, as he s clearly making her uncomfortable. But Creepy Joe persists Here s a compilation of Joe Biden s sexual assaults in plain view of the camera and family members:One of the best videos in the collection of Creepy Joe moments caught on tape was when the camera caught the former Senator Jeff Sessions actually SLAPPING Joe s hands when he attempts to grab ahold of Sessions granddaughter. Watch:In another incident from that day, Biden is meeting Colorado Senator Cory Gardner and his wife and 11-year-old daughter. The daughter puts herself on the other side of Biden from her father. Biden reaches out to shake her hand and tires to pull her toward him such that the resisting girl stumbles in her heels. Biden then asks her to hold the Bible for the swearing-in of her father to get her next to him so he could fondle her. Biden drags her over by the arm and positions her close to him with both hands on her. Biden hugs her with his right arm after the ceremonial swearing-in, pulling her hip to his crotch. Biden then holds the girl near him for the family photo session and keeps his left arm around her waist during the photos. Biden finishes by leaning over and whispering in her ear.Note: Watch Biden s hand beginning at the 1:32 mark. He actually rotates his hand up to touch the side of the 11-year-old girl s breast.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
9430,32-Yr Old ILLEGAL ALIEN Repeatedly Raped and Impregnated 15-Yr Old Stepdaughter As Way To Stay In U.S.,"We assume Donald Trump was talking about illegal aliens like Horacio Alvarado who repeatedly raped his 14-year-old step-daughter and eventually impregnated her in hopes that it would be his ticket to citizenship.Daily Mail -An illegal immigrant in Milwaukee is accused of fathering his teenage stepdaughter s child in a misguided attempt to remain in the US.Horacio Alvarado, 32, allegedly impregnated the girl when she was 15 and then sought a paternity test, believing it would keep him in the country. The girl gave birth to the child back in 2012 but police only uncovered a lengthy history of alleged assaults last month when they started investigating a new sexual assault claim made by the victim.The step-daughter, now aged 22, was being interviewed over the recent sex assault allegation when she told police Alvarado had repeatedly abused her as a teenager, according to a criminal complaint obtained by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.She told authorities Alvarado raped her on average three times a week from when she was 14 until she was 18 years old. The alleged abuse continued even after she gave birth to his child.The woman told police that Alvarado allegedly assaulted her when her mother, Linda Alvarado, was at work or sleeping late at night.She claims her mother once walked into the bedroom while Alvarado was raping her, but she left the bedroom without trying to stop him.The woman told authorities she kept the identity of her baby s father a secret from everyone except her mother, who she told shortly after the child was born.The Milwaukee County Circuit Court established Alvarado as the child s legal father in 2015.The criminal complaint states that Alvarado believed a positive paternity test would grant him permission to remain in the country.The girl s mother, Linda Alvarado, has also been charged with misdemeanor child neglect. She was released on a $500 bond. ",0
9431,LEFTIST MEDIA EXPOSES Democrat Party For Ignoring Rape Allegations Against Bill Clinton and For Giving Hillary A Pass After Threatening His Victims,"Hollywood producer kingpin and mega-Democrat Party donor, Harvey Weinstein s abusive sexual predator behavior has shined a light on all of Hollywood, and in the process has shined an even brighter light on the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party and their media allies. The leftist media is now being forced to discuss how Democrats have turned a blind eye to decades of criminal sexual assaults by Bill Clinton and given a pass to his wife Hillary, who enabled him by threatening his victims to remain silent.Four days ago, the hard-left MSNBC host Chris Hayes made a stunning admission about the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party, and how they are  long overdue for a real reckoning with the allegations against Bill Clinton that have been swept under the carpet, while the victims were shamed.As gross and cynical and hypocrtical as the right's ""what about Bill Clinton"" stuff is, it's also true that Democrats and the center left are overdue for a real reckoning with the allegations against him.  Chris Hayes (@chrislhayes) November 10, 2017Yesterday, The Atlantic came out with a damning article that blames the fake feminism movement on the left, as well as the Democrat Party, who has allowed a double standard to exist when it comes to blindly protecting and defending the Clinton s against any, and all sexual misconduct allegations.Yet let us not forget the sex crimes of which the younger, stronger Bill Clinton was very credibly accused in the 1990s. Juanita Broaddrick reported that when she was a volunteer on one of his gubernatorial campaigns, she had arranged to meet him in a hotel coffee shop. At the last minute, he had changed the location to her room in the hotel, where she says he very violently raped her. She said that she fought against Clinton throughout a rape that left her bloodied. At a different Arkansas hotel, he caught sight of a minor state employee named Paula Jones, and, Jones said, he sent a couple of state troopers to invite her to his suite, where he exposed his penis to her and told her to kiss it. Kathleen Willey said that she met him in the Oval Office for personal and professional advice and that he groped her, rubbed his erect penis on her, and pushed her hand to his crotch.It was a pattern of behavior; it included an alleged violent assault; the women involved had far more credible evidence than many of the most notorious accusations that have come to light in the past five weeks. But Clinton was not left to the swift and pitiless justice that today s accused men have experienced. Rather, he was rescued by a surprising force: machine feminism. The movement had by then ossified into a partisan operation, and it was willing eager to let this friend of the sisterhood enjoy a little droit de seigneur.The Atlantic went on to point out an op-ed by the so-called  Champion of women s rights  Gloria Steinem, where she slut-shamed and bashed the women who dared to come forward and accuse Bill Clinton of rape and other forms of criminal sexual assault.The notorious 1998 New York Times op-ed by Gloria Steinem must surely stand as one of the most regretted public actions of her life. It slut-shamed, victim-blamed, and age-shamed; it urged compassion for and gratitude to the man the women accused.Called  Feminists and the Clinton Question,  it was written in March of 1998 when Paula Jones s harassment claim was working its way through court. It was printed seven days after Kathleen Willey s blockbuster 60 Minutes interview with Ed Bradley. If all the various allegations were true, wrote Steinem, Bill Clinton was  a candidate for sex addiction therapy.  To her mind, the most  credible  accusations were those of Willey, who she noted was  old enough to be Monica Lewinsky s mother.  And then she wrote the fatal sentences that invalidated the new understanding of workplace sexual harassment as a moral and legal wrong:  Even if the allegations are true, the President is not guilty of sexual harassment. He is accused of having made a gross, dumb, and reckless pass at a supporter during a low point in her life. She pushed him away, she said, and it never happened again. In other words, President Clinton took  no  for an answer. Steinem said the same was true of Paula Jones. These were not crimes; they were  passes.  Broaddrick was left out by Steinem, who revealed herself as a combination John and Bobby Kennedy of the feminist movement: the fair-haired girl and the bare-knuckle fixer. The widespread liberal response to the sex-crime accusations against Bill Clinton found their natural consequence 20 years later in the behavior of Harvey Weinstein: Stay loudly and publicly and extravagantly on the side of signal leftist causes and you can do what you want in the privacy of your offices and hotel rooms. But the mood of the country has changed. We are in a time when old monuments are coming down and men are losing their careers over things they did to women a long time ago.When more than a dozen women stepped forward and accused Leon Wieseltier of a serial and decades-long pattern of workplace sexual harassment, he said,  I will not waste this reckoning.  It was textbook Wieseltier: the insincere promise and the perfectly chosen word. The Democratic Party needs to make its own reckoning of the way it protected Bill Clinton. The party needs to come to terms with the fact that it was so enraptured by their brilliant, Big Dog president and his stunning string of progressive accomplishments that it abandoned some of its central principles. The party was on the wrong side of history, and there are consequences for that. Yet expedience is not the only reason to make this public accounting. If it is possible for politics and moral behavior to coexist, then this grave wrong needs to be acknowledged. If Weinstein and Mark Halperin and Louis C. K. and all the rest can be held accountable, so can our former president and so can his party, which so many Americans so desperately need to rise again.Watch Gloria Steinem several years after writing the op-ed where she shamed Bill s victims, helping to celebrate Hillary s birthday while honoring the woman who threatened the women bravely stepped forward to expose her sexually abusive husband Bill Clinton.Grant J. Kidney s video that he posted to Twitter, really shows the slow, but necessary admission by the leftist media, that they too, bear responsibility for shaming Bill Clinton s victims, simply because believing them, or giving them any kind of credibility, would ve harmed the  Democrat Party they are beholden to. Fake News CNN admits that Bill Clinton is a rapist. Attorney General Jeff Sessions must launch an immediate criminal probe into the dirty dealings of the Clinton Foundation as well as into the sexually perverted past of former President Bill Clinton.   pic.twitter.com/oVUHn1LPej  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) November 14, 2017Who can forget how the media attacked Donald Trump for bringing up the allegations of sexual abuse by Bill Clinton s abusers during his debate with Hillary? Will the media apologize to President Trump, now that they ve come to the conclusion they are as guilty as the Democrat Party for hiding decades of sexual abuse, and then criticizing Trump for defending Bill and Hillary s victims?For anyone who is wondering if Gloria Steinem has had a change of heart, after having a significant time to reflect on her defense of the Clinton Crime family and slut-shaming Bill s innocent victims, you don t need to wonder anymore. On October 20, 2017, Gloria Steinem announced that she will be warding that Hillary Clinton would be the first recipient of her  Wonder Woman Award. The Women s Media Center, co-founded by feminist Gloria Steinem, told us that it is giving the latest Democratic presidential candidate its first  Wonder Woman Award  for her  extraordinary accomplishments  and public service. Like Wonder Woman, she seems to have superhuman strength, resilience, and courage,  said the group in a reference to the famous comic and TV character. Hillary Clinton s actions have inspired and protected women and men on every continent,  said Steinem.  She has battled negative forces and helped to maintain a fragile peace with her negotiating skill on behalf of this country and peace-seekers everywhere. She has handled all this with grace, grit, determination, integrity, humor and fortitude while remaining a steadfast feminist, advocate, activist, sister and tireless leader in the revolution. With this award, the Women s Media Center declares Hillary Clinton our Wonder Woman.   The Washington Examiner ",0
9432,WATCH JOE BIDEN’S Shocking Anti-Gun Comment About Texas Hero Who Stopped Gunman [Video],"Joe Biden is thinking about running for POTUS in 2020 but this type of anti-gun comment is a huge deal breaker for voters If Biden had used common sense he would realize that the Texas hero stopped the gunman from proceeding with any more deaths when he used his weapon Does Biden believe that if you outlaw a certain type of gun that they won t be out there anymore? Two words: Bill Clinton Joe Biden says that the man who stopped the Texas church shooter should not have been armed. pic.twitter.com/pY3hBHPHuX  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) November 14, 2017Joe Biden:  Well, first of all, the kind of gun being carried he shouldn t be carrying,  Biden said.  Assault weapons are I wrote the last serious gun control law that was written and was law for 10 years, and it outlawed assault weapons and it outlawed weapons with magazines that had a whole lot of bullets and so you can kill a whole lot of people a lot more quickly. Joe Biden wants to run? Not gonna happen if he starts to go down this path Remember gun sales always skyrocket when there is an effort to ban them. The left s logic on this is upside down. Just because you ban guns or put a sign up banning them in a public place does not mean that people will obey them. The hero who shot the gunman was a brave American! Shame on Joe Biden!",0
9433,JUST IN: Trump Just Spoke Out On Fate Of UCLA Basketball Players Detained In China [Video],"President Trump just spoke out on the fate of the UCLA basketball players who were accused of shoplifting sunglasses while in China: On Air Force One, Pres Trump told the press pool he intervened with Pres Xi about 3 UCLA basketball players being held in China on suspicion of shoplifting.  What they did was unfortunate. You know, you re talking about very long prison sentences. They do not play games. ""It's a very, very rough situation with what happened to them,"" Pres. Trump says on UCLA basketball players detained in China https://t.co/YlcP8wTJ9G pic.twitter.com/Lh9hXfILCC  CBS News (@CBSNews) November 14, 2017THEY RE FLYING HOME   LUCKY GUYS!UCLA team returns from China without arrested players https://t.co/Xv6VXSTS5j pic.twitter.com/t3ymusgy7V  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) November 14, 2017CBS Local reported:Three UCLA basketball players accused of shoplifting in China may be on their way back to Los Angeles.Freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Jalen Hill and Cody Riley were seen checking into a Delta flight bound for Los Angeles at Shanghai s Pudong International Airport, according to the Wall Street Journal.The development comes just hours after President Donald Trump told reporters he had a long conversation on the matter with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. They re working on it right now,  Trump told reporters in the Philippines as he prepared to return to Washington after a nearly two-week visit to Asia that included an earlier stop in Beijing.The UCLA freshmen were detained last week for questioning about allegations of shoplifting before a recent game against Georgia Tech in Shanghai. The UCLA team returned to the U.S. without them on Saturday.According to reports, there is surveillance footage of the players shoplifting from three stores inside a high-end retail center next to their hotel.These three are very lucky to be going home:",0
9434,ANTIFA TRANSGENDER HARASSES Gun Store Owner But Finds It’s Not So Easy [Video],"A transgender ANTIFA wannabe throws Bibles and thinks Gadsden flag is for Nazis at Private Sector Arms in Olympia, Washington This nasty person realizes it s not so easy to harass this guy.We know that Olympia is a liberal area but this is out of control THE IRONIC THING IS THAT ANTIFA WAS ASKING ITS MEMBERS TO ARM THEMSELVES: ANTIFA Terror Group INFILTRATED Transgender Leader: Use  Knives To Stab  Opponents Have  AK-47 s Ready  To Shut Down Free SpeechSteven Crowder is an amazing and ALWAYS unafraid conservative comedian. He was present at the union battle for  Right To Work  in Michigan where he was famously punched in the face by a union thug, when he confronted union thugs and demanded they stop cutting down a massive tent with pro-Right-to-Work conservatives inside (including an elderly woman who was trapped inside, while in a wheelchair when the tent was cut down).Crowder is one of unafraid to take on the Islamification of our schools and small towns, while government officials and liberals persecute Christians and Christian groups in America. Crowder is also passionate about exposing the dangers of political correctness. Crowder uses his very popular videos to prove undeniable facts that support our free speech and gun rights.Steven Crowder s latest project should be on every news network across America, however, you will likely only find this blockbuster video confirming that Antifa is indeed, a domestic terror group on conservative sites like ours or on Twitter and other social media platforms. That s because the media has been going out of their way to  soften  the image of ANTIFA. They ve been working in unison to make ANTIFA look like a bunch of rabble-rousers who are simply helping to eradicate speech that Americans the Left doesn t agree with. They re just a group of concerned citizens who want to defeat Nazism Trump supporters in America.  The leftist media has been begging their viewers to see things from ANTIFA s point of view after all, they re just a group of non-violent violent kids looking to solve the problems of the world through passionate activism violence, intimidation and yes, domestic terrorism.Watch ABC Nightline  journalist  Dan Harris  gut-wrenching reaction to the video that clearly exposes ANTIFA as a domestic terror group:",0
9435,SHOCKING COMMENTS AGAINST TRUMP Expose Intelligence Committee’s Schiff: ‘He doesn’t put the country first’ [Video],"It s a given that any Democrat from California is going to be against President Trump but this guy is through the roof against Trump to the point where he s seething with bitterness. PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS GUY IS PART OF THE COMMITTEE INVESTIGATING TRUMP!I just happened to see this interview and could not believe my ears! Not only are they over the top with the bashing of our president but they are lying through their teeth!Here s exactly what President Trump said about Putin: What I said is, I believe Putin believes that,  Trump said at the press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam.  I believe that he feels that he and Russia did not meddle in the election. As to whether I believe it or not, I m with our agencies, especially as currently constituted, with their leadership. I believe in our intel agencies. I ve worked with them very strongly Rep. Adam Schiff (D. Calif.) said on Monday that President Donald Trump is putting Russian President Vladimir Putin before the interests of the United States. Schiff, Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, agreed with the  Andrea Mitchell Reports  host and argued Trump insinuated with his comments that the intelligence agencies are political and can t be trusted ADAM SCHIFF NEEDS TO GO! He s saying basically    you just can t trust them because they re part of a political establishment, but now I ve got my own political establishment. I m doing my own politicization of the intelligence agencies so now I can rely on them,'  Schiff said. That s a horrible message that nobody within the IC intelligence community believes or accepts, but it denigrates the agencies nonetheless,  Schiff continued.  This is just how he operates. Schiff said Trump is trying to portray the message that everything that came before him was  awful, and bad, and wrong,  and  now everything is great. THE COMMENT BELOW IS UNBELIEVABLE AND A TOTAL LIE: He doesn t put the country first   He s putting Vladimir Putin first,  Schiff said.  He s putting his own that is, Donald Trump s own narrow, personal self-interest before the country, and that is a terrible quality to have in the President of the United States. Read more: WFB",0
9436,LOL! HOLLYWOOD Announces Name Of New Awards Show To Replace The Oscars…And It’s HILARIOUS!,"Since most of the actors and producers in Hollywood will either be in treatment, or out of a job, for sexually harassing, or abusing women, men and children in the industry, the Academy Awards show will be taking on a new theme this year.Now that the culture of rot in Hollywood has been exposed, there will be a new awards ceremony to replace the once prestigious Academy Awards show.  The new show will be called the  Biggest Groper Awards , and it will honor the creeps in Hollywood, who for decades sexually abused anyone in their paths while fawning over the politics of the most well-known sexual predator to ever roam the halls of the White House. The award will also pay homage to all of the celebrities who recently supported Hillary s campaign for President, the woman who gave Bill Clinton the green light to sexually assault multiple women, while she threatened to harm any of the women who dared to come forward.*Harvey Weinstein-Hollywood kingpin ProducerLouis CK- Comedian/Filmmaker Ben Affleck-Actor George W. Bush Sr-Former President Kevin Spacey   Actor James Toback   Hollywood Screenwriter Chris Savino   Creator of Nickelodeon s  The Loud House  Roy Price   Head of Amazon Studios John Besh   Celebrity Chef Mark Halperin   ABC News Journalist Micheal Oreskes   Top Editor at NPR (National Public Radio) Lockhart Steele   Editorial Director at Vox Media Adam Venit   Head Agent of motion picture group WME Steven Seagal   Actor Charlie Sheen   Actor Jeremy Piven    Entourage  Actor Ed Westwick    Gossip Girl  Actor Dustin Hoffman   Oscar-winning Actor Matthew Weiner   Creator of AMC s  Mad Men  Andy Dick   Former  NewsRadio  star/Actor Brett Ratnor    Rush Hour  Producer/Director David Blaine   Magician David Guillod    Atomic Blonde  Producer Robert Knepper    Transporter 3  Actor John Singleton   Oscar-nominated DirectorUnhonorable-mention to Harvey Weinstein s brother, Bob Weinstein, who is under investigation for sexually harassing Spike TV  The Mist  showrunner Amanda Segel.  The Source*We hate to have to do this, but this article is satire. There will not be a  Groper Award  given to the most disgusting sexual predator in Hollywood, created in the likeness of the accused rapist, and serial sexual predator, former President Bill Clinton.",0
9437,WOW! JEB BUSH Claims Roy Moore Should “Step Aside” On Same Day SIXTH Woman Accuses George HW Bush Of Sexual Assault: Groped Her When She “Was A Child”,"Monday on CNBC, former Gov. Jeb Bush (R-FL) said due to the sexual misconduct accusations leveled against former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, he should step aside in his campaign for the U.S. Senate.Bush said,  This is not a question of innocence or guilt like in a criminal proceeding, this is a question of what s right and what s wrong. Acknowledging that you re dating teenagers when you re 32-years old as assistant state attorney is wrong. It s just plain wrong.   Breitbart NewsWatch:Texas woman Roslyn Corrigan claims that former President George H.W. Bush groped her when she was just 16 years old.According to Corrigan, the groping occurred in November of 2003 at an event in The Woodlands, Texas. This is the sixth woman to publicly accuse the 41st president of grabbing her butt without consent.Speaking to Time magazine, Corrigan, who is now in her early 30s, said,  My initial action was absolute horror. I was really, really confused. The first thing I did was look at my mom and, while he was still standing there, I didn t say anything,  she said.  What does a teenager say to the ex-president of the United States? Like,  Hey dude, you shouldn t have touched me like that? Like the other five incidents, Corrigan claims it happened when she was posing with Bush for a photograph. Bush was then 79 years old. As soon as the picture was being snapped on the one-two-three he dropped his hands from my waist down to my buttocks and gave it a nice, ripe squeeze, which would account for the fact that in the photograph my mouth is hanging wide open,  Corrigan told Time.  I was like,  Oh my goodness, what just happened?    Breitbart ",0
9438,JUDGE ROY MOORE BLASTS Latest Accuser’s Press Conference With Same Liberal Lawyer Who Tried To Take Down Trump: “I Don’t Even Know The Woman”,"Even though the media and the their allies in the Democrat Party are maniacly focused on doing whatever it takes to bring down the popular Alabama GOP Senate candidate, only one month before the election, Judge Roy Moore still has a sizable lead in the most recent polls.Accusations from four decades ago, by women that range from a woman who worked for Hillary and promotes Democrat candidate for Senate, Doug Ross on Facebook, to a woman who has a history of accusing several pastors of sexual misconduct are suddenly coming out of the woodwork.One of Moore s accusers, Leigh Corfman apparently has a history of claiming pastors made sexual advances on her.Purportedly Moore s main accuser Leigh Corfman has had three divorces, filed for bankruptcy three times, and has been charged with multiple misdemeanors.Posts on Moore's FB page indicate that Corfman, has claimed several pastors at various churches made sexual advances at her.  James Hirsen (@thejimjams) November 10, 2017Another one of Moore s accusers Debbie Wesson Gibson wasn t clever enough to delete postings from her Facebook page that show she s a Hillary supporter, she hates President Trump and oh yeah, she asks her friends (more than once) to vote for Moore s Democrat opponent, Doug Ross.Today, leftist media whore, Gloria Allred marched another accuser, Beverly Young Nelson, out in front of the cameras with a four decades old story about how she was sexually assaulted by Roy Moore. This time, however, Roy Moore, and his wife Kayla are not just sitting back and watching his reputation be destroyed by the liberal machine. Watch, as Moore and his wife come out swinging, at the lies being told by the latest accuser. Roy Moore tells the crowd of his supporters and the media,  I don t even know the woman. I don t even know where the restaurant was or is. :Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore and his wife, Kayla Moore, react to new sexual misconduct allegations brought against him by an Alabama woman, Beverly Young Nelson, who claims Moore assaulted her when she was 16 years old pic.twitter.com/FSJlntUant  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) November 14, 2017Moore s wife Kayla, who is planning to sue the Washington Post, reminded her friends on Facebook that the media whore lawyer Gloria Allred tried the same stunt with Donald Trump only months before the election:Gloria Allred is currently under two separate bar investigations for alleged misconduct:Anti-Trump Celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred is under two bar investigations https://t.co/OzbyYWaHLD via @MailOnline  Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) November 13, 2017Yesterday, this letter was published by dozens of pastors, who came to the defense of Judge Roy Moore:Pastor s LetterDear friends and fellow Alabamians, For decades, Roy Moore has been an immovable rock in the culture wars   a bold defender of the  little guy,  a just judge to those who came before his court, a warrior for the unborn child, defender of the sanctity of marriage, and a champion for religious liberty. Judge Moore has stood in the gap for us, taken the brunt of the attack, and has done so with a rare, unconquerable resolve. As a consequence of his unwavering faith in God and his immovable convictions for Biblical principles, he was ousted as Chief Justice in 2003. As a result, he continued his life pursuit by starting the Foundation for Moral Law, which litigates religious liberty cases around our Nation. After being re-elected again to Chief Justice in 2012, by an overwhelming majority, he took another round of persecution for our faith as he stood up for the sanctity of marriage between one man and one woman. You can know a man by his enemies, and he s made plenty   from the radical organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center and the ACLU to the liberal media and a handful of establishment politicians from Washington. He has friends too, a lot of them. They live all across this great State, work hard all week, and fill our pews on Sunday. They know him as a father, a grandfather, a man who loves God s Word and knows much of it by heart, a man who cares for the people, a man who understands our Constitution in the tradition of our Founding Fathers, and a man who deeply loves America. It s no wonder the Washington establishment has declared all-out war on his campaign. We are ready to join the fight and send a bold message to Washington: dishonesty, fear of man, and immorality are an affront to our convictions and our Savior and we won t put up with it any longer. We urge you to join us at the polls to cast your vote for Roy Moore. In your service, Dr. Tom Ford, III, Pastor, Grace Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Stan Cooke, Kimberly Church of God, Kimberly, Alabama Pastor Jonathan Rodgers, Dothan, Alabama Pastor Joseph Smith, Pine Air Baptist Church, Grand Bay Alabama Dr. David E. Gonnella, Pastor, Theodore, Alabama Pastor Mike Allison, Madison, Alabama Dr. Terry Batton, Christian Renewal and Development Ministries, Eufaula, Alabama Pastors Tim and Elizabeth Hanson, Smiths Station, Alabama Pastor Mark Liddle, Dominion Baptist Church, Birmingham, Alabama Pastor Steve Sanders, Victory Baptist Church, Millbrook, Alabama Dr. Richard Fox, retired Baptist pastor Dr. Randy Cooper, Pastor, Warrior, Alabama William Green, Minister, Fresh Anointing House of Worship, Montgomery, Alabama Maurice McCaney, Victory Christian Fellowship Church, Florence, Alabama Pastor Jamie Holcomb, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Paul Elliott, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Rodney Gilmore, Covenant Christian, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Mark Gidley, Faith Worship Center, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Bill Snow, Edgewood Church, Anniston, Alabama Pastor Michael Yates, Webster s Chapel, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Mark Holden, Webster s Chapel, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Joshua Copeland, Pleasant Ridge Baptist Church, Anniston, Alabama Pastor Bruce Jenkins, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Keith Bond, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Jim Lester, Fannin Road Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Thad Endicott, Heritage Baptist Church, Opelika, Alabama Bishop Fred and Tijuanna Adetunji, Fresh Anointing House of Worship, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor David Floyd, Marvyn Parkway Baptist Church, Opelika, Alabama Pastor Bruce Word, Freedom Church, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Paul Hubbard, Lakeview Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Rev. Carl Head, Lakeview Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Duwayne Bridges, Jr., Fairfax First Christian Church, Valley, Alabama Rev. Edwin Roberts, Adams Street Church of Christ, Enterprise, Alabama Pastor John McCrummen, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Rev. Mickey Counts, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Rev. Alex Pagen, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Pastor Glenn Brock, Eufaula, Alabama Rev. Tim Head, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor/Elder Ted Phillips, Christ Church, Odenville, Alabama Tim Yarbrough, Elder, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Pastor Myron Mooney, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Jerry Frank, Elder, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Pastor Jim Nelson, Church of the Living God, Moulton, Alabama Pastor Earl Wise, Millbrook, Alabama Rick and Beverly Simpson, Summit Holiness Church, Alabama Pastor Lane Simmons and Margie Dale Simmons, First Assembly of God, Greenville Alabama Rev. Charles Morris, Pastor Grace Way Fellowship, Evergreen Alabama Dr. George Grant, Pastor, Parish Presbyterian Church Pastor David Whitney, Cornerstone Church Dr. Peter and Roseann Waldron, St. Francis Anglican Church Pastor Franklin and Mrs. Pamela Raddish, Capitol Hill Independent Baptist Ministries Dr. Michael Peroutka, Institute on the Constitution Reverend Bill Owens, Coalition of African American Pastors **Church names are listed for identification purposes onlyAfter the dust settles around what appears to be a coordinated assault by the left to destroy a man who they fear will take Jeff Sessions Senate seat in December, the voters in Alabama will have to decide who they believe.  ",0
9439,‘BUBBA’ BAFFLES With Claim Of Very Few Murders By Muslims…How Influx of Muslims Has ‘Deeply Enriched’ Us [Video]," Bubba  Bill Clinton celebrated his election 25 years ago at very liberal  Georgetown University. He made the usual slams against President Trump that we expect nowadays and then turned to gun violence in America He bemoaned the state of gun violence and then he pivoted to made this very baffling claim about Muslims and  native-born  Americans:President Clinton also said:  In spite of the horrible killings in San Bernardino and Fort Hood, and what happened in New York City just a few days ago, the aggregate murder rate of Muslims is one third that of the native-born. How many people know that? If all your neighbours knew it, would it make a difference? How nice except it s NOT TRUE!(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Bill Clinton: 'Good news is important to make good decisions' The aggregate murder rate of Muslims is one third that of the native born. How many people know that?""Bill Clinton gives his view that when talking about immigration ""good news is important to make good decisions .Posted by Channel 4 News on Tuesday, November 7, 2017It s an eye-catching statistic. But we can t find any evidence that it s true.channel4 reported:President Clinton appears to be blurring two different concepts when he talks about a  murder rate of Muslims  compared to  the native-born . He is confusing religion with immigration status here, and the two groups are not mutually exclusive. Clearly, you can be a native-born American Muslim. So it s not absolutely clear what he means, but we can only presume from the context that he is saying Muslims   perhaps Muslim immigrants specifically   are less likely to murder people than others.There are two official sources of national homicide statistics in the US: the FBI and the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Neither of these organisations records the religion of the offender. So it s not possible to construct a  murder rate of Muslims  from official figures.So did Clinton just read this and deduce what he wanted to or did some low level staffer offer this as fact? we ll probably never know but this calls attention to the blithering BS that the Clinton grifters dole out on a regular basis. Another recent gem was on a late-night talk show where he claimed that we must fill America with more third world refugees so we can truly feel sufficiently diverse as a nation What is he smoking? Our State Department has issued over 30,000 foreign visas to people from terror-sponsored nations since 2007. Yes, we re covered up in Muslim refugees We get it: The goal is to change America s demographic which will change elections so more democrats will win Correct? It s that  fundamental  change Obama was working on for 8 years open borders, refugees, diversity lottery We get it and that s why we voted for Donald Trump .JUST LISTEN TO THIS GLOBALIST ELITIST CONTINUE THE NARRATIVE THAT MASS MIGRATION IS GREAT:Does he really believe this? We don t know if he does but we do know that he wants YOU to believe it so the Dems will have more votes and cheap labor. Yes, those Democrats they really have your back, don t they?Read more: channel4",0
9440,"LOL! KEURIG CEO APOLOGIZES After Customers Boycott and SMASH Coffee Makers…Unfortunately, The Apology Isn’t For Keurig Customers","When Keurig decided to side with Soros against Sean Hannity and Roy Moore s right to defend himself against serious, and shady sex allegations, they released a genie that they re not going to be able to put back in the bottle Three days ago, a Twitter user by the name of Angelo Carusone tried to shame Keurig for adverising on the Sean Hannity Show after Sean interviewed the Repbulican Alabama Senate candidate, Roy Moore, allowing him to tell his side of the story, after 4 women came forward 4 decades later to announce that he sexually abused them when they were teens. The stories of at least 2 of his accusers have been unraveling after non-mainstream media uncovered that one of the anti-Trump accusers worked for Hillary and openly promoted Moore s Democrat opponent on her Facebook page. The mother of another accuser is challenging the truth behind the Washington Post s hit story as well.Curiously, the person who sent the tweet that Keurig responded to is none other than Angelo Carusone, the president of GEORGE SOROS  Media Matters of America. Here is Carusone s  tweet to Keurig.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Hannity followers were quick to defend the Fox News host, while calling for a boycott against Keurig:Throwing my Keurig unit and all the coffee in the trash was the first thing I did today after getting back to London where I base. @seanhannity made it very clear he was NOT defending Moore and his exclusive interview was not to clear him BUT to interrogate him thoroughly.  Jenifer Stevens (@JeniferStevens) November 12, 2017Twitter users like Kaya, slammed Keurig for thir decision to pull their advertising from the Sean Hannity show:Well good luck with the people. We don t support companies who play politics @Keurig Should have stayed neutral! @seanhannity has an army behind him. You ll see that this holiday season #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/Z0dcxupyTo  KAYA (@KayaJones) November 12, 2017Even actor James Woods got into the game of helping to boycott Keurig on social media with this hilarious tweet:You re going to be so unhappy you made this decision. #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/VFHm4VVZuZ  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 13, 2017Watch:Join me & @AngeloJohnGage in the #KeurigSmashChallenge & learn how to crush your drives as a bonus.#BoycottKeurig#IStandWithHannity#BuyBlackRifleCoffee#MAGA pic.twitter.com/WH3unkpADI  Snoop Bailey (@vol80) November 12, 2017Another conservative Twitter user, Colin Rugg posted a video of a Keurig Green Mountain coffee maker being dropped over the railing from the second story of a apratment building. The tweet was accompanied by a message asking Twitter users to retweet the video to  offend a liberal . Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building. Please retweet to offend a liberal. Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building.Please retweet to offend a Liberal.#BoycottKeurigpic.twitter.com/0qbHlmyqcA  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) November 12, 2017This video is hiarious, but comes with a ***Language Warning***. Black Rifle coffee company is a company dedicated to selling coffee that s produced and sold by American veterans.  Fresh roasted freedom . To order Black Rifle coffee, go HERE :#BoycottKeurig Make Coffee Great Again! #StandWithVets BUY #BlackRifleCoffee Stay woke with patriotism, guns and a double shot of humor. #SundayFunday #StandWithHannitypic.twitter.com/2hTpojmF35   gh -or- c  (@NiaMAGA3X) November 12, 2017Keurig CEO Bob Gamgort apologized to his employees on Monday for ostensibly  taking sides  in a Media Matters-led boycott of Sean Hannity s advertisers.Media Matters president Angelo Carusone spent his weekend tweeting at Hannity s advertisers and falsely accusing the Fox News host of defending sexual predators. Hannity has said repeatedly that Senate candidate Roy Moore has no place in politics if the allegations that he is a predator are true.In a memo leaked to Erik Wemple of The Washington Post, Keurig s Gamgort apologized to his employees for the way the situation was handled. The decision to publicly communicate our programming decision via our Twitter account was highly unusual,  Gamgort wrote.  This gave the appearance of  taking sides  in an emotionally charged debate that escalated on Twitter and beyond over the weekend, which was not our intent. Gamgort assured the employees that it was outside of protocol for Keurig to announce the ad pulls on Twitter and would make sure  this never happens again. I apologize for any negativity you experienced as a result of this situation and assure you that we will learn and improve going forward,  he stated.  Daily Caller ",0
9441,SOMALI IMMIGRANT Charged With Multiple Stabbings At Mall of America Has Interesting Meaning Behind His Islamic Name,"Minnesota is home to the largest number of Somali immigrants in America.  Census numbers put the state s Somali s population at about 40,000, but community activists have said it s higher. The largest share of that group has settled in the Minneapolis area, including one neighborhood near the University of Minnesota campus that s been dubbed  Little Mogadishu.  But significant numbers have also settled in St. Cloud, Willmar and other smaller cities.Being home to the largest number of Somali immigrants in America doesn t come without a price WND   For the second time in just over a year, a Somali  refugee  has stabbed shoppers with a knife at a Minnesota mall.The first case, on Sept. 17, 2016, was a clear act of jihad when Dahir Adan injured 10 people in the Macy s at the Crossroads Center Mall in St. Cloud after asking his victims, chosen at random, if they were Muslim.But on Sunday night a man identified as Mahad Abdiaziz Abdirahman, 20, of Minneapolis stabbed two men at the Mall of America after they tried to stop him from stealing clothes inside the dressing room at Macy s.His middle name, Abdiaziz, means  the slave of Allah the master,  a native Arabic speaker told WND.His first name, Mahad, means  the one who preaches and invites people to Islam. Wow! Talk about the perfect ambassdor for Islam According to the NYP, Abdirahaman sneaked into a men s fitting room at the Minnesota mall and tried to swipe something from a customer s belongings while the man was outside the fitting room modeling clothes for his family. But he caught Abdirahaman in the act, and the would-be thief pulled a knife and stabbed him, authorities said.Hearing the victim s screams, his family rushed to his aid, but Abdirahaman slashed a second person before they could wrest the knife from him.The scuffle and ensuing response by police freaked out nearby shoppers waiting in line for their kids to see Santa.Violence by Somali immigrants against Minneapolis residents is nothing new to people who have watched the Somali population explode in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area.Last year, we reported about a mob of up to 30 young Somali men paraded through one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last week, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.Go HERE for video to see homeowner tell her horrifying story. ",0
9442,JUST IN: Anti-Putin Banker Claims Firm Tied To Clinton Campaign Assisted Russians In Effort ‘To Have Me Imprisoned And Killed’,"One of the many targets of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS is accusing them of assisting the Kremlin in its effort to have him  imprisoned and killed. The strong allegation comes from Bill Browder, a London-based banker who spearheaded the Magnitsky Act, a sanctions law vehemently opposed by the Russian government.Browder made the allegation in response to the recent revelation that Fusion GPS and its founder Glenn Simpson compiled what he says is false information about him that was given to Yuri Chaika, Russia s prosecutor general, and to Donald Trump Jr. during the infamous June 2016 Trump Tower meeting. If it is true that Glenn Simpson was supplying information about me to the Russian government, it s far more serious than smear campaigning or Foreign Agents Registration Act violations,  said Browder, the head of Hermitage Capital. It would mean that Simpson was assisting the Putin regime in their plot to get me back to Russia to have me imprisoned and killed.It was previously known that the Washington, D.C-based Fusion GPS s investigation of Browder was beneficial to the Russian government and its effort to reverse the Magnitsky Act. But it was revealed only last week that information Fusion collected on Browder was shared directly with Chaika, whose position is the Russian equivalent of the U.S. attorney general.Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian attorney who attended the Trump Tower meeting, is who provided both Chaika and Trump Jr. with the Fusion-generated information on Browder. She took a four-page report into the June 9, 2016 Trump Tower meeting, which was attended by Jared Kushner and then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort.Veselnitskaya worked with Simpson, a former Wall Street Journal reporter, on the anti-Browder project. Reuters reported on Thursday that Simpson compiled the research for the Trump Tower memo. And NBC News reported on Friday that similar research put together by Simpson was given by Veselnitskaya to Chaika in Oct. 2015.Browder, who was born in Chicago but is a British citizen, is a target of the Kremlin s ire because of his role in pushing through the Magnitsky Act, which passed Congress in 2012. The Russian government recently issued an Interpol arrest in an attempt to apprehend Browder. Vladimir Putin reportedly approved the move against the 53-year-old money manager, who wrote a book about his travails called  Red Notice,  a reference to the term used for Interpol warrants.Fusion GPS, which is based in Washington, D.C., became involved in the Browder matter after being hired by BakerHostetler, a law firm representing Denis Katsyv, a Russian businessman who faced penalties because of the Magnitsky Act.Simpson worked closely on the investigation with the Moscow-based Veselnitskaya, who represents Katsyv and his firm, Prevezon Holdings.Veselnitskaya s affiliation with Simpson is one of the stranger story lines arising from both the Trump Tower meeting and the dossier, which was funded by the Clinton campaign and DNC.Theories have circulated that Fusion GPS arranged the Trump Tower meeting in order to compromise the Trump campaign or that Simpson relayed details of the meeting provided by Veselnitskaya to Christopher Steele, the former British spy who wrote the dossier.Fusion was being paid for its dossier work at the same time it was being paid by BakerHostetler to investigate Browder.Adding even more fuel to those theories was a report this week that Simpson and Veselnitskaya met just before and just after she attended the Trump Tower session:BUSTED! MEETING BETWEEN FUSION GPS AND RUSSIAN LAWYER BEFORE AND AFTER:The co-founder of Fusion GPS, the firm behind the unverified Trump dossier, met with a Russian lawyer before and after a key meeting she had last year with Trump Jr. The contacts shed new light on how closely tied the firm was to Russian interests, at a time when it was financing research to discredit then-candidate Donald Trump.The opposition research firm has faced renewed scrutiny after litigation revealed that the DNC and Hillary Clinton s campaign paid for that research. Congressional Republicans have since questioned whether that politically financed research contributed to the FBI s investigation of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign   making Fusion s 2016 contacts with Russian interests all the more relevant.DNC MONEY FUNNELED THROUGH LAW FIRM TO FUSION GPS?The June 2016 Trump Tower meeting involving Donald Trump Jr. and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya occurred during a critical period. Bank records show Fusion GPS was paid by a law firm for work on behalf of a Kremlin-linked oligarch while paying a former British spy Christopher Steele to dig up dirt on Trump through his Russian contacts.But hours before the Trump Tower meeting on June 9, 2016, Fusion co-founder and ex-Wall Street Journal reporter Glenn Simpson was with Veselnitskaya in a Manhattan federal courtroom. Court records show email correspondence and published reports corroborate the pair s presence together. They also were together after the Trump Tower meeting.Read more: Fox NewsRead more: Daily Caller",0
9443,AWESOME! Conservative Artist Crashes Anti-Trump Art Show…Shocks Liberal Crowd,"Our favorite conservative street artist Sabo crashed an anti-Trump art exhibition in Los Angeles Saturday night, displaying a work of art of his own to the astonished crowd:VIDEO: SABO HOISTS THE MAGA   JOLLY ROGER AT SHEPARD FAIREY'S ART EVENT ""DAMAGED."" https://t.co/g4QbtnMqWh  unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) November 13, 2017If you re not familiar with Sabo, he is a fearless artist whose edgy artwork gets the point across in a BIG way! The sign below reads: THE DEPLORABLES MAGA 2020Remember the artist, Shepard Fairey, whose optimistic  Hope  poster of Barack Obama went viral in 2008? There s no denying that the Fairey poster raised Obama s cool factor a few notches with the artsy LA crowd and the urban hipsters. We guess you can say that this artist is a little responsible for the  HOPELESS  8 YEAR TERM OF OBAMA SABO CRASHES OBAMA ARTIST S NEW EXHIBITION:Well, he was debuting his new exhibition,  Damaged,  Saturday night in L.A. According to HuffPost, the show is his largest to date and features printmaking, sculpture, painting, mixed media, collage, and more.For a guy who preaches against capitalism, this Obama artist sure is making lots of dough Sabo even called him out on it in a series of tweets below. Fairey is milking his Obama-fame for every last drop he can get from the liberal elitists in Hollywood.Fairey reportedly created his  We the People  series specifically to protest President Trump: The state of our society is damaged,  Fairey stated at a press preview of the exhibition on Friday.  I know it sounds pretty dire, but acknowledging that we need to do better is the first step. Sabo, for one, believes Fairey needs to do better . MINE WAS THE ONLY REAL PUNK ART THERE,  the street artist proclaimed on Twitter Sunday. He added that his MAGA flag was taken down after about 30 minutes.  SABO SAD,  he said.  MAGA   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!! Sabo also tweeted:  THERE WERE SO MANY D***** BAGS AT THE SHEPARD FAIREY SHOW LAST NIGHT. IF YOU HAD DROPPED A BOMB ON THE SHOW 3/4 OF THE YOUNG D***** BAGS IN LA WOULD HAVE BEEN KILLED. Fairey, a critic of the  underpinnings of the capitalist machine,  admitted to capitalizing off of his art.  I critique capitalism   yes, I am selling prints, but yes I am also giving some away,  he said at a press event Friday.Via: PJMedia ",0
9444,WATCH: SEAN HANNITY FANS Make HILARIOUS Videos Showing How They Destroyed Their Keurig Coffee Makers…Sean Responds With Awesome Award For Best Video #BoycottKeurig,"When Keurig decided to side with Soros against Sean Hannity and Roy Moore s right to defend himself against serious, and shady sex allegations, they released a genie that they re not going to be able to put back in the bottle Three days ago, a Twitter user by the name of Angelo Carusone tried to shame Keurig for adverising on the Sean Hannity Show after Sean interviewed the Repbulican Alabama Senate candidate, Roy Moore, allowing him to tell his side of the story, after 4 women came forward 4 decades later to announce that he sexually abused them when they were teens. The stories of at least 2 of his accusers have been unraveling after non-mainstream media uncovered that one of the anti-Trump accusers worked for Hillary and openly promoted Moore s Democrat opponent on her Facebook page. The mother of another accuser is challenging the truth behind the Washington Post s hit story as well.Curiously, the person who sent the tweet that Keurig responded to is none other than Angelo Carusone, the president of GEORGE SOROS  Media Matters of America. Here is Carusone s tweet to Keurig.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Hannity followers were quick to defend him, while calling for a boycott against Keurig:Throwing my Keurig unit and all the coffee in the trash was the first thing I did today after getting back to London where I base. @seanhannity made it very clear he was NOT defending Moore and his exclusive interview was not to clear him BUT to interrogate him thoroughly.  Jenifer Stevens (@JeniferStevens) November 12, 2017Twitter users like Kaya, slammed Keurig for thir decision to pull their advertising from the Sean Hannity show:Well good luck with the people. We don t support companies who play politics @Keurig Should have stayed neutral! @seanhannity has an army behind him. You ll see that this holiday season #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/Z0dcxupyTo  KAYA (@KayaJones) November 12, 2017Even actor James Woods got into the game of helping to boycott Keurig on social media with this hilarious tweet:You re going to be so unhappy you made this decision. #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/VFHm4VVZuZ  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 13, 2017Watch:Join me & @AngeloJohnGage in the #KeurigSmashChallenge & learn how to crush your drives as a bonus.#BoycottKeurig#IStandWithHannity#BuyBlackRifleCoffee#MAGA pic.twitter.com/WH3unkpADI  Snoop Bailey (@vol80) November 12, 2017Another conservative Twitter user, Colin Rugg posted a video of a Keurig Green Mountain coffee maker being dropped over the railing from the second story of a apratment building. The tweet was accompanied by a message asking Twitter users to retweet the video to  offend a liberal . Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building. Please retweet to offend a liberal. Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building.Please retweet to offend a Liberal.#BoycottKeurigpic.twitter.com/0qbHlmyqcA  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) November 12, 2017This video is hiarious, but comes with a ***Language Warning***. Black Rifle coffee company is a company dedicated to selling coffee that s produced and sold by American veterans.  Fresh roasted freedom . To order Black Rifle coffee, go HERE :#BoycottKeurig Make Coffee Great Again! #StandWithVets BUY #BlackRifleCoffee Stay woke with patriotism, guns and a double shot of humor. #SundayFunday #StandWithHannitypic.twitter.com/2hTpojmF35   gh -or- c  (@NiaMAGA3X) November 12, 2017Here s another great video (Rap song accompanying video has language warning):I pulled an ""Office Space"" with my Keurig  Would be a shame if everyone else joined me in the Keurig Smash Challenge #BoycottKeurig #IStandWithHannity #SundayMorning pic.twitter.com/yEADeRC006  Angelo John Gage (@AngeloJohnGage) November 12, 2017Sean Hannity loved the videos so much, that he s buying 500 Keurig coffed makers for his followers toDeplorable friends, I am buying 500 coffee makers tomorrow to give away!! Details on radio and TV. Hint; best videos!!  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 13, 2017Apparently, Green Mountain Coffee (Keurig) is a top corporate sponsor to Senator Bernie Sanders:Keurig is a top corporate donor to Communist Senator Bernie Sanders pic.twitter.com/nP90rRLC4K  Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) November 13, 2017",0
9445,WEARING A PRO-TRUMP MAGA HAT in Hollywood is Dangerous…This Video Shows Just How Bad It Gets [Video],"THIS IS HORRIBLE LANGUAGE ALERT!Are you wondering how  free to be me  Hollyweird would react to a Trump hat-wearing person? Well, the video below tells us so much about the intolerance of the supposed  tolerant  Hollywood crowd:There is a disclaimer to the video by two brave souls Blaire White and her boyfriend Joey: We never did anything remotely inflammatory or investigative to anyone. The point of this video was simply to wear a conservative symbol in a very liberal area.This wasn t so easy Make America great again. That s bullsh*t!  one bystander shouted.  What do they represent? Make America white again. Blaire White who makes YouTube videos for conservatives, eventually runs into more trouble as a random stranger tosses a glass of wine in her face and runs away. You definitely can t wear a Trump hat in Hollywood,  said Joey as the two edit the video later at home.Sadly, White is one of the many conservative voices who have been demonetized by a YouTube run by progressive ideological thought-police.We ve contacted Blaire and hope to hear from her about this. We can t say enough great things about any American willing to get out there and push back against the intolerance of the left. Go Blaire!Read more: BPR",0
9446,TWO NEW POLLS Offer BAD NEWS For Democrats….Why Washington Post’s HIT JOB On Roy Moore May Have Backfired,"Last week, the Washington Post reported that after almost 4 decades, 4 women came forward to claim they were sexually abused as teenagers, by Roy Moore, the GOP candidate for senator in Alabama. Nevermind that for 4 decades they were silent about Moore s alleged behavior, and that only 4 weeks before the election, they all decided to confide in the leftist rag who just endorsed Moore s Democrat opponent, Doug Ross for Senate.It was discovered last week that one of the women who accused Roy Moore of sexual misconduct actually worked for Hillary as a  signer  at her campaign, openly trashed President Trump and pushed her friends to support Moore s opponent on her personal Facebook page.Meanwhile, the allegations against Moore continue to unravel, as the mother of Leigh Corfman, who says that Alabama Senatorial Candidate Roy Moore tried to engage in a sexual encounter with her when she was 14, told Breitbart News that the Washington Post worked to convince her daughter to give an interview about the allegations against Moore. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Corfman s mother, Nancy Wells, 71, further stated that her daughter would not have come forward if it weren t for The Post reporter s alleged actions.Earlier on Sunday, Breitbart News reported that Corfman s mother contradicted a key detail of Corfman s story. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Wells said that her daughter did not have a phone in her bedroom during the period that Moore is reported to have allegedly called Corfman   purportedly on Corfman s bedroom phone   to arrange at least one encounter.The Washington Post cited Corfman as remembering that she provided Moore with her number when she was 14. She said that she spoke to Moore from what she described as the phone in her bedroom.Today, the left got some very bad new about their hit job on Roy Moore it appears that polls show Alabama voters aren t buying it Breitbart News   Two new polls demonstrate that GOP nominee for the U.S. Senate Judge Roy Moore remains unaffected entirely by smears in the Washington Post against him, and his lead before the Post piece on Thursday afternoon remains intact. One of the polls, which were both provided by the pollster to Breitbart News exclusively on Saturday evening, was conducted on Thursday morning before the publication of the Post piece that afternoon. The second one was conducted on Saturday evening. Together, they show Judge Moore s lead over Democrat Doug Jones has been virtually unaffected since the Post story came out.The first survey, which was conducted entirely before noon local time on Thursday, shows Moore leading Jones by 50 percent to 39.2 percent with 10.8 percent undecided. That survey of 1,354 likely voters in the upcoming Dec. 12 special election has a margin of error of 3.5 percent.The second survey, conducted Saturday evening two days after the Post piece hit, roiling Alabama s political scene shows Moore and Jones with about the exact same percentages as before. Moore s position in this second poll is 49.8 percent meaning he only dropped 0.2 percent since the story hit and Jones has only picked up 0.4 percent to reach 39.6 percent total. The second survey, which polled 1,536 likely voters with a margin of error of 3.3 percent, has 10.5 percent as undecided. The polling between Thursday morning and Saturday showed far less movement than I originally expected,  pollster John Wahl told Breitbart News.  The controversy surrounding the Washington Post article seems to have galvanized the support of both candidates, but not changed the actual percentages in a significant manner. The Moore campaign has already weathered a considerable amount of political attacks during this campaign season, and I expect most of his lightest support to have blown off during these attacks. His current support level is holding fairly steady. Another liberal publication, The Hill, reported that Moore was losing in the polls to Jones after the hit piece on Moore was published in the Washington Post.The Hill -Democrat Doug Jones is leading Republican Roy Moore in Alabama s Senate race in the wake of explosive accusations of sexual misconduct against Moore, according to a new poll released Sunday.Forty-six percent of likely voters polled said they would vote for Jones, while 42 percent said they would vote for Moore, according to the Louisiana-based JMC Analytics and Polling.The survey was conducted on Nov. 9 and Nov. 11, after The Washington Post reported that a woman said Moore had initiated a sexual encounter with her in 1979, when she was 14 years old and he was 32.The RealClearPolitics poll has Moore and Jones tied. The poll showing Moore losing to Jones was conducted by JMP, the same polling operation who gave us this hilariously inaccurate poll, only one week before the general election in 2016:We re gonna go out on a limb, and say that this so-called scandal involving Judge Roy Moore is going to backfire spectacularly on the left, and will ultimately only shine a spotlight on the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party, who ignored the sexual misconduct of former President Bill Clinton and his enabling wife, Hillary Clinton for decades. ",0
9447,REPUBLICAN LEADER Implies He May Not Seat Roy Moore If He Wins Election,"The New York Times just confirmed what we ve all known since Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell threw his support to Luther Strange in the Alabama primary The GOP will do anything it can to stop Judge Moore from becoming a US Senator. A report at the New York Times indicates that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., may not seat Moore even if he wins the election. Moreover, Republican elites are trying to get the election pushed back. The Republicans have pulled funds from Judge Moore even though there is no proof he s guilty of these charges. It s an obvious sandbagging of a candidate the Republican swamp creatures and Democrats don t like.According to the New York Times:Republican senators and their advisers, in a flurry of phone calls, emails and text messages, discussed fielding a write-in candidate, pushing Alabama s governor to delay the Dec. 12 special election or even not seating Mr. Moore at all should he be elected. In an interview, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, declined to say whether he would agree to seat Mr. Moore should he win. Mr. McConnell deferred a question about a possible write-in campaign by Senator Luther Strange, the current occupant of the seat, to Mr. Strange.The establishment is losing control so they re taking drastic measures to get it back The scandal facing candidate Roy Moore is the biggest hit job since the fake Russian  Golden Showers  Dossier the DNC and media pushed out to try and destroy Trump. You have to really question Republican leadership when they go to these lengths to harm a candidate. Judge Moore has been in public service for decades but we re just now hearing about the issue with a 14-year old when he was 32? C mon now This smells to high heaven of a smear job.Remember that the swamp creatures in the Republican Party detest Trump because he s not beholden to the Chamber of Commerce s wish for illegal cheap labor. The bottom line is these politicians aren t putting Americans first. They need to be dumped next election It can t come fast enough!",0
9448,LET THE BOYCOTTS BEGIN: KEURIG COFFEE and 4 Major Companies Cave To Left…Pull Ads From Sean Hannity Show After He Interviewed GOP Senate Candidate Roy Moore,"Before Keurig, and other major companies commit consumer suicide over their decision to pull their advertising from Sean Hannity s Fox News show, over his interview with Roy Moore, the GOP candidate for U.S. Senate in Alabama, who is being accused of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place between 36-40 years ago, only 4 weeks before the election, they may want to consider the facts that many media outlets have uncovered about Moore s accusers. These advertisers might also want to explain to consumers why they never pulled ads on shows that interviewed Bill Clinton, who s been accused of rape and sexual assault by multiple women. These businesses may also want to explain why they never pulled their advertising from TV shows that interviewed Hillary Clinton, who s been accused by more than one victim of threatening the women who bravely came forward to expose her husband s sexual misconduct. Daily Mail  Keurig, makers of the home coffee brewing system, is being boycotted by angry consumers after the company announced over the weekend that it plans to remove ads on Sean Hanity s Fox News program following his coverage of Alabama senate candidate Roy Moore.Keurig made this bold statement to consumers on Twitter, claiming they worked with their media partner and FOX news to STOP their ad from airing on the Sean Hannity Show.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Keurig, Realtor.com, 23 and Me, Eloquii and Nature s Bounty all said over the weekend that they would no longer run ads on Hannity s show following his interview with the embattled candidate, prompting a backlash from protesters on social media.After a Twitter user posted busineses that allegedly advertise on Sean Hannity s Fox News show, here s how Nature s Bounty responded:We can confirm that we do not have advertisements running on this program.  Nature's Bounty (@NaturesBounty) November 11, 2017Here s how the gentics company 23 and me responded on Twitter:We ve received inquiries RE: advertising on Hannity. We are not running TV advertising on Hannity. We continue to closely evaluate where we advertise.  23andMe (@23andMe) November 10, 201723 and Me sells saliva collection kits to help consumers trace their genetics.This Thanksgiving, bring your family closer and save with 23andMe s Thanksgiving Family Offer! #mydnastory   https://t.co/6Dg2gA9FU5 pic.twitter.com/UAz94MYLxB  23andMe (@23andMe) November 1, 2017Eloquii is a fashion store for plus size women:Dead over this upcoming @ELOQUII set. Also, red boots were needed. pic.twitter.com/d7dQWAhPUA  Lydia Hudgens (@lydiahudgens) November 2, 2017Excited to announce I m the face of @ELOQUII s new NOIR collection!   Available now on https://t.co/n77glzqSYw  #XOQ pic.twitter.com/PEtSJgqTNx  Tess Holliday   (@Tess_Holliday) November 2, 2017Here is their tweet, assuring their consumers that  Hannity is blocked  form their  advertising list. :Hi there! Hannity is blocked from our advertising list. If we can help with anything else, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at social@eloquii.com.  ELOQUII (@ELOQUII) November 10, 2017Moore is being accused of having pursued inappropriate sexual relationships with younger women while he was a district attorney in Alabama during the 1970s.Moore vehemently denies the allegations, saying that he believes the timing of the accusations are aimed at undermining his candidacy.Moore, who spoke with Hannity about the scandal on his radio show Friday, did admit however that after his return from the military,  I dated a lot of young ladies. Some of the sponsors announced their decision not to run advertisements on Hannity s show via Twitter after the Fox News host asked his audience to give Moore the benefit of the doubt, according to CNBC News. ",0
9449,ALABAMA ABC AFFILIATE Can’t Find One Voter Who Believes Roy Moore WaPo Report [VIDEO],"A Birmingham, Alabama ABC affiliate sought out voters in Columbiana, AL to gauge their reactions to the Washington Post report that alleged Republican U.S. Senate hopeful Roy Moore engaged in inappropriate conduct with four teenage girls more than 34 years ago.None of the respondents according to Walsh told her they believed the Post s reporting. It s hard to believe the events that transpired yesterday,  Gordon Fluker of nearby Wilsonville, AL said to Walsh about the Washington Post report.Moore continues to lead his Democrat opponent by double digits Voters are not buying the accusers story The latest problem with the story is the mother of the accuser s story. She just made a huge mistake in her recounting of what happened over 34 years ago The character assassination of Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore continues with different RINO Republicans coming out to say Moore should step down as a candidate for US Senate. The problem is that the press and the anti-Moore politicians have crucified Moore We thought you were innocent until proven guilty!Another key fact: The claim is a 40 year old claim brought to light by a woman who has ties to the DNC So many things about this claim just don t pass the smell test. Breitbart News has yet another item that doesn t help the accuser s case:MOTHER MAKES BIG MISTAKE: The mother of Leigh Corfman, who says that Alabama Senatorial Candidate Roy Moore tried to engage in a sexual encounter with her when she was 14, has contradicted a key detail of Corfman s story. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Corfman s mother, Nancy Wells, 71, says that her daughter did not have a phone in her bedroom during the period that Moore is reported to have allegedly called Corfman   purportedly on Confman s bedroom phone   to arrange at least one encounter.Moore strongly denies Corfman s claims.The Washington Post, which first published its newsmaking, on-the-record interview with Corfman last week, cited Corfman as remembering that she provided Moore with her number when she was 14. She said that she spoke to Moore from what she described as the phone in her bedroom.Citing Corfman, the Post reported:After her mother went into the courtroom, Corfman says, Moore asked her where she went to school, what she liked to do and whether he could call her sometime. She remembers giving him her number and says he called not long after. She says she talked to Moore on her phone in her bedroom, and they made plans for him to pick her up at Alcott Road and Riley Street, around the corner from her house.Soon after, Corfman said, he called again, and picked her up again at the same spot.Later on, Corfman described a third phone call:She says that after their last encounter, Moore called again, but that she found an excuse to avoid seeing him. She says that at some point during or soon after her meetings with Moore, she told two friends in vague terms that she was seeing an older man.Corfman clearly claimed she spoke to Moore on what she said was  her phone in her bedroom  on at least one of those occasions. The Post did not specify whether the second or third alleged calls purportedly took place on a bedroom phone.Wells, Corfman s mother, was asked by Breitbart News:  Back then did she have her own phone in her room or something? No,  she replied matter-of-factly.  But the phone in the house could get through to her easily. HOW COULD HE BE GUILTY?The Post story relies heavily on Corfman s memory and her ability to recount events consistently.The newspaper reported that  Corfman described her story consistently in six interviews with The Post. The Post story uses the word  remembers  10 times when quoting or paraphrasing Corfman.Here are those 10 times:1: The Post cited Corfman thusly:  I wanted it over with   I wanted out,  she remembers thinking. This detail related to Corfman s claim that Moore drove her to his house, removed his own clothes besides his underwear, took off her shirt and guided her hand to his underwear.2: During the initial alleged encounter, when Corfman said that Moore was watching her while Corfman s mother went into the courtroom, the Post reported,  She remembers giving him her number and says he called not long after. 3:  I remember the further I got from my house, the more nervous I got,  Corfman was quoted as saying when she recalled the alleged drive with Moore from her house.5   7: The Post used the word three times when citing Corfman in the following paragraph:She remembers an unpaved driveway. She remembers going inside and him giving her alcohol on this visit or the next, and that at some point she told him she was 14. She says they sat and talked. She remembers that Moore told her she was pretty, put his arm around her and kissed her, and that she began to feel nervous and asked him to take her home, which she says he did.8   Referring to the alleged sexual encounter, the Post reported:She remembers that Moore kissed her, that he took off her pants and shirt, and that he touched her through her bra and underpants. She says that he guided her hand to his underwear and that she yanked her hand back.9   In that same encounter, the Post relates:She remembers thinking,  I don t want to do this  and  I need to get out of here.  She says that she got dressed and asked Moore to take her home, and that he did.Meanwhile, Wells told Breitbart that she and her daughter stick by the Post s story.  It s truthful and it was researched very well,  she said.Asked if she could remember Moore, then a 32-year-old assistant district attorney, allegedly asking to watch her daughter in 1971 while Wells went into a courtroom, Wells recounted the story essentially the same way she told it to the Post.Wells told this reporter:  We were sitting in the hall. He came up and started talking to us. We were sitting on a bench waiting to go into court. He said, you know,  What are you doing.  You know, we told him. He is Roy Moore. And he said,  You don t want her to go in there and hear all of the bickering.  And I said,  No.  He said,  I will be glad to stay out here with her and bring her in if she needs to come in.  And so that is the way it started. Probably if it were in today s times that never would have happened,  Wells added.  He sounded like someone that I could trust and we were there in the courthouse. Corfman described her own troubled background to the Post, including three divorces, bankruptcies and a history of drug abuse.The Post related:She says that her teenage life became increasingly reckless with drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt when she was 16.As the years went on, Corfman says, she did not share her story about Moore partly because of the trouble in her life. She has had three divorces and financial problems. While living in Arizona, she and her second husband started a screen-printing business that fell into debt. They filed for bankruptcy protection three times, once in 1991 with $139,689 in unpaid claims brought by the Internal Revenue Service and other creditors, according to court records.Moore strongly denied Corfman s claims.  These allegations are completely false and are a desperate political attack by the National Democrat Party and the Washington Post on this campaign,  Moore said in immediate response to the Post s story.Moore s campaign said in a statement,  This garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation. The campaign pointed out that Moore has been married to his wife, Kayla, for nearly 33 years and has four children and five grandchildren. It also noted that Moore has served in public office in the past and that no such allegations were previously made.The statement said:The Judge has been a candidate in four hotly-contested statewide political contests, twice as a gubernatorial candidate and twice as a candidate for chief justice. He has been a three-time candidate for local office, and he has been a national figure in two ground-breaking, judicial fights over religious liberty and traditional marriage. After over 40 years of public service, if any of these allegations were true, they surely would have been made public long before now,  the statement continued.On Saturday, Moore further addressed the allegations: Now I want to address something that some people have come here to hear about,  Moore said at a local campaign event.  Shortly after becoming the Republican nominee for the United States Senate, the Washington Post began an attack on the Foundation for Moral Law, on my wife, and on me. For weeks, we read about my salary which they distorted, about taxes where they said we were paid money we never got. But we endured that. Later, they came out and endorsed my opponent in this race,  he continued.  Just two days ago, the Washington Post published yet another attack on my character and reputation in a desperate attempt to stop my political campaign for the United States Senate. These attacks about a minor are completely false and untrue about something that happened nearly 40 years ago. But more than being completely false and untrue, they are very hurtful to me personally. I wanted to make it clear to the media present and the people present, I have not provided alcoholic beverages beer or anything else to a minor. I have not been guilty of sexual misconduct with anyone,  he declared.  These allegations came only four and a half weeks before the general election on Dec. 12. Why now? For forty years I have been closely scrutinized in the press and the public media. I have had investigations by the attorney general, I ve had investigations by the judicial inquiry commission on more than one occasion, I ve had investigations by the court of the judiciary, I ve been in five statewide campaigns in which they do opposition research they do investigations, as you can see in every one I ve ever run and three county elections and two major controversies over religious liberty and the Ten Commandments and same-sex marriage,  he continued.  I ve been investigated more than any other person in this country. That grown women would wait forty years to come right before an election to bring charges is absolutely unbelievable. ",0
9450,KEY DEMOCRATS MOCKED In Saturday Night Live Skit: ‘We’re Baaack!’ [Video],"Saturday Night Live usually hits the Republicans with mocking skits Usually it s something about President Trump, Sarah Sanders or Sean Spicer Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer was brutalized on on the show. He even remarked about how it stung when he was mocked mercilessly in skit after skit. Alex Baldwin usually plays President Trump in skits that really are unfunny. When it crosses the line to  nasty , you ve lost your audience. The president is not a fan tweeting last year that the impression  just can t get any worse  and calling the show  unwatchable. Maybe keeping politics out of the show would be a smart tactic but they just can t seem to do that What they did do last night was surprising They flipped the script to bash the DNC. Shocker! Tell us what you think about this mocking skit aimed at the key players in the Democrat Party:MELANIA TRUMP JUST ZINGED ALEC BALDWIN:MELANIA TRUMP never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her Alec Baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the First Lady!A spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of President Donald Trump. That is not true, which is why Mr. Baldwin has no actual names to go with his bizarre assertion,  the spokeswoman told The Hill on Monday.The  Saturday Night Live  star had made the remarks on WYNC s  The Brian Lehrer Show  Monday. Someone told me   who s friends with someone in the White House, or formerly in the White House   that Melania Trump loves  SNL  and she loves my impersonation,  Baldwin said in the interview.The 59 year-old actor claimed the first lady  told this person, very high up in the White House brass there, that,  That s exactly what he s like. Baldwin has been doing his impersonation of Trump for well over a year now on NBC s late-night sketch comedy show and won an Emmy Award in September for his portrayal of Trump.The president is not a fan, however, tweeting last year that the impression  just can t get any worse  and calling the show  unwatchable.  in a tweet from December of last year:Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016THE BIG LIE FROM BALDWIN: Apparently, Trump is horrified and beside himself that his wife actually thinks it s funny,  Baldwin claimed Monday.The  30 Rock  star was promoting his new book,  You Can t Spell America Without Me: The Really Tremendous Inside Story of my Fantastic First Year as President Donald J. Trump. (A So-Called Parody). READ MORE: BPR",0
9451,MOTHER OF ROY MOORE ACCUSER Makes Big Mistake On Key Detail of Daughter’s Story,"The character assassination of Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore continues with different RINO Republicans coming out to say Moore should step down as a candidate for US Senate. The problem is that the press and the anti-Moore politicians have crucified Moore We thought you were innocent until proven guilty!Another key fact: The claim is a 40 year old claim brought to light by a woman who has ties to the DNC So many things about this claim just don t pass the smell test. Breitbart News has yet another item that doesn t help the accuser s case:MOTHER MAKES BIG MISTAKE: The mother of Leigh Corfman, who says that Alabama Senatorial Candidate Roy Moore tried to engage in a sexual encounter with her when she was 14, has contradicted a key detail of Corfman s story. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Corfman s mother, Nancy Wells, 71, says that her daughter did not have a phone in her bedroom during the period that Moore is reported to have allegedly called Corfman   purportedly on Confman s bedroom phone   to arrange at least one encounter.Moore strongly denies Corfman s claims.The Washington Post, which first published its newsmaking, on-the-record interview with Corfman last week, cited Corfman as remembering that she provided Moore with her number when she was 14. She said that she spoke to Moore from what she described as the phone in her bedroom.Citing Corfman, the Post reported:After her mother went into the courtroom, Corfman says, Moore asked her where she went to school, what she liked to do and whether he could call her sometime. She remembers giving him her number and says he called not long after. She says she talked to Moore on her phone in her bedroom, and they made plans for him to pick her up at Alcott Road and Riley Street, around the corner from her house.Soon after, Corfman said, he called again, and picked her up again at the same spot.Later on, Corfman described a third phone call:She says that after their last encounter, Moore called again, but that she found an excuse to avoid seeing him. She says that at some point during or soon after her meetings with Moore, she told two friends in vague terms that she was seeing an older man.Corfman clearly claimed she spoke to Moore on what she said was  her phone in her bedroom  on at least one of those occasions. The Post did not specify whether the second or third alleged calls purportedly took place on a bedroom phone.Wells, Corfman s mother, was asked by Breitbart News:  Back then did she have her own phone in her room or something? No,  she replied matter-of-factly.  But the phone in the house could get through to her easily. HOW COULD HE BE GUILTY?The Post story relies heavily on Corfman s memory and her ability to recount events consistently.The newspaper reported that  Corfman described her story consistently in six interviews with The Post. The Post story uses the word  remembers  10 times when quoting or paraphrasing Corfman.Here are those 10 times:1: The Post cited Corfman thusly:  I wanted it over with   I wanted out,  she remembers thinking. This detail related to Corfman s claim that Moore drove her to his house, removed his own clothes besides his underwear, took off her shirt and guided her hand to his underwear.2: During the initial alleged encounter, when Corfman said that Moore was watching her while Corfman s mother went into the courtroom, the Post reported,  She remembers giving him her number and says he called not long after. 3:  I remember the further I got from my house, the more nervous I got,  Corfman was quoted as saying when she recalled the alleged drive with Moore from her house.5   7: The Post used the word three times when citing Corfman in the following paragraph:She remembers an unpaved driveway. She remembers going inside and him giving her alcohol on this visit or the next, and that at some point she told him she was 14. She says they sat and talked. She remembers that Moore told her she was pretty, put his arm around her and kissed her, and that she began to feel nervous and asked him to take her home, which she says he did.8   Referring to the alleged sexual encounter, the Post reported:She remembers that Moore kissed her, that he took off her pants and shirt, and that he touched her through her bra and underpants. She says that he guided her hand to his underwear and that she yanked her hand back.9   In that same encounter, the Post relates:She remembers thinking,  I don t want to do this  and  I need to get out of here.  She says that she got dressed and asked Moore to take her home, and that he did.Meanwhile, Wells told Breitbart that she and her daughter stick by the Post s story.  It s truthful and it was researched very well,  she said.Asked if she could remember Moore, then a 32-year-old assistant district attorney, allegedly asking to watch her daughter in 1971 while Wells went into a courtroom, Wells recounted the story essentially the same way she told it to the Post.Wells told this reporter:  We were sitting in the hall. He came up and started talking to us. We were sitting on a bench waiting to go into court. He said, you know,  What are you doing.  You know, we told him. He is Roy Moore. And he said,  You don t want her to go in there and hear all of the bickering.  And I said,  No.  He said,  I will be glad to stay out here with her and bring her in if she needs to come in.  And so that is the way it started. Probably if it were in today s times that never would have happened,  Wells added.  He sounded like someone that I could trust and we were there in the courthouse. Corfman described her own troubled background to the Post, including three divorces, bankruptcies and a history of drug abuse.The Post related:She says that her teenage life became increasingly reckless with drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt when she was 16.As the years went on, Corfman says, she did not share her story about Moore partly because of the trouble in her life. She has had three divorces and financial problems. While living in Arizona, she and her second husband started a screen-printing business that fell into debt. They filed for bankruptcy protection three times, once in 1991 with $139,689 in unpaid claims brought by the Internal Revenue Service and other creditors, according to court records.Moore strongly denied Corfman s claims.  These allegations are completely false and are a desperate political attack by the National Democrat Party and the Washington Post on this campaign,  Moore said in immediate response to the Post s story.Moore s campaign said in a statement,  This garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation. The campaign pointed out that Moore has been married to his wife, Kayla, for nearly 33 years and has four children and five grandchildren. It also noted that Moore has served in public office in the past and that no such allegations were previously made.The statement said:The Judge has been a candidate in four hotly-contested statewide political contests, twice as a gubernatorial candidate and twice as a candidate for chief justice. He has been a three-time candidate for local office, and he has been a national figure in two ground-breaking, judicial fights over religious liberty and traditional marriage. After over 40 years of public service, if any of these allegations were true, they surely would have been made public long before now,  the statement continued.On Saturday, Moore further addressed the allegations: Now I want to address something that some people have come here to hear about,  Moore said at a local campaign event.  Shortly after becoming the Republican nominee for the United States Senate, the Washington Post began an attack on the Foundation for Moral Law, on my wife, and on me. For weeks, we read about my salary which they distorted, about taxes where they said we were paid money we never got. But we endured that. Later, they came out and endorsed my opponent in this race,  he continued.  Just two days ago, the Washington Post published yet another attack on my character and reputation in a desperate attempt to stop my political campaign for the United States Senate. These attacks about a minor are completely false and untrue about something that happened nearly 40 years ago. But more than being completely false and untrue, they are very hurtful to me personally. I wanted to make it clear to the media present and the people present, I have not provided alcoholic beverages beer or anything else to a minor. I have not been guilty of sexual misconduct with anyone,  he declared.  These allegations came only four and a half weeks before the general election on Dec. 12. Why now? For forty years I have been closely scrutinized in the press and the public media. I have had investigations by the attorney general, I ve had investigations by the judicial inquiry commission on more than one occasion, I ve had investigations by the court of the judiciary, I ve been in five statewide campaigns in which they do opposition research they do investigations, as you can see in every one I ve ever run and three county elections and two major controversies over religious liberty and the Ten Commandments and same-sex marriage,  he continued.  I ve been investigated more than any other person in this country. That grown women would wait forty years to come right before an election to bring charges is absolutely unbelievable. ",0
9452,HA! ATTORNEY FOR ROY MOORE Trolls Don Lemon On Air: ‘Don Lemon Easy Squeezy Keep It Easy’ [Video],"Roy Moore s attorney just called political hack Don Lemon a funny name on air. The CNN host was not pleased with the attorney s quip of  Don Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy Roy Moore attorney calls CNN host 'Don Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy'   pic.twitter.com/dDyvj81xnO  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 12, 2017THE CHARACTER ASSASSINATION OF REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE ROY MOORE CONTINUES  Infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the Facebook page of one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers, Debbie Gibson, who came out in a Washington Post article to accuse him of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place 36 years ago.Debbie Wesson Gibson says that she was 17 in the spring of 1981 when Moore spoke to her Etowah High School civics class about serving as the assistant district attorney. She says that when he asked her out, she asked her mother what she would say if she wanted to date a 34-year-old man. Gibson says her mother asked her who the man was, and when Gibson said  Roy Moore,  her mother said,  I d say you were the luckiest girl in the world. Among locals in Gadsden, a town of about 47,000 back then, Moore  had this godlike, almost deity status   he was a hometown boy made good,  Gibson says,  West Point and so forth. Gibson says that they dated for two to three months, and that he took her to his house, read her poetry and played his guitar. She says he kissed her once in his bedroom and once by the pool at a local country club. Looking back, I m glad nothing bad happened,  says Gibson, who now lives in Florida.  As a mother of daughters, I realize that our age difference at that time made our dating inappropriate. Debbie Gibson hates Donald Trump, but that s not all, she s pretty fond of Judge Roy Moore s opponent, Doug Ross for US Senate In Alabama as well Here are a few anti-Trump posts that were found on Gibson s Facebook page: One of senatorial candidate Roy Moore s accusers is apparently a fervent Democrat who has worked for the DNC as a sign language interpreter for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden, a revelation which the Washington Post never included in its original report.The accuser, Debbie Gibson, had also publically supported Moore s opponent Doug Jones before the accusations came to light.Gibson openly bragged about signing for Hillary during a campaign appearance. On a side note, we re not sure who she s signing for. The crowd behind Hillary, that is usually packed with the Democrats hand-picked  diverse  crowd, appears to be pretty thin.Here s a post from Gibson s page proving that she s supporting Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent for US Senate:She even posted a video of Moore s opponent, Doug Jones to promote him to her friends on Facebook. The screenshot below shows the post on her page. Interestingly, when attacking Moore ally Steve Bannon for suggesting the Washington Post was politically motivated in its reporting, the newspaper implied that Gibson wasn t  down with Democratic propaganda,  a statement which seemingly conflicts with Gibson s political activism:That s not what the photos say The Washington Post reported: According to campaign reports, none of the women has donated to or worked for Moore s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, or his rivals in the Republican primary But notice the precise wording; it s lawyer-speak. It might very well be true that Gibson didn t donate or work for Doug Jones, but according to her Facebook profile, she did actively campaign for him, which doesn t help her credibility and it should have been reported   yet the Washington Post conveniently left it out.",0
9453,INCREDIBLE! Vietnam Veteran Cries on President Trump’s Shoulder During Speech: ‘Our Veterans are a National Treasure’ [Video],"President Trump hits it out of the park! He just delivered another great speech to Vietnam veterans in Danang, Vietnam He let the veterans say a few words too a great moment!PRESIDENT TRUMP:I m very honored to be representing our country, and I will say that, when you speak of honors, one of my great honors is to present the people standing right behind me   great, great warriors and veterans of the Vietnam War.Our veterans are a national treasure, and I thank them all for their service, sacrifice, and patriotism.To each of you with me today, you are the heroes who fulfill your duty to our nation. And each of you, under the most difficult conditions, did what you had to do, and you did it well. My administration, as you all know, is committed to rebuilding our military and honoring the hard work and sacrifices of all veterans. We re extremely proud of what we ve done with the Veterans Administration. Dr. Shulkin has done an amazing job with choice and accountability and so many other things that we are doing and in the process of doing. The Veterans Administration is a whole different place.Our accountability efforts in Vietnam are very, very important to all of us. We will not rest until all of the 1,253 missing veterans are returned home. I want to thank the government of Vietnam for their assistance in our efforts.Today, I m signing a proclamation to honor the veterans of the Vietnam War.",0
9454,AWKWARD! Nancy Pelosi Slurs ‘Lyndon Baines Johnson’…Tells Audience to Clap [Video],"Nancy Pelosi spoke for less than 8 minutes to the LBJ Foundation on Wednesday, but some attendees may have left the event wondering what is wrong with the House Minority Leader. She was seen repeating words, having trouble speaking and botched  Lyndon Baines Johnson  twice.OUR PREVIOUS REPORTS ON PELOSI S ANTICS: es, another brain freeze moment from Nancy Pelosi Why does she do this to herself? She continues to be the poster child for term limits!Comedian James Corden challenged Pelosi to say something nice about several prominent Republicans but he asked last about Trump Say one nice thing about Paul Ryan,  Corden said, holding up a picture of the Speaker of the House.After some awkward silence, Pelosi acknowledged that Ryan is  a gentleman. Corden followed up with Ted Cruz. Memorized the Constitution,  Pelosi said.  That s a good thing. It s a good thing, it s not a nice thing about him,  Corden persisted. Ok, Ted Cruz, good father,  Pelosi replied. Ok, time for the big dog,  Corden said, pulling out a picture of Trump.  Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump? Flag pin,  Pelosi said, pointing to the pin on Trump s lapel. I don t know that that counts,  Corden said,  That s not about Donald Trump, he probably didn t even put that on himself. Is there one nice thing you can say about Donald Trump?  he repeated.Several seconds later, Pelosi replied:  I hope so. I hope I can. But not today?  Corden said. President,  Pelosi said after another long pause.  He s president. You can t think of one nice thing to say about him?  Corden prodded. He s nice to me,  Pelosi said. Is he? Is he respectful?  Corden said. Yeah, respectful,  Pelosi said. Read more: American Mirror",0
9455,HA! ALABAMA LAWMAKER Tells MSNBC’s Chuck Todd Democrats Practice ‘Gutter Politics’ [Video],"Liberals on twitter were outraged when a Republican lawmaker from Alabama told the truth about what s going on with the character assassination attempt on Senate candidate Roy Moore Aren t people innocent until proven guilty? Please see our report below on the Roy Moore accuser.Perry Hooper, Jr: Roy Moore has been in the public eye and public office for the last 30 some-odd-years. And now these ladies are just now coming forward with these type of accusations and allegations? I just think it s typical Democrat gutter politics.A Roy Moore supporter just straight up lied to @chucktodd about the sexual harassment accusations against Trump being found to be ""all false"" and Todd completely let him get away with itDo better pic.twitter.com/PVJwjGYbVU  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) November 10, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE TRUTH ABOUT THE ROY MOORE CHARACTER ASSASSINATION BY THE LEFT: Infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the Facebook page of one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers, Debbie Gibson, who came out in a Washington Post article to accuse him of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place 36 years ago.Debbie Wesson Gibson says that she was 17 in the spring of 1981 when Moore spoke to her Etowah High School civics class about serving as the assistant district attorney. She says that when he asked her out, she asked her mother what she would say if she wanted to date a 34-year-old man. Gibson says her mother asked her who the man was, and when Gibson said  Roy Moore,  her mother said,  I d say you were the luckiest girl in the world. Among locals in Gadsden, a town of about 47,000 back then, Moore  had this godlike, almost deity status   he was a hometown boy made good,  Gibson says,  West Point and so forth. Gibson says that they dated for two to three months, and that he took her to his house, read her poetry and played his guitar. She says he kissed her once in his bedroom and once by the pool at a local country club. Looking back, I m glad nothing bad happened,  says Gibson, who now lives in Florida.  As a mother of daughters, I realize that our age difference at that time made our dating inappropriate. Debbie Gibson hates Donald Trump, but that s not all, she s pretty fond of Judge Roy Moore s opponent, Doug Ross for US Senate In Alabama as well Here are a few anti-Trump posts that were found on Gibson s Facebook page: One of senatorial candidate Roy Moore s accusers is apparently a fervent Democrat who has worked for the DNC as a sign language interpreter for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden, a revelation which the Washington Post never included in its original report.The accuser, Debbie Gibson, had also publically supported Moore s opponent Doug Jones before the accusations came to light.Gibson openly bragged about signing for Hillary during a campaign appearance. On a side note, we re not sure who she s signing for. The crowd behind Hillary, that is usually packed with the Democrats hand-picked  diverse  crowd, appears to be pretty thin.Here s a post from Gibson s page proving that she s supporting Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent for US Senate:She even posted a video of Moore s opponent, Doug Jones to promote him to her friends on Facebook. The screenshot below shows the post on her page. Interestingly, when attacking Moore ally Steve Bannon for suggesting the Washington Post was politically motivated in its reporting, the newspaper implied that Gibson wasn t  down with Democratic propaganda,  a statement which seemingly conflicts with Gibson s political activism:That s not what the photos say The Washington Post reported: According to campaign reports, none of the women has donated to or worked for Moore s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, or his rivals in the Republican primary But notice the precise wording; it s lawyer-speak. It might very well be true that Gibson didn t donate or work for Doug Jones, but according to her Facebook profile, she did actively campaign for him, which doesn t help her credibility and it should have been reported   yet the Washington Post conveniently left it out.",0
9456,“GENTLEMAN” SOLDIER Who Gave Sarah Huckabee Sanders His Coat In Freezing Cold Korean Militarized Zone Is Identified,"Too bad the media wasn t there to cover the event, there would have been enough hot air to keep everyone warm It s nice to see there are still gentlemen in this crazy world.When President Donald Trump tried to visit Korea s demilitarized zone on Wednesday during his 12-day trip through Asia, a U.S. Army Ranger made headlines by lending White House press secretary Sarah Sanders his camouflage jacket on a chilly morning. Now the Army has exclusively shared photos of the new face of American chivalry with DailyMail.com.Meet Chief Warrant Officer 2 Bobby Zizelman, a helicopter test pilot who stepped in to warm Sanders up on the tarmac at U.S. Army Garrison Yongsan.Zizelman hails from Roanoke, Virginia and is stationed in Korea on a two-year deployment along with his wife and their two daughters.They came to Yongsan just a month ago from Fort Riley, Kansas.Katelyn Radack, a public affairs officer with the 2nd Combat Aviation Brigade, said Friday that Zizelman has been in the Army for 11 years, beginning as an  11B  infantryman in the 3rd Ranger Regiment and now serving as an aviator   a role he s had since 2011. Lt. Colonel Junel Jeffrey, a spokeswoman for the 2nd Infantry Division, said Zizelman s job is to fly Chinook helicopters on maintenance test missions for the General Support Aviation Battalion, part of the 3rd Battalion, 2nd Aviation Regiment.Zizelman, who was on-hand to certify the safety of the choppers scheduled to ferry Trump and his team to the Korean DMZ, stepped in on Wednesday when he saw the jacketless Sanders shivering in tarmac winds with temperatures in the 40s. One of our brave soldiers was nice enough to loan me his flight jacket,  Sanders told DailyMail.com,  because I was freezing.  The tough-girl Trump spokeswoman put the Army Combat Uniform coat on right over her dress and pearls.Trump s unscheduled attempt to visit the Korean DMZ was foiled by dense fog that forced the helicopter convoy to turn around when they were just 5 minutes from the landing zone.Military pilots couldn t see each other and decided to scrub the mission.Sanders said the president was disappointed, even as he waited gamely for nearly an hour in his limousine for the weather to clear. Instead, she said ruefully, it got worse  Daily Mail ",0
9457,OPRAH DROPS MIC When Asked How She Keeps On-Set Harassment Away…Wait! Wasn’t She Buddies With Weinstein?,"Oprah has a mic-drop moment when asked about how she keeps on-set harassment away. The only problem is she was big buddies with Harvey Weinstein OPRAH HAS DISTANCED HERSELF FROM WEINSTEIN EVEN THOUGH HE TRIED TO DRAG HER INTO HIS SCANDAL:According to TMZ, Weinstein said that the queen of all media personally called him to say she was ready to publicly declare her support of him. However, Oprah s people have responded to his claims, clarifying that they hold absolutely no truth.The site reports that Weinstein told his team and friends on multiple occasions that Oprah called him earlier this week urging him to speak out and  defend himself,  and once he did that, she would come out and support him. While he claimed that several powerful figures in Hollywood have voiced their support of him, he repeatedly highlighted Oprah. WE DON T WANT ANY A HOLES AROUND US Oprah Winfrey doesn t want any sexual harassment problems on the sets of her OWN shows.When asked how she ensures her staff and actors are protected, Winfrey told People,  We don t want any a holes around us. She then went into detail sharing the process by which actors and crew are chosen to pluck out any unwanted folks. First of all, starting with all-female directors,  Winfrey, 63, said.  Ava DuVernay casts from the spirit of the person and looks for skill and talent. You re casting with the very idea of surrounding yourself and when you re looking at casting you re looking at  Does this guy fit with this woman? Does this little boy fit? Could those two people have had that boy? And how do we make this family? Winfrey adds it s a truly a combination of everything.  We re looking at those things and not just looking at who s gonna be the star and take the lead but looking at how does it all integrate so that we can evolve into something bigger,  she added.The media mogul s comments come on the heels of more than 50 women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault, harassment and rape. Via: Page Six",0
9458,TRUMP REPORTEDLY Thinking About Replacing Jeff Sessions With Candidate Who Won’t Cower To Pressure From The Swamp,"Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch better start lawyering up President Donald Trump is reportedly thinking about bringing former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani on as his Attorney General, White House sources told Axios on Monday.Axios  Mike Allen wrote that Trump  has recently pondered the idea of nominating Giuliani  for the job currently held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.The news came soon after Trump s latest broadside at the  beleaguered  head of his Justice Department. So why aren t the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillary s crimes & Russia relations?  Trump tweeted on Monday morning.Trump s views on his attorney general have soured in the months since Sessions decided it was best to recuse himself from any investigations involving the Trump campaign, which he was closely associated with. That includes all of the Russia-related investigations, which special counsel Robert Mueller is overseeing.In an interview last week with The New York Times, Trump said he wouldn t have hired Sessions if he knew he d recuse himself from the Russia investigation. So Jeff Sessions takes the job, gets into the job, recuses himself,  Trump said.  I then have   which, frankly, I think is very unfair to the president. How do you take a job and then recuse yourself? If he would have recused himself from the job, I would have said,  Thanks, Jeff, but I can t, you know, I m not going to take you.  It s extremely unfair, and that s a mild word, to the president. So he recuses himself. I then end up with a second man, who s a deputy. When Trump was first selecting his top cabinet officials after winning the November election, Giuliani insisted on being named the secretary of state. He reportedly was not interested in other top posts, including the attorney general. ",0
9459,PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes Room Erupt in Laughter with Hilarious Story At State Banquet In Japan [Video],"President Trump spoke at the State Banquet during his visit to Japan. He told a hilarious story about first meeting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after the election. This was just one example of many from the Asia trip where President Trump succeeded in diplomacy and becoming closer to world leaders he visited. Even though the biased media didn t cover the trip, it was a success in so many ways: The story begins at the 3:50 point President Trump s Asia trip was such a success the video above is a testament to the friendly relations between Japan and the U.S.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE JAPANESE PM AND POTUS: JAPAN S PM FLIPS BACKWARDS!Japan s prime minister did something so discreetly that not even President Trump saw it! You won t believe this:The prime minister said his round of golf with visiting President Donald Trump was a good chance to relax and discuss difficult issues. It also was an opportunity to display some nimble gymnastics, according to Japan s TV Tokyo. The television network flew a helicopter over the Kasumigaseki Country Club on Sunday to capture the highly anticipated informal game.HERE S WHAT HAPPENED:It broadcast a video showing a player identified as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe trying repeatedly to hit his ball out of a steep bunker. As he finally made the shot, Trump began walking away, and Abe ran up the side of the bunker to catch up. But just as the 63-year-old prime minister stepped onto the grass, he slipped, making a backward flip down into the sand. He quickly stood up and picked up his cap.Trump apparently never noticed the flip as he walked away, his back to Abe. An attendant raking the sand also continued his work.Tabloid magazines raised questions over whether the two leaders really talked during the game. The popular Nikkan Gendai said they had little conversation, with Abe often falling behind Trump, who reportedly spent much of his time chatting with a third player, renowned Japanese pro Hideki Matsuyama. READ MORE: SFGATE",0
9460,WATCH: MITT ROMNEY DOESN’T Think Roy Moore Deserves Fair Treatment In Questionable 40-Year-Old Sex Assault Allegations…Has Romney Already Forgotten What Harry Reid’s LIE Did To His Campaign?,"Yesterday, former GOP Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney, came out with one of his most incredible statements to date. After months of silence, Mitt tweeted about the 36-40-year-old sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama s Republican candidate for Senator, Judge Roy Moore.In his tweet, Mitt told Americans that Judge Roy Moore was not entitled to a fair investigation and that Moore should  step aside . Romney tweeted:  Innocent until proven guilty is for criminal convictions, not elections. I believe Leigh Corfman. Her account is too serious to ignore. Moore is unfit for office and should step aside. Innocent until proven guilty is for criminal convictions, not elections. I believe Leigh Corfman. Her account is too serious to ignore. Moore is unfit for office and should step aside.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 10, 2017Mitt has remained mostly dormant since he went off on his anti-Trump rant just before the Presidential election.  The last time we saw Mitt, was when he was in Trump Towers, pandering to President-elect Trump for a job in his administration. It appears that, much like John McCain, the anti-conservative, bitter, former GOP presidential candidate just can t keep his disdain for Republicans, who are unafraid to openly fight for their convictions, to himself. Perhaps Mitt s nasty remarks were intended to help ingratiate himself with liberal voters in Utah, as he allegedly is preparing to run for the retiring Republican Senator Orin Hatch s seat. It s also quite possible that after the United States watched Mitt give up the race after he pummeled Barack Obama in their first presidential debate, that Mitt just doesn t  have the stomach for Republicans who actually fight back when they re being attacked by the left.Is it possible that Mitt has already forgotten the lie that Harry Reid pushed out to the voters only months before the election about Mitt not paying taxes for the past 1w years?On July 12, 2012, Senator Harry Reid stood before his comrades on the Senate floor and told a bald-faced lie about then-candidate Mitt Romney not paying his taxes for the past 12 years. Reid knowingly lied to Congress telling them Mitt Romney s father set the precedent for presidential candidates allowing the American public to view their taxes, but Mitt Romney can t do that because he s paid no taxes for 12 years. His father, George Romney, set the precedent that people running for president would file their tax returns, let everybody look at them. But Mitt Romney can t do that because he s basically paid no taxes in the prior 12 years. Watch:Two years later, Harry Reid was later questioned by CNN s Dana Bash about the lie he told to his fellow Senators. His response could not have been more arrogant or disrespectful to the American voters who based their votes for Barack Obama, based on a lie that Senator Harry Reid told only 4 months before the election.So, tell us again Mitt, how it doesn t matter if a political candidate is guilty of charges levied against him by the left, that their only response must be to  step down  if they re accused of wrongdoing.Yesterday, it was revealed that at least one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers was deeply involved in Democrat politics, is virulently anti-Trump, and has been openly pushing for Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent Doug Ross on her personal Facebook page.It was also revealed that Stephanie McCrummen, one of the co-writers of the Washington Post article that smeared Moore with 4 unproven allegations has a history of  faking  things to benefit herself (read more HERE). More and more details continue to emerge about Roy Moore s alleged  victims .Stay tuned, for those of us who are sick and tired of watching Republicans get kicked around and watching their careers being ruined, this isn t over yet ",0
9461,OOPS! NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS WOMAN Who Accused Roy Moore of Sexual Misconduct Worked For Hillary Campaign…Supported His Democrat Opponent On Facebook,"Infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the Facebook page of one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers, Debbie Gibson, who came out in a Washington Post article to accuse him of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place 36 years ago.Debbie Wesson Gibson says that she was 17 in the spring of 1981 when Moore spoke to her Etowah High School civics class about serving as the assistant district attorney. She says that when he asked her out, she asked her mother what she would say if she wanted to date a 34-year-old man. Gibson says her mother asked her who the man was, and when Gibson said  Roy Moore,  her mother said,  I d say you were the luckiest girl in the world. Among locals in Gadsden, a town of about 47,000 back then, Moore  had this godlike, almost deity status   he was a hometown boy made good,  Gibson says,  West Point and so forth. Gibson says that they dated for two to three months, and that he took her to his house, read her poetry and played his guitar. She says he kissed her once in his bedroom and once by the pool at a local country club. Looking back, I m glad nothing bad happened,  says Gibson, who now lives in Florida.  As a mother of daughters, I realize that our age difference at that time made our dating inappropriate. Debbie Gibson hates Donald Trump, but that s not all, she s pretty fond of Judge Roy Moore s opponent, Doug Ross for US Senate In Alabama as well Here are a few anti-Trump posts that were found on Gibson s Facebook page: One of senatorial candidate Roy Moore s accusers is apparently a fervent Democrat who has worked for the DNC as a sign language interpreter for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden, a revelation which the Washington Post never included in its original report.The accuser, Debbie Gibson, had also publically supported Moore s opponent Doug Jones before the accusations came to light.Gibson openly bragged about signing for Hillary during a campaign appearance. On a side note, we re not sure who she s signing for. The crowd behind Hillary, that is usually packed with the Democrats hand-picked  diverse  crowd, appears to be pretty thin.Here s a post from Gibson s page proving that she s supporting Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent for US Senate:She even posted a video of Moore s opponent, Doug Jones to promote him to her friends on Facebook. The screenshot below shows the post on her page. Interestingly, when attacking Moore ally Steve Bannon for suggesting the Washington Post was politically motivated in its reporting, the newspaper implied that Gibson wasn t  down with Democratic propaganda,  a statement which seemingly conflicts with Gibson s political activism:That s not what the photos say The Washington Post reported: According to campaign reports, none of the women has donated to or worked for Moore s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, or his rivals in the Republican primary But notice the precise wording; it s lawyer-speak. It might very well be true that Gibson didn t donate or work for Doug Jones, but according to her Facebook profile, she did actively campaign for him, which doesn t help her credibility and it should have been reported   yet the Washington Post conveniently left it out.",0
9462,WOW! LIBERAL Fox News Host Geraldo Rivera SLAMS Hypocrisy of Left For Ignoring Sexual Assault Allegations Against Bill Clinton,"Liberal FOX News host, Geraldo Rivera, took to Twitter to express his disgust over the hypocritical left and their selective outrage over sex harassment allegations based on the political party of the accused.Geraldo Rivera asked the left a very good question,  Why are so many who profess to be outraged &amp; repulsed by alleged sexual harassment by @realDonaldTrump unmoved by similar allegations vs. @BillClinton? so offended by alleged conduct in a Moscow hotel room, yet unfazed by admitted conduct in the #OvalOffice ? Why are so many who profess to be outraged & repulsed by alleged sexual harassment by @realDonaldTrump unmoved by similar allegations vs. @BillClinton ?  so offended by alleged conduct in a Moscow hotel room, yet unfazed by admitted conduct in the #OvalOffice ?  Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) November 10, 2017While the media shark-tank surrounded Trump, hoping to prove the ALLEGED sexual harassment charges (Not surprisingly, after Trump won the election, all of the women who accused him of sexual misconduct have gone into hiding)  against him  were real, they refused to even consider the confessions of multiple women against Bill Clinton and his enabling wife during the campaign. The real difference, of course, is that the women accusing Bill Clinton of sexual assault, have been screaming from the rooftops for decades about the sexual abuse they endured by the former governor of Arkansas.Rivera brought up another great point in his tweet as it relates to the fake Trump-Russian dossier story that the left has been apoplectic about since the news broke in the liberal media several months ago. It appears, however, that the left has already forgotten the reason Bill Clinton was impeached after lying to a federal grand jury about having sexual encounters with a 19-year old intern in the Oval Office while serving as our nation s President.Meanwhile, it s also curious how many RINO s in Congress, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have said that without any investigation or opportunity to prove that any of the allegations of sexual misconduct against 3 minors are untrue, that Republican candidate for US Senate, Judge Roy Moore (AL), should step down. Does anyone remember telling Hillary to  step down  because there should never be a geriatric pervert allowed to roam the halls of the White House putting visitors and the staff in potential danger of sexual assault? For that matter, does anyone remember telling Bill Clinton to  step down  when he was accused of sexual assault over and over again while he was running for the office of the President of the United States? The answer is  no , there was no such call for either Clinton to  step down  and give up their political ambitions.This isn t the first time Fox News host Geraldo Rivera, who is a self-described liberal, has spoken out against the hypocrisy of the left. In February 2017, Rivera resigned from a voluntary position at Yale University after the school decided to change the name of a residential college that honors a slavery supporter.Rivera said Sunday on Twitter that he resigned as an associate fellow of Calhoun College. He said the position was an honor  but intolerant insistence on political correctness is lame. ",0
9463,PRICELESS! What Nancy Pelosi Just Said About Trump Just Backfired In A Big Way: ‘Dig a Hole’ [Video],"Nancy Pelosi is obviously geographically challenged She thinks we can dig a hole to China to hear the communist regime laughing at President Trump. Wrong! We believe they re laughing at Pelosi for her ridiculous statements During a press conference on Capitol Hill, the House Minority Leader told reporters all we have to do is  dig a hole  because she thinks China is on the other side of the world from America .It s not.Criticizing the president while he s overseas   a taboo practice when President Obama was in office   told the media,  Candidate Trump said that what s happening in China trade was the greatest theft in the history of the world. And yesterday, he said our trade deficit with China, which was huge is not China s fault,  Pelosi said.Trump blamed Obama s poor negotiating and  incompetence  for the imbalance, according to a Thursday tweet. You can almost hear the leadership of the Chinese government laughing from China to America,  she continued. Maybe you can feel it coming through the ground because if you dig a hole here, you will reach China,  Pelosi said.What Pelosi did not mention is the president also noted, during his same remarks this week, that while he doesn t fault China for doing what is in its best interest, he does fault previous administrations for entering into bad trade deals. He said trade between the United States and China is unbalanced and steps must be taken to change that.Trump is right on this but Pelosi continues to pull out all the stops to bash the president Shame on her! This drama queen needs to go!",0
9464,HOLLYWOOD DARLING SANDRA BULLOCK To Play “Abortion Barbie” In New Movie,"Oscar-winning actress Sandra Bullock is set to play Wendy Davis, or more commonly known to conservatives as,  Abortion Barbie . When radical feminist Wendy Davis decided to make her gubenatorial campaign about killing babies, conservatives wasted no time outing her, and her radical agenda for the state of Texas. While attending a fundraiser in Los Angeles during her campaign for governor in the state of Texas, Davis was greeted by life size  Abortion Barbie  posters created by conservative artist  Sabo .The Texas Democratic state senator who became a progressive darling after filibustering an abortion bill in 2013.Davis donned pink running shoes and filibustered for more than 11 hours on June 25, 2013, successfully blocking Senate Bill 5. The bill, among other measures, banned abortion after 20 weeks. WFBDavis got the unflattering nickname during her infamous filibuster. Thanks to conservative writer and Red State editor Erick Erickson, Davis will forever be known as  Abortion Barbie.  The moniker is a bit insulting but apropos given her steadfast defense of abortion on demand.Davis lost the race to the very popular conservative candidate, Republican Governor Greg Abott in a landslide.According to Variety, Sandra Bullock will star in the spec  Let Her Speak  as Texas senator Wendy Davis, whose 11-hour filibuster helped stall an anti-abortion bill in the Texas state house.Todd Black and Jason Blumenthal are on board to produce through their Escape Artists banner. ",0
9465,TRUMP IS FINALLY Face-to-Face With Putin…Left Goes Crazy When They See What He Does Next,"Heads are spinning since President Trump and Vlad Putin shook hands today at the APEC Summit in Vietnam.  CNN is already trying to cause trouble with manufactured conflict about whether the two leaders will have formal or informal meetings. They ll probably concoct some spy story or some scandal about the meeting between the two leaders. The left will stop at nothing to try and destroy President Trump but his overseas trip has been a huge success so far. The president is on the fourth day of his 5 day overseas trip. First Lady Melania Trump remained in China to visit the Beijing Zoo and the Great Wall of ChinaCNN ALREADY STIRRING IT UP:CNN immediately started stirring things up with questions about a meeting and if the two leaders were having formal or informal meetings. They even questioned whether the Trump camp was misleading the press on a meeting Drama? No Drama at all unless you count the manufactured drama from CNN:CNN indicated that Sarah Sanders   statement contradicts what the Russian side told reporters for the last two days, adding to the drama around how Trump and Putin will interact at the international summit.The possibility of a Trump and Putin meeting has hung over the economic summit, with any interaction   formal or informal   threatening to overshadow the President s lengthy trip through Asia.  The possible interaction would come amid a series of investigations into Russia s meddling in the 2016 election, an issue that has plagued the Trump administration for months.NEWSWEEK ALSO CHIMED IN WITH DRAMA: Why Doesn t Trump want to meet with Putin? Wrapped in obfuscations and contradictions, President Donald Trump s second meeting with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin is becoming the Schr dinger s cat of political parlays. It is both definitely happening, and dead in its tracks.THEY MEET!U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia s Vladimir Putin shook hands at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit dinner in Vietnam on Friday, even though the White House said there would be no formal meeting.Trump and Putin smiled and stood next to each other for the traditional group photograph. Then they parted to sit at different parts of the table.The White House said earlier that no formal meeting was planned because of scheduling conflicts on both sides, though it was possible they would bump into each other. In terms of a scheduled, formal meeting, there s not one on the calendar and we don t anticipate that there will be one,  White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters minutes before landing in Danang.The main meeting of leaders from APEC countries is on Saturday in the Vietnamese resort city of Danang. Trump is on the fourth leg of a 12-day tour of Asia.Read more: Yahoo News",0
9466,BUSTED! DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ Flip Flops On Knowing Who Paid For Trump ‘Dirty’ Dossier [Video],"After he previously denied knowing about the dirty Trump dossier, DNC Chair Tom Perez now says no questions about how it was paid for You can t have it both ways Tom Perez and the Democrats claimed they didn t know who paid for the Trump  Dirty  Dossier but now they flip flopped and claim they were in-fact doing opposition research on President Trump. There is a big question mark here THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THE EXTREME AND VERY DIRTY LEFT HAS TAKEN OVER THE DNC:OUR LATEST REPORT ON PEREZ SHOWS WHAT A NASTY MAN HE IS:The DNC Chair Tom Perez took his delusional and very nasty attitude on Fox Business this morning Maria Bartiromo let him have it with a dose of  brutal truth about the direction the Dems are going in Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. Things got off to a fairly normal start, with Bartiromo asking the DNC Chairman about his party s victories in Tuesday s elections .Then Bartiromo hit a nerve when she mentioned the accusations about Clinton fixing the primary.Perez shot back:  Maria, I understand that when the Democrats win as they did across the board last night that you would like to focus on other things Then, after Perez touted Obamacare   and Bartiromo said the health care system was imploding   the two went back and forth, with Perez attempting to defend the Affordable Care Act and Bartiromo grilling him on whether he has spoken to Sanders since Brazile s revelations.BARTIROMO KEPT COMING BACK AT PEREZ WITH TRUTH BOMBS: Does somebody owe Bernie Sanders a phone call, since now we know what took place, and everything was rigged, and you were behind Hillary Clinton?  she charged. Maria I don t know if this is a lecture or a Q&A, you tell me,  Perez lamented. She then asked Perez about why the DNC did not turn their computers over to the FBI for an investigation, to which he replied:  Maria, you re in a fictional wonderland right now. Perez tried to turn the conversation back to Tuesday s election results, claiming them as proof that voters embraced the Democrats  vision.BEST LINE OF THE INTERVIEW: I haven t heard a vision!  Bartiromo shouted back.  Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. READ MORE: MEDIAITE",0
9467,JUST IN: WaPo Reporter Who Broke News On Judge Roy Moore Story Has A Criminal History Of “Faking”,"Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is denying that he romantically pursued teenagers as young as 14 while he was in his 30s after a bombshell report. The women accusing Moore told the Washington Post that when they were between the ages of 14 and 18, he romantically pursued them.One woman, Leigh Corfman, told the Post that when she was 14 years old in 1979, a 32-year-old Moore  took off her shirt and pants and removed his clothes. Corfman told the Post that Moore  touched her over her bra and underpants, she says, and guided her hand to touch him over his underwear. The outspoken social conservative said in a statement the four women quoted by the Washington Post are lying. This garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation,  Moore said.Former White House adviser Stephen Bannon helped Moore trounce establishment favorite Luther Strange in a September Republican primary, over President Trump s warning that Moore was less electable.Moore currently is in a close race against Democrat Doug Jones ahead of a Dec. 12 election.   Washington ExaminerStephanie McCrummen, the reporters who co-wrote the Washington Post hit piece on Judge Roy Moore, apparently has a history of  faking  things like fake checks for instance According to the anti-Trump publication, Red State, McCrummen, who works for the Washington Post, (who many consider to be  fake news, after using mulitple  unnamed sources  in an attempt to tie President Trump to the Russians), has a criminal record that involves writing a FAKE check.Ms. McCrummen has a rather interesting criminal history herself, as public criminal records in multiple states stretching across 4 time zones have shown.Ms. McCrummen s criminal history began with North Carolina Case # 1992 CR 00654, a violation of the Article 19   False Pretenses and Cheats section of the North Carolina Criminal Code. Ms. McCrummen was convicted of a crime punishable by up to six months of imprisonment for writing a hot check that was deemed worthless.Ms. McCrummen s other offenses are all traffic related and in 2010, she was tracked down by the courts after she had escaped Arizona s jurisdiction to D.C., and her case was assigned to the Fines/Fees and Restitution Enforcement (FARE) Program established to collect delinquent court ordered restitution, fines, fees, and surcharges . After the FARE team tracked her down at her Washington D.C. apartment, they finally appeared to get her attention and on October 23, 2010 she paid the defaulted fine to the criminal court, almost two months after her conviction. McCrummen has now found herself a four-time loser in the states  criminal courts. She currently resides outside of the jurisdiction of the three states where she committed her crimes.Sean Hannity ripped into the media frenzy over the Judge Moore scandal on his show last night. The left is calling for his head today:.@seanhannity EVERYONE deserves the presumption of innocence before proven guilty. Not to mention these allegations coming out days before an election!#RoyMooreChildMolester pic.twitter.com/SEAC7GP0TU  Shell Covfefe  (@MichelleRMed) November 10, 2017When a reporter has a criminal history that essentially proves she gave false information to pay a debt or for services, shouldn t her character come into question when it comes to making a 40 year old sexual allegation against one of the most hated, Steve Bannon backed conservatives running for office in America, that may help to enhance her career?  ",0
9468,PANDA ‘PHOTOBOMBS’ MELANIA TRUMP On Trip to Beijing Zoo and ‘Amazing’ Great Wall of China,"First Lady Melania Trump toured the Beijing Zoo and The Great Wall of China during her extended stay in China. While President Trump went on to APEC in Vietnam, Melania enjoyed the Panda Exhibit where a beautiful panda  photobombed  her in a great shot with 20 young school children: Notice the adorable bald eagle stuffed  animals that Melania passed out to the children The children, who held Chinese and American flags, were waiting for her outside of the zoo s Panda House.Melania has a way with children The children sang for her as she exited the zoo s Panda House.GREAT WALL:First Lady Melania Trump admired China from a rare position on Friday as she walked an empty section of the Great Wall along the outskirts of Beijing during a personal tour.Wearing a long tan skirt, black jacket and ballet flats, the 47-year-old former model took a cable car up to her destination, where she was greeted at the wall by an official.Mrs. Trump signed a guest book at the wall and accepted a scroll as a gift.She then climbed a flight of stairs and spent 30 minutes walking the Mutianyu section of the long wall   one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.As she returned to her cable car, Mrs. Trump paused to look out over the expanse. This is beautiful. This is amazing,  she said according to a US official standing with her on the platform.Read more: Daily Mail",0
9469,WATCH: ARROGANT Sexual Predator and Sometimes “Comedian” Louis C.K. Tells Stephen Colbert “Donald Trump Is An Insane Bigot and Hitler”,"The not so funny comedian Louis C.K. appeared on the Stephen Colbert show mostly to talk about his decision to send an email to his fans, where he told them that  Donald Trump is an insane bigot and Hitler . After the self-righteous  comedian  got some laughs from Colbert s liberal audience, Colbert asked them to settle down, that Louis C.K. admitted that after he sent the email, he  regretted it.   C.K. went on to say that he didn t really regret it, he just regretted  saying it , or in other words, he regrets that he was outed as a whiny, liberal, crybaby who can t control his emotions (our translation). One of the most interesting lines in the interview came after the Trump bashing where the outed sexual predator tells Colbert,  I wouldn t take it back. If you went back and fixed all the mistakes you made, you erase yourself. You know, there s just no point to that.  Good luck trying to  erase yourself  after you ve been outed creep Here s part of Louis C.K. s email to his fans: Please stop it with voting for Trump. It was funny for a little while. But the guy is Hitler. And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the 30s. Do you think they saw the shit coming? Hitler was just some hilarious and refreshing dude with a weird comb over who would say anything at all.And I m not advocating for Hillary or Bernie. I like them both but frankly I wish the next president was a conservative only because we had Obama for eight years and we need balance. And not because I particularly enjoy the conservative agenda. I just think the government should reflect the people. And we are about 40 percent conservative and 40 percent liberal. When I was growing up and when I was a younger man, liberals and conservatives were friends with differences. They weren t enemies. And it always made sense that everyone gets a president they like for a while and then hates the president for a while. But it only works if the conservatives put up a good candidate. A good smart conservative to face the liberal candidate so they can have a good argument and the country can decide which way to go this time.Trump is not that. He s an insane bigot. He is dangerous.Watch Louis C.K. joke around with Stephen Colbert about his disdain for President Trump, calling him a  Gross crook, dirty, rotten, lying sack of sh*t. The not so funny  comedian  was outed today as a serial sexual predator.NPR reported that Louis C.K. masturbated in front of multiple female colleagues, to their shock and dismay, according to women who spoke on the record to The New York Times about their experiences.The famous comic has been surrounded by rumors of sexual misconduct for years   specifically, allegations that he would masturbate in front of female colleagues.Last year, the comedian Roseanne Barr told The Daily Beast that C.K. was  about to get busted  for his conduct.  It s Louis C.K., locking the door and masturbating in front of women comics and writers. I can t tell you I ve heard so many stories,  she said. Comedian Tig Notaro acknowledged the allegations this summer and said C.K. needed to  handle  them.But previously, those stories were shared secondhand. Now, five women have spoken to the Times directly, with only one requesting anonymity. You can read the full story   which goes into much more detail   over at the New York Times.This Twitter user nailed it when it comes to just how disgusting Louis C.K. really is:Guys like Louis CK could just pay a sex worker. Could even request the sex worker play like she's uncomfortable if they likes. But they don't want that. The pleasure is in the actual discomfort of their victims, the power to overwhelm or make them just take it. It's horrendous.  Rae Sanni (@raesanni) November 9, 2017And here s the icing on the cake Louis C.K. admitting how he loves to masturbate everywhere on Fox News with Greg Gutfeld.This is Louis CK pic.twitter.com/el0FesJIhX  Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) November 9, 2017",0
9470,JUST IN: TRUMP’S LONGTIME Bodyguard Tells Congress What REALLY Happened When Russians Offered To “Send 5 Women To Trump’s Room”,"After a business meeting before the Miss Universe Pageant in 2013, a Russian participant offered to  send five women  to Donald Trump s hotel room in Moscow, his longtime bodyguard told Congress this week, according to three sources who were present for the interview.Two of the sources said the bodyguard, Keith Schiller, viewed the offer as a joke, and immediately responded,  We don t do that type of stuff. The two sources said Schiller s comments came in the context of him adamantly disputing the allegations made in the Trump dossier, written by a former British intelligence operative, which describes Trump having an encounter with prostitutes at the hotel during the pageant. Schiller described his reaction to that story as being,  Oh my God, that s bull -,  two sources said.The conversation with the Russian about the five women took place after a morning meeting about the pageant in Moscow broke up, two sources said.That night, two sources said, Schiller said he discussed the conversation with Trump as Trump was walking back to his hotel room, and Schiller said the two men laughed about it as Trump went to bed alone. Schiller testified that he stood outside Trump s hotel room for a time and then went to bed.One source noted that Schiller testified he eventually left Trump s hotel room door and could not say for sure what happened during the remainder of the night.Two other sources said Schiller testified he was confident nothing happened.Schiller said he and Trump were aware of the risk that hotel rooms in Moscow could be set up to capture hidden video, two sources said.Schiller was grilled about the Moscow trip as part of four hours of testimony before the House Intelligence Committee. The questioning around the Moscow trip took a significant amount of time, the sources said. Schiller was also asked about the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Donald Trump Jr. and Russians, two of the sources said. He testified that he did not recall much about that day. A White House lawyer familiar with the matter said that the White House  and fair-minded people are pleased that Mr. Schiller was able to debunk yet another of the false claims in the fantasy dossier funded by the DNC and the Clinton campaign and prepared during a time its foreign author worked closely with paid Russian operatives. A Navy veteran, Schiller worked part-time as a bodyguard for Trump while still an NYPD officer. He began working for Trump full-time after his retirement from the force in 2002 and became his director of security in 2004. He served as director of oval office operations in the Trump White House from January until September.  NBC News",0
9471,Wow! Japan’s Prime Minister Literally Did A Back Flip Into A Bunker During Golf With Trump [Video],"Japan s prime minister did something so discreetly that not even President Trump saw it! You won t believe this:The prime minister said his round of golf with visiting President Donald Trump was a good chance to relax and discuss difficult issues. It also was an opportunity to display some nimble gymnastics, according to Japan s TV Tokyo. The television network flew a helicopter over the Kasumigaseki Country Club on Sunday to capture the highly anticipated informal game.HERE S WHAT HAPPENED:It broadcast a video showing a player identified as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe trying repeatedly to hit his ball out of a steep bunker. As he finally made the shot, Trump began walking away, and Abe ran up the side of the bunker to catch up. But just as the 63-year-old prime minister stepped onto the grass, he slipped, making a backward flip down into the sand. He quickly stood up and picked up his cap.Trump apparently never noticed the flip as he walked away, his back to Abe. An attendant raking the sand also continued his work.Tabloid magazines raised questions over whether the two leaders really talked during the game. The popular Nikkan Gendai said they had little conversation, with Abe often falling behind Trump, who reportedly spent much of his time chatting with a third player, renowned Japanese pro Hideki Matsuyama.READ MORE: SFGATE",0
9472,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR LETS IT RIP! Comey’s a ‘Political Hack’…Sessions is in a ‘Coma’ [Video],"James Kallstrom is the former Assistant Director of the FBI who is no fan of former FBI Director James Comey. We ve reported several times on Kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). Check out his awesome take on how Comey  folded Wow!Kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: James Comey, the notion that Barack Obama was going to let Hillary Clinton was going to be indicted that was obvious to anybody who knows anything at the very beginning  Unfortunately, it turns out he was a political hack  I think he maybe started out in an honorable way. His opinion of himself is sky high. Unbelievable guy. Just an arrogance about him  I think he thought he was Superman and found out he wasn t. The dogs are always going to bite you on your heels when you re dealing with the Clintons. Look how long the American people have been dealing with the crime syndicate known as the Clinton Foundation  We got all these major crime things bubbling   All of which are 20 times bigger than Watergate! And nothing seems to be happening  The Attorney General is in a coma! James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerKallstrom endorsed Donald Trump for president He said he feels like America is  going down the tubes . We should listen to this man! He s been in the belly of the FBI beast and knows the truth. ",0
9473,WATCH: Hundreds of ILLEGAL ALIENS Storm Senate Building DEMANDING Citizenship…Where The Heck Is I.C.E.?,"A couple of quick questions come to mind when most law-abiding Americans see illegal aliens storming our government buildings:  Is there anywhere else in the world where hundreds of illegal aliens are storming government buildings that house lawmakers, to demand the same rights afforded to legal citizens? And does I.C.E. have the day off or something? Hundreds of illegal and legal immigrants descended upon the Hart Senate building Thursday afternoon, gathering in mass protest of the Trump administration s decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Act.#DreamActNow #CleanDreamActNOW #undocumented #unafraid Happening now! pic.twitter.com/oPFcZCYrXj  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017The protesters gathered in the Capitol to demand that members of Congress pass legislation for DREAMERers and DACA recipients.Happening Now! UndocuBlack joins hundreds of immigrant youth and we are taking over the Hart Senate building in Washington, DC #DREAMActNow@speakerryan #CleanDreamAct #CleanDreamActNOW pic.twitter.com/lLXPJro17v  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017Protests were not relegated to solely Washington, college students across the U.S. staged organized walkouts and rallies Thursday.Another group, the UndocuBlack Network, joined in on Thursday s Capitol protests. UndocuBlack describes themselves as a  multigenerational Network of Black undocumented people organizing our communities and building power. The UndocBlack Network just tweeted that they are not interested in any deals with Congress. The ILLEGAL ALIEN group tweeted:  We will not trade diversity visas, e-verify, so called chain migration!  Who knew that people living ILLEGALLY in our nation had so much power?BREAKING: @speakerryan and the GOP just Don't get it! We said #cleanDREAMAct #DreamActNow We will not trade diversity visas, e-verify, so called chain migration! https://t.co/vpaLrS07vg pic.twitter.com/t5CiKRBOys  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017House Republicans said Thursday that they are hoping to pass a bill help DACA recipients before the clock runs out on 2017. Roughly a dozen House GOP members think as many as 300 of the chamber s 435 members could get behind such a bill. No bill is going to be perfect, but inaction is just unacceptable. We stand here ready to work with the speaker s working group, with the White House, with our friends from both sides of the aisle to pass a legislative solution this year,  Rep. Dan Newhouse of Washington told reporters Thursday.  Every time that Congress kicks this can down the road, people, real people, are hurt. Via: Daily Caller",0
9474,MEGYN KELLY PRAISES Woman Who Flipped Off Trump: ‘What America’s All About’ [Video],"NBC host Megyn Kelly must be really desperate for guests to have on her new show. She just had on the woman who behaved like a child when she flipped off President Trump s motorcade.  This woman was fired from her job for this and has already gotten way too much attention Her 15 minutes of fame should be up now!The unbelievable part of the interview with Juli Briskman is when Kelly said the saga of flipping off President Donald Trump s motorcade spoke  uniquely to what America s all about Huh? Would Megyn Kelly be saying the same thing if the tables were turned and Obama was flipped off? What s so amazing and American about behaving like a spoiled child? The left has been showing their true colors since Trump won a year ago. It s disturbing when this woman is praised for her lewd and immature behavior. Grow up already! Between this and the extreme bitterness of the Clinton Grifters, it s just loserville at the DNC A photograph of Juli Briskman flipping off Trump s motorcade last month in Virginia as she rode her bicycle went viral, particularly among people frustrated with Trump s administration. However, after she posted it to her social media accounts, she was forced to resign from her job at Akima LLC.IT FELT  GREAT ?Briskman recounted why she decided to flip off Trump to Kelly, saying it felt  great FREE TO BE A JERK To me, it speaks uniquely to what America s all about. You can do that,  Kelly said.  That s the beauty of a free society. Whether you love President Trump or hate him, you are allowed to tell the president how you feel about him, whether it s President Obama or President Trump. That s one of our core ideals. HER 15 MINUTES OF FAME:This woman is definitely getting her 15 minutes of fame. She appeared on  MSNBC on Wednesday to discuss why she gave Trump the finger, calling it a  spur-of-the-moment decision. Lots of things were going through my mind about how disappointed I am with this administration,  she said.  I didn t really have any other way to express my opinion to Mr. Trump, and so the finger was what I had at the time. READ MORE: WFB ",0
9475,MICHIGAN Senate Approves Bill To Allow Concealed Carry In “Gun Free Zones” Or “Mass Murderer Empowerment Zones”,"Should legal gun owners be allowed to freely carry anywhere in their state, including dorm rooms and school campuses?In the wake of mass shootings in Las Vegas and Texas that left dozens of people dead or injured, a Michigan Senate committee approved bills Tuesday that will allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons in gun-free zones such as schools, churches, day care centers, bars, dorms, and stadiums.The shooting at a Baptist church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, on Sunday, which left 26 people dead and 20 more injured, makes state Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof, a Republican from West Olive, Mich., more certain that now is the time to take up the gun legislation. Some have said it s insensitive to bring up these issues now, but I feel quite the opposite,  he told a standing-room-only crowd in the Senate Government Operations Committee.  The recent events will allow us to look at how we can deter those who want to do harm. And responsible, well-trained, licensed concealed-pistol holders can be one of those deterrents. The bills taken up in the Senate Government Operations Committee passed on a party-line vote with Republicans supporting the three-bill package and Democrats opposing it. The bills also would close the open-carry loophole, effectively barring gun owners from openly carrying their weapons in gun-free zones.He gained support from gun rights groups, including the National Rifle Association and the Michigan Coalition for Responsible Gun Owners. The idea of having the ability to arm a well-qualified, well-trained individual is tantamount to setting out a scenario where we no longer set up a sheep for the wolf,  said Robert Rudowski of the gun owners group.Gun-free zones should be called  mass murderer empowerment zones,  said Steve Dulan, spokesman for the gun owners group.Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, a Republican, vetoed similar legislation in 2012, just four days after a horrific shooting in Newtown, Conn., when a heavily armed man muscled his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 20 first-graders and six adults.Snyder said that bill had a fatal loophole that didn t allow for those institutions to opt out of the new legislation and prohibit weapons from their buildings. His spokeswoman, Anna Heaton, said Tuesday that Snyder hasn t seen the latest version of the concealed- carry bills and hadn t taken a position on them.Meekhof said he has talked with Snyder about the new legislation and that he s  not necessarily  on board with it.  USA Today Never-Trumper  Governor Rick Snyder (R), who some Republicans believe leans to the left on more than one important issue, like vetoing legislation that would require MI voters to have a valid ID in order to vote, is currently facing some serious allegations related to the Flint water crisis.WXYZ   Harvey Hollins, the man Gov. Snyder appointed to handle the Flint Water Crisis, recently testified that he told the governor about increasing lead in Flint water months before Snyder told Congress he learned about it.The testimony came during the preliminary hearing for Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyons, who is facing involuntary manslaughter and misconduct in office charges for his alleged role in the water crisis.Hollins testified that he told Snyder in July 2015 and August 2015 that there were concerns about increased lead levels in Flint s water.During congressional testimony in March 2016, Snyder testified that he didn t even learn about the dangerous levels of lead in Flint s water system until October 2015. I told the governor that we re hearing a lot more folks complaining about lead, copper, and TTHM (total trihalomethanes),  Hollins testified.We d love to hear what you think about legal gun owners being able to carry anywhere in their state? ",0
9476,CLASSLESS CLINTONS Spew Coordinated Lies Against Trump On Late Night Shows: Imply Trump is a Dictator [Video],"Bill Clinton went on the Conan show and spewed bitterness towards President Trump At one point, he insinuated that Trump is a  member of the dictator s Club . He and Conan are both guilty of slamming our president while he s overseas trying to deal with the North Koreans and Chinese. The left will never stop with their bashing of Trump on a very personal level. It s not about policy but about name calling and nasty political games. Can you imagine if Obama had been treated even remotely like this? At one point in the interview Clinton says he thinks Trump is  winging it What a jack wagon! This is a coordinated effort between the former president and his grifter wife to bash Trump. See the video below where Hillary claims she s worried about Trump s government Sure she is  Did you catch the propaganda Clinton spewed about how America needs to import more  immigrants ? This globalist is a traitor to Americans who are jobless. Do we really need to import more needy people? No! Bill and Hillary Clinton both went on late night shows to spew hate for President Trump. No class! These two grifters have been fleecing the American people for over 25 years! Can they just go away already? HILLARY SAYS SHE S WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP S GOVERNMENT: This was obviously a coordinated effort to bash Trump as inept. Shame on her!Did you notice the arrogance with both of these grifters? It s sickening!",0
9477,NEW POLL Asks Trump Voters If They’d Vote For Him Again…Liberal Heads Will Explode When They See The Results,"One year later, and Donald Trump s supporters couldn t be happier with their choice for President. Prepare for liberal heads to explode in 5 4 3 2 1According to a POLITICO/Morning Consult poll conducted on the eve of the first anniversary of Trump s historic election, 82 percent of those who say they supported Trump last year would vote for him again if they had to do it over. That s slightly more than those who say they would vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton again   78 percent   if they had the chance.Only 7 percent of Trump voters and 8 percent of Clinton voters say they would vote for a different candidate if they could complete their 2016 ballot again.Trump s supporters have largely rallied around the president, despite his poor overall approval ratings, the chaos of his first year in office and the ongoing investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.But there are worrying signs for Trump that voters are less inclined to give him a second term three years from now if he decides to run for reelection.Those red flags go beyond the natural, downward trajectory of most new presidents. Like Trump, Barack Obama and George W. Bush saw their parties lose governorships in both New Jersey and Virginia the year after their first elections as president. But both Obama and Bush had job-approval ratings over 50 percent at this point.While most Trump voters would back him in a 2016 do-over, some defect when asked whether they will vote for Trump or a generic, unnamed Democrat in 2020. About three-quarters of Trump voters, 76 percent, back Trump in the 2020 matchup, while 8 percent would support the Democrat.  Politico",0
9478,LOL! DONALD TRUMP JR. Has HILARIOUS Response To Dinesh D’Souza’s Tweet About Donna Brazile Fearing For Her Life For Crossing Hillary,"In her new book  Hacks , Donna Brazile expressed concern for her safety after DNC staffer s mysterious murder:I felt some responsibility for Seth Rich s death. I didn t bring him into the DNC, but I helped keep him there working on voting rights. With all I knew now about the Russians  hacking, I could not help but wonder if they had played some part in his unsolved murder.But Brazile says she had a  spook,  with connections to the intelligence community, who told her after the killing that she needed protection for herself, including cameras, alarms and backup power at her house, and that she heeded his advice.Brazile was so concerned with Rich s death that she used her brief, only phone call from Hillary Clinton after the election loss to bring him up. She asked Clinton to use some of the millions of dollars the campaign had in order to set up a reward fund to find his murderer. But Hillary said she  really had to go. I knew the campaign had over $3 million set aside in a legal fund. Could she help me get this lawsuit started? And don t forget the murder of Seth Rich, I told her. Did she want to contribute to Seth s reward fund? We still hadn t found the person responsible for the tragic murder of this bright young DNC staffer. You re right, she said. We re going to get to that. But she really had to go. She had made the call and checked it off her list, and I accepted after we said our goodbyes that I might never hear from her again.Dinesh D Souza tweeted in response to the excerpts from Brazile s book about her fears about crossing Hillary:   When Donna Brazile feared for her life for crossing the Clintons you know you are dealing with an unscrupulous gang of thugs When Donna Brazile feared for her life for crossing the Clintons you know you are dealing with an unscrupulous gang of thugs pic.twitter.com/Ze2omu1ypG  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) November 5, 2017Donald Trump Jr., whose epic tweets have become  must reads  for anyone who loves a good laugh, had this hilarious response about Brazile s fear of Hillary Clinton (think Vince Foster) to Dinesh D Sousa s tweet: I assume she was very fearful of involuntary suicide??? https://t.co/sMM45gnTUE  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) November 5, 2017",0
9479,"WATCH: FEEL GOOD VIDEO OF THE DAY…One Year Later…HILARIOUS Video Reminds Us Of How Democrats, The Media, and Hollywood Promised Us Donald Trump Would Never Win","Sit back, relax, and enjoy the left telling their viewers and fans how Donald Trump will never win the presidency.Now watch the same media and Hollywood freaks meltdown over Trump s win that they said would never happen. It s hard to imagine how much hate these poor liberals have in their hearts.So, just how much has President Trump accomplished since he won the election on November 8, 2016?Vice President Mike Pence offers a list of President Trump s accomplishments since he won the election, only one year ago today:Thanks to the president s leadership, the American economy is roaring. Businesses have created nearly 1.5 million new jobs. Manufacturers haven t been this confident in 20 years. The stock market is setting records, creating nearly $5 trillion in wealth for the pension, retirement and savings of the American people. And after eight years of lackluster growth, the economy has already expanded by at least 3% for two quarters in a row.The U.S. economy is making a comeback because President Trump has taken decisive action to spur a new era of opportunity, prosperity and growth.We ve unleashed American energy, approved the Keystone and Dakota pipelines, and under President Trump, the  war on coal  is over.We re appointing originalists to the federal courts, to uphold the Constitution and all our God-given liberties. And President Trump put Justice Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court.President Trump has also taken decisive action to ensure the safety and security of the American people, at home and abroad. He has stood without apology with the men and women of law enforcement. We re securing our borders, enforcing our laws and taking the gang members, drug dealers and violent criminals off our streets.The president is putting our veterans first. He signed bills to restore accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs and give veterans access to the world-class care they deserve.We re rebuilding our military. President Trump has already signed the largest increase in defense spending in nearly 10 years, and we are working with Congress to pass one of the largest investments in the national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan.With renewed American strength, the president is achieving real results on the international stage.Our NATO allies are contributing more to our common defense. ISIS is on the run, and its caliphate is crumbling. This president reaffirmed the credibility of American power when he enforced a red line against chemical weapons in Syria. He put Iran on notice and made it clear that we cannot certify the Iran nuclear deal. And our administration has brought unprecedented economic and diplomatic pressure to bear on North Korea.It has been a year of accomplishments, and we re just getting started. Before this year is out, we ll pass historic tax cuts for the American people. And with President Trump s leadership, I know: We will Make America Great Again. ",0
9480,IS YOUR CONGRESSMAN Selling You Out For More ‘Refugees’?,"When President Trump announced that the U.S. would take 45,000 refugees  for Fiscal Year 2018, it was a lower number than previous years but don t forget we take another 50,000 in the Diversity Visa Lottery! We have taken more refugees than any other nation in the world Our congress wants more We re not kidding! 100 of them sent a letter to President Trump begging for more MORE VOTES FOR DEMOCRATS To Read the entire letter: CONGRESS WANTS MORE REFUGEESHERE S THE PART REQUESTING MORE REFUGEES:The refugee number is woefully insufficient when compared to the millions of people who have been forced to flee their home countries. Establishing a PD of 45,000 is the lowest refugee admissions goal in our nation s history. This would prevent tens of thousands of people from enriching American communities while seeking safety, protection, and an opportunity to provide a better future for themselves and their families in the United States.PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO TELL THESE CONGRESSCRITTERS THAT YOU DON T WANT MORE REFUGEES:Eddie Bernice JohnsonDonald S. Beyer, Jr.Earl BlumenauerLisa Blunt RochesterSuzanne BonamiciRobert A. BradyAnthony BrownMichael CapuanoSalud CarbajalTony C rdenasAndr  CarsonJudy ChuDavid N. CicillineKatherine ClarkYvette D. ClarkeSteve CohenJohn Conyers, Jr.J. Luis CorreaJoe CourtneyJoe CrowleyElijah E. CummingsDanny K. DavisPeter DeFazioDiana DeGetteJohn K. DelaneyMark DeSaulnierTed DeutchDebbie DingellLloyd DoggettMichael DoyleKeith EllisonEliot L. EngelAnna G. EshooAdriano EspaillatElizabeth H. EstyDwight EvansBill FosterLois FrankelRuben GallegoJohn GaramendiJimmy GomezJosh GottheimerGene GreenRa l GrijalvaLuis V. Guti rrezColleen HanabusaAlcee L. HastingsBrian HigginsJames HimesEleanor Holmes NortonPramila JayapalHakeem JeffriesMarcy KapturWilliam R. KeatingRobin L. KellyJoseph P. KennedyRo KhannaDaniel T. KildeeJames LangevinRick LarsenJohn B. LarsonBrenda L. LawrenceBarbara LeeSander LevinTed W. LieuZoe LofgrenAlan LowenthalStephen LynchCarolyn B. MaloneyDoris MatsuiBetty McCollumJames P. McGovernGwen MooreSeth MoultonJerrold NadlerGrace NapolitanoDonald NorcrossBeto O RourkeFrank Pallone, Jr.Jimmy PanettaBill Pascrell, Jr.Donald Payne, Jr.Ed PerlmutterScott PetersChellie PingreeMark PocanJared PolisDavid PriceMike QuigleyJamie RaskinBen Ray LujanLucille Roybal-AllardBobby RushTim RyanJohn SarbanesJan SchakowskyAdam SchiffBradley S. SchneiderRobert C.  Bobby  ScottJos  E. SerranoCarol Shea-PorterAlbio SiresLouise SlaughterAdam SmithDarren SotoEric SwalwellMark TakanoDina TitusPaul TonkoNorma J. TorresNiki TsongasJuan VargasMarc VeaseyFilemon VelaNydia Vel zquezPeter J. ViscloskyTimothy WalzDebbie Wasserman SchultzBonnie Watson ColemanPeter WelchJohn Yarmuth",0
9481,TIP OF THE ICEBERG: Four Somali Muslim ‘Refugees’ Busted Lying To Get Citizenship,"The Diversity Visa Lottery began with a leftist desire to for more  diversity  in America Senator Chuck Schumer owns this ridiculous program that allows 50,000 people from all over the globe to obtain a visa to come to the U.S. The problem as with so many other well-meaning government programs is that it s full of fraud and is in addition to the thousands upon thousands of other refugees we already bring in every year! The latest example of fraud in this program comes out of the Somali Muslim state of Minnesota Yes, Minnesota is  overrun with Somali Muslims Four of those Muslims are going back to Somalia because of their fraud:Ahmed Mohamed Warsame aka Jama Solob Kayre, 54, a native of Somalia, using the fictitious identity of Jama Solob Kayre, applied for and received a beneficiary diversity visa as the fictitious spouse of Fosia Abdi Adan, the principal diversity visa immigrant of the fictitious family. Warsame unlawfully obtained his visa as the spouse of a diversity visa immigrant from the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa, Yemen, under the DV Program on Jan. 10, 2001. Warsame arrived and was admitted to the United States on May 30, 2001, on his diversity immigrant visa as a permanent resident.Throughout the diversity visa application process, Warsame fraudulently claimed that he was married to Adan and that he and Adan had three children together. Such children included Mohamed Jama Solob, the fictitious identity used by Mustaf Abdi Adan, and Mobarak Jama Solob, the fictitious identity used by Faysal Jama Mire. Adan and Warsame, who used the fictitious identity of Jama Solob Kayre, obtained a divorce in Minnesota for their fictitious marriage after Warsame was admitted as a permanent resident. Warsame continued to fraudulently represent his previous fictitious marriage and fraudulently represent his fictitious parentage of Mohamed Jama Solob and Mobarak Jama Solob, throughout the naturalization process. Warsame, using the fictitious name of Jama Solob Kayre, naturalized on Sept. 13, 2006. During his naturalization, he changed his name to Ahmed Mohamed Warsame. Warsame has been residing in St. Cloud, MinnesotaTHE FUNNY THING IS WE RE SUPPOSED TO TRUST THESE PEOPLE TO TELL THE TRUTH?Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the country s current immigration system is  easily abused by fraudsters and nefarious actors. Chain migration,  which gives priority for entrance to immigrants with family members,  only multiplies the consequences of this abuse,  Sessions said.SHUT THIS PROGRAM DOWN!",0
9482,BITTER RADICAL ERIC HOLDER Goes After ‘ORANGE MAN’ President Trump In Scorching Interview: ‘We want the America of Barack Obama’,"The information below is disturbing and should be a wake up call for  Americans that the left isn t taking losing lying down. This is war A war for the heart of America!The quote below from Steve Bannon also goes for the left and the radical elitists like Holder He continuously mocks President Trump in the interview below by calling him  orange man . Holder is seething with contempt and hate. It s shameful behavior from a man who was once a very powerful member of a presidential administration in America. He exposes himself for the hateful racist we knew he was. This is scary and should be a big reminder that the war isn t over with these people. Keep up the fight!Bannon is 100% correct on this:Former Attorney General Eric Holder says he is glad to be unshackled from his old job because employment with the National Democratic Redistricting Committee lets him lash out at Republicans like  orange man  President Trump.Politico recently went on the road with the NDRC s chairman in Virginia for get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, the Democratic nominee for Virginia governor.An interview at Rising Mount Zion Baptist Church in Richmond covered everything from NDRC s efforts to raise over $30 million for gubernatorial races to Mr. Trump s alleged role in empowering  neo-Nazis and white nationalists. I probably would not have [attacked Republicans like] that while I was attorney general,  he continued.  I didn t have an orange man who I was serving under, but, I mean, I would not have said that about a former president, for instance, while I was attorney general. But now, I m just a citizen and I ve got the full range of my voice back. The former attorney general also told Rising Mount Zion congregants that Mr. Northam s battle with Republican Ed Gillespie was important because  debts have to be repaid. Read more: WT",0
9483,DREXEL PROFESSOR BLAMES ‘Whiteness’ and ‘Entitlement’ For Texas Church Shooting [Video],"The Drexel University professor who tweeted  all I want for Christmas is white genocide  recently blamed  whiteness  for the Texas massacre that killed 26 people. The outward hate for  whiteness  coming from this so-called professor is disturbing. It s no secret that he detests anyone white and wants to especially demonize white men. Disgusting!George Ciccariello-Maher, who is currently in exile from Drexel s campus and is only teaching online classes, argued in a Democracy Now! interview Monday that  whiteness  and white  entitlement  is the motivating factor behind mass-shootings.Although he noted that mental illness is a factor, Ciccariello-Maher argued that  we can t lose sight of these broader questions,  asking  what is happening with regard to not only white people, but white men, in particular? Ciccariello-Maher argued that there is an  institutional apparatus  that trains white men  in violence and that encourages them to feel as though they re on the losing side of history,  adding that many white males feel like  victims  of society.When white men feel like victims, he contended, they lash out. You know, Trump makes hay out of the fact that white men, in particular, feel as though they re the victims of this society, despite being in absolute control of it,  he said at the end of a lengthy statement regarding the Texas church shooting.  And this is something that is powerfully dangerous, and it s why we re not seeing only the rise in violent attacks, more generally, and the rise of far-right movements, but we re certainly seeing, you know, clearly, sort of some very serious incidents of mass violence, as well. TRANSCRIPT FROM INTERVIEW:AMY GOODMAN: But I wanted to bring George Ciccariello-Maher into this conversation, of Drexel University. You have been you wrote immediately after the Las Vegas massacre, where the 64-year-old white man named Paddock had opened fire on concertgoers below, killing 59 of them. After you wrote, you were banned from the Drexel campus, after questioning why mass shootings in the United States are almost always carried out by white men? Is that right?GEORGE CICCARIELLO MAHER: Yes. And to be clear, when I began to write about what had happened in Las Vegas, I was really writing about this broad question, right? And I think this is a question that we all need to grapple with: When you see these cases of sort of mass this shocking mass brutality, what is it that makes white men so prone to this kind of behavior? And what might be going on today in our country, in which people are stoking a sort of victim complex among white men? You know, what might be happening today to encourage this kind of behavior and to radicalize these kind of actions?And I was immediately subject to a torrent of sort of abuse and threats from, you know, right-wing media outlets. And, you know, we re talking about Breitbart, The Daily Caller and these kind of websites. And it was on the basis of those, and the purported threats that they represented, that I was excluded from campus. My classes were initially canceled, despite the fact that in my classes we had had conversations about this, despite the fact that my students are very knowledgeable and intuitively grasp what is going on in the world around them, and were open to having conversations about these difficult things.AMY GOODMAN: So, your response to what happened on Sunday?GEORGE CICCARIELLO MAHER: I mean, I think we re seeing these kinds of atrocities occurring, and we need to be really asking not only  What can we do?  I think these are important questions what kind of immediate institutional reforms, whether it s targeted you know, targeted gun control for domestic violence might be effective, but we also can t lose sight of these broader questions, and ask,  What is going on in our society today? What is happening with regard to not only white people, but white men, in particular? What is going on with regard to race and gender as they function together? And in this case, in particular, again, we don t know all the facts. We don t know all the details. But we re talking about institutions, that also serve as breeding grounds for violent behavior. We re talking about not only sexual assault in the military, but domestic abuse of those surrounding it and those outside of it. And we re talking about other institutions, as well, that you could bring into the picture, institutions like policing, in which domestic violence is absolutely rife and in which it s very difficult to keep weapons out of the hands of those domestic abusers.And so, we need to think very deeply, I think, about the structural role of what s going in the society. Trump is abroad selling weapons. And we ve got someone who, in this case, apparently, was trained, you know, trained to engage in violence abroad. And yet we act surprised when these people have breaks, when they fall into some kind of crisis, when they find maybe feelings of entitlement frustrated, that they then resort to violence, when we re talking about a structure and institutional apparatus that trains people in violence and that encourages them to feel as though they re on the losing side of history. You know, Trump makes hay out of the fact that white men, in particular, feel as though they re the victims of this society, despite being in absolute control of it. And this is something that is powerfully dangerous, and it s why we re not seeing only the rise in violent attacks, more generally, and the rise of far-right movements, but we re certainly seeing, you know, clearly, sort of some very serious incidents of mass violence, as well.AMY GOODMAN: You know, what s interesting, yesterday, for hour after hour, after this horror on television you know, it came out that there was this mass killing in Texas, and they said the worst church massacre in U.S. history, and they said the worst Texas massacre no one was saying anything about the killer, hour after hour. But clearly, people had seen him, right? Some had survived, people outside, the police. He was dead, whether it was self-inflicted or someone shot him. They clearly knew. And they were talking about, one, the tragedy and, two, not saying anything. And it only led us to believe it must be a white man who did this, because we would have known, I think, right away if the person was a person of color or, certainly, Muslim. We know that often before when it s a case where someone is a Muslim or person of color, that s what they say immediately. Now it was just left hanging, and so you knew that this would be the case.GEORGE CICCARIELLO MAHER: That s absolutely the case, I think. You know, whiteness is never seen as a cause, in and of itself, of these kinds of massacres, of other forms of violence, despite the fact that whiteness is a structure of privilege and it s a structure of power, and a structure that, when it feels threatened, you know, lashes out. And so, that s the kind of thing that we really need to think about, not only why is it and I think there s a lot of attention to the fact that we demonize often Muslims or, you know, other people of color when these attacks occur. The far right, of course, jumps on any violence by people of color and yet, you know, doesn t want to talk about the real deep structures of white supremacy in our society, and again, not just the fringe, not just the Nazi movements, but what people are going through every day and what it is that is driving people to these kinds of situations, where they feel so entitled to dominance that when that s questioned, they can explode in these very, very unpredictable ways AMY GOODMAN: And then GEORGE CICCARIELLO MAHER:  and on targets that, you know, are not you know, it s not a question of white supremacy playing a role simply because someone is targeting people of color. We re talking about people who are having, you know, mental clear mental issues. But again, the cause needs to be identified outside and beyond that, and we need to think much, much harder about what s going on in our society that makes it so sick.AMY GOODMAN: And very clearly, to clarify, so what is your status now at Drexel? And explain how other people have been treated in other situations. You cannot go on campus?GEORGE CICCARIELLO MAHER: Yes, that s that is the status at this point. I m currently teaching classes online. My students are protesting and mobilizing to have me returned to campus, because there s no reason, certainly, to exclude faculty from campus for having important public conversations and for teaching about hard questions. That s what we re there to do.But what you re seeing is a broad wave of aggression against faculty. You ve seen dozens of cases, whether it s, you know, Tommy Curry at Texas A&M, Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor at Princeton, Johnny Eric Williams at Trinity College. You re seeing far-right websites creating, stoking outrage, attacking faculty members who dare to speak about white supremacy and racism. That s really the common thread of all these cases, is these are anti-racist faculty members, usually people of color, who are targeted, who are attacked, who are threatened, and really having their lives threatened, over being willing to talk about what s going on in the country today.AMY GOODMAN: Well, George Ciccariello-Maher, we want to thank you for being with us, political science professor at Drexel. ",0
9484,IS CROOKED HILLARY Getting Ready To Compete With Creepy Joe Biden In 2020…As Both Career Politicians Fight For Credit Over Dem Seats Won In BLUE STATES Last Night,"The Republican Party should be so fortunate, as to have three aging, white, career politicians like Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders running against each other while representing the future of the  diverse  Democrat Party LOL!Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden gave themselves a pat on the back for the gains made by Democrats in yesterday s off-year election. For Clinton it was that her political group, Onward Together, supported a number of new progressive grass roots groups that did a lot of work on the ground.  Last night was a great reminder of what s possible when we come together and fight for what we believe in,  Clinton tweeted Wednesday morning.  So I wanted to take a few minutes to celebrate the extraordinary successes of a few groups I   and Onward Together   proudly fight alongside. For Biden, who is keeping the door open to a 2020 presidential bid, it was his candidate picks.In a note, to supporters, Biden said Americans voted for a  different kind of leadership.   And last night, nearly every single candidate that I endorsed at your recommendation was elected,  he wrote.  Daily MailWhy were Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden both taking credit for wins in VA, a blue state that went for Hillary in 2016 and, in spite of constantly being referred to in the media as a  swing state , hasn t been a  red state  since 2004 (see chart below):New Jersey is and has been a blue state for decades, so all of the self-congratulations and patting themselves on their own backs seems rather odd unless of course, Hillary and Joe are setting themselves up for what would be the most entertaining ever Democrat presidential primary in 2020. Anyone who believes that Hillary isn t up for another fight doesn t know Hillary. Fingers crossed Hillary s great at taking credit for a win, but prefers to blame everyone but herself when she loses bigly : Hillary Clinton has blamed Russian hackers for her loss   along with many others. DailyMail.com has been keeping trackJames Comey The FBI Vladimir Putin The Russians Wikileaks Low information voters The electoral college Anti-American forces Everyone who assumed she d win Bad polling numbers Barack Obama White women The New York Times Joe Biden Bernie Sanders Bernie bros People wanting change Misogynists Television executives Netflix Facebook Twitter Content farms in Macedonia The media Steve Bannon and Breitbart The Democratic Party The Republican Party Cambridge Analytica Women protesters Matt Lauer White voters Democratic documentary makers Voter suppression Mitch McConnell The Supreme Court Father Husbands Boyfriends Male bosses ",0
9485,FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP Just Set Alec Baldwin Straight On His Lie About Her,"MELANIA TRUMP never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her Alec Baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the First Lady!A spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of President Donald Trump. That is not true, which is why Mr. Baldwin has no actual names to go with his bizarre assertion,  the spokeswoman told The Hill on Monday.The  Saturday Night Live  star had made the remarks on WYNC s  The Brian Lehrer Show  Monday.The 59 year-old actor claimed the first lady  told this person, very high up in the White House brass there, that,  That s exactly what he s like. Baldwin has been doing his impersonation of Trump for well over a year now on NBC s late-night sketch comedy show and won an Emmy Award in September for his portrayal of Trump.The president is not a fan, however, tweeting last year that the impression  just can t get any worse  and calling the show  unwatchable.  in a tweet from December of last year:Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016THE BIG LIE FROM BALDWIN: Apparently, Trump is horrified and beside himself that his wife actually thinks it s funny,  Baldwin claimed Monday.The  30 Rock  star was promoting his new book,  You Can t Spell America Without Me: The Really Tremendous Inside Story of my Fantastic First Year as President Donald J. Trump. (A So-Called Parody). READ MORE: BPR",0
9486,BRAZILE’S BOMBSHELL BOOK Exposes How The Media And Democrat Party Hid Hillary’s Serious Illness,"Silly, silly Donna Brazile. She s publishing a book detailing turmoil in the Democratic Party during the 2016 campaign, highlighted by her concern that Hillary Clinton was seriously ill and might need to be replaced by Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders.Was the Democrat Party setting up Joe Biden to replace Hillary when she accompanied him to his hometown in Scranton, PA? The media completely ignored Hillary s inability to walk or stand unassisted in front of, and inside Joe s childhood home, that was all caught on this incredible, but mostly hidden video. In the video below, Hillary can be seen using the arm of the homeowner for support while reaching for the railing next to the stairs to stabilize herself. She can be seen repeatedly grasping for the railing outside, and then later on, when Hillary s inside the home, she seems unable to stand on her own, as she grasps for the backs of chairs and the kitchen table.Watch:Earlier in the day, Vice President Joe Biden was forced to help the seriously ill Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton down from the podium where she spoke at a small rally.What s the big deal? There s no news here because all this was well-known and covered at the time by the big national newspapers and networks, right?Wrong. If Brazile were rehashing things we knew, there would be no book and no bombshell headlines now.Instead, she has thrown open a new and very big window on 2016   and exposed yet again the consequences of the political biases of the Democratic media.The missed stories are not merely the result of mistakes or sloppy reporting. Brazile s book is a revelation in that it shows that many left-leaning journalists didn t so much cover Clinton as cover up for her.Put it this way: How is it possible that the leader of the Democratic Party was talking to colleagues about trying to replace its nominee during the general election because of health concerns, and none of the thousands of journalists covering the campaign got wind of it?It s not possible   if the media had been playing it down the middle and holding both candidates to the same standard of scrutiny. But big media missed a big story because so much campaign  news  coverage was tilted toward defeating Donald Trump and electing Clinton.Anything that could possibly suggest Trump was unfit for the Oval Office   bingo, front page, top of the broadcast.On the other hand, anything that could hurt Clinton was downplayed or ignored. Nothing to see here, move along.The coverage of Clinton s health was a prime example of the tilt. Her coughing fits, especially a long one on Labor Day, and a history of falling were pointed out by the popular Drudge Report, some Republicans and smaller, conservative-leaning sites to suggest she was not being honest about her health.But her campaign always denied anything was wrong   allergies, the candidate, and her flacks insisted, caused the persistent coughs, and major news organizations mostly nodded their heads and stayed mum, accepting the official denials without skepticism.The dam cracked a bit on Labor Day, when an NBC reporter filed a 91-word, four-paragraph story that said Clinton had been unable to finish her speech in Ohio because of a coughing fit.The truth was dangerous, so the Praetorian Guard sprang to Clinton s defense. The NBC reporter, Andrew Rafferty, was mocked and insulted, first by the campaign, and then by journalists, including some MSNBC commentators who turned on their colleague as if he had violated a secret oath.CNN joined the Clinton amen chorus, and at the Washington Post, political writer Chris Cillizza denounced the topic of Clinton s health as  a totally ridiculous issue  and declared it a  sure-fire loser  for Trump. It s hard to plausibly insist, based on the available data, that Clinton is ill,  insisted Cillizza, who is now at CNN.Five days later, Clinton was unable to walk on her own and collapsed at the 9/11 ceremony in Manhattan as she tried to get into a van. The campaign insisted she was just  dehydrated  until a short video of the incident aired, then admitted the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia days earlier.In other words, the claim of allergies was a big fat lie. That prompted Brazile to contemplate starting the process of replacing Clinton, writing in her book that the campaign also was  anemic  and had  the odor of failure.  She says she considered numerous tickets to replace Clinton and Sen. Tim Kane, and decided that Biden and Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) would be the best.It s not clear how long she deliberated or how many people she talked to, but Brazile writes that Biden called her on Sept. 12. In the end, she says, she made no move because she couldn t disappoint Clinton s supporters.For entire story: NYP",0
9487,THEY KNEW! Donna Brazile Blows DNC Secret Wide Open: Exposes Sickening Reason DNC Remained Silent After Russians Hacked Their Emails,"Is there a more corrupt and power hungry group of people anywhere in the United States? Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and the entire DNC are the reason for Donald Trump s meteoric rise to the White House after never running for a political office in his lifetime. When the Democrats complain about Donald Trump, they only need to find a mirror, to help them understand why he is so wildly popular with Americans who are sick and tired of the Washington cesspool Donna Brazile says in her new book the Democratic National Committee (DNC) went against professional advice and sat idly for a month while Russians stole data because primaries were still underway in a number of states.In May, when CrowdStrike recommended that we take down our system and rebuild it, the DNC told them to wait a month, because the state primaries for the presidential election were still underway, and the party and the staff needed to be at their computers to manage these efforts,  Brazile wrote in her new book,  Hacks. For a whole month, CrowdStrike watched Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear operating. Cozy Bear was the hacking force that had been in the DNC system for nearly a year. Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear are cybersecurity firms that have reported ties with Russian hackers. Both groups are blamed for the hacks on the DNC in 2016. CrowdStrike is a private U.S. cybersecurity firm that oversaw the protection of the DNC s servers.The DNC was under the leadership of Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida in May 2016 the time Brazile is describing in the passage. Shultz resigned in July, notably, over a series of leaked emails that showed DNC officials colluding to undermine Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont s campaign.Brazile s comments, if true, show that the DNC s privately contracted cybersecurity firm advised the Wasserman Schultz -led committee to break down and rebuild its cyber operation to protect against alleged threats. The DNC chose to go against the advice in order to see the Democratic primaries play out, which ended with Clinton becoming the Democrats  nominee.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
9488,MARIA BARTIROMO Gets Into Heated Interview With DNC Chair Tom Perez: “Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left!” [Video],"The DNC Chair Tom Perez took his delusional and very nasty attitude on Fox Business this morning Maria Bartiromo let him have it with a dose of  brutal truth about the direction the Dems are going in Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. Things got off to a fairly normal start, with Bartiromo asking the DNC Chairman about his party s victories in Tuesday s elections .Then Bartiromo hit a nerve when she mentioned the accusations about Clinton fixing the primary.Perez shot back:  Maria, I understand that when the Democrats win as they did across the board last night that you would like to focus on other things Then, after Perez touted Obamacare   and Bartiromo said the health care system was imploding   the two went back and forth, with Perez attempting to defend the Affordable Care Act and Bartiromo grilling him on whether he has spoken to Sanders since Brazile s revelations.BARTIROMO KEPT COMING BACK AT PEREZ WITH TRUTH BOMBS: Does somebody owe Bernie Sanders a phone call, since now we know what took place, and everything was rigged, and you were behind Hillary Clinton?  she charged. Maria I don t know if this is a lecture or a Q&A, you tell me,  Perez lamented. She then asked Perez about why the DNC did not turn their computers over to the FBI for an investigation, to which he replied:  Maria, you re in a fictional wonderland right now. Perez tried to turn the conversation back to Tuesday s election results, claiming them as proof that voters embraced the Democrats  vision.BEST LINE OF THE INTERVIEW: I haven t heard a vision!  Bartiromo shouted back.  Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. READ MORE: MEDIAITE",0
9489,BUSTED! Proof That Trump Jr. Meeting With Russian Lawyer Was A Set-Up…DNC Payoff? [Video],"Lou Dobbs goes after Fusion GPS and their connections to the DNC in the video below The evidence is clear that the Trump Jr. meeting with a Russian lawyer was a total set up by Fusion GPS Was the Hillary camp responsible? How involved was the Obama administration? Dobbs names several in the Obama administration who could have been involved in the set-up FUSION GPS LIED ABOUT KNOWING ABOUT MEETING:Fusion GPS responded in a statement:  Fusion GPS learned about this meeting from news reports and had no prior knowledge of it. Any claim that Fusion GPS arranged or facilitated this meeting in any way is false. BUSTED! MEETING BETWEEN FUSION GPS AND RUSSIAN LAWYER BEFORE AND AFTER:The co-founder of Fusion GPS, the firm behind the unverified Trump dossier, met with a Russian lawyer before and after a key meeting she had last year with Trump Jr. The contacts shed new light on how closely tied the firm was to Russian interests, at a time when it was financing research to discredit then-candidate Donald Trump.The opposition research firm has faced renewed scrutiny after litigation revealed that the DNC and Hillary Clinton s campaign paid for that research. Congressional Republicans have since questioned whether that politically financed research contributed to the FBI s investigation of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign   making Fusion s 2016 contacts with Russian interests all the more relevant.DNC MONEY FUNNELED THROUGH LAW FIRM TO FUSION GPS?The June 2016 Trump Tower meeting involving Donald Trump Jr. and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya occurred during a critical period. Bank records show Fusion GPS was paid by a law firm for work on behalf of a Kremlin-linked oligarch while paying a former British spy Christopher Steele to dig up dirt on Trump through his Russian contacts.But hours before the Trump Tower meeting on June 9, 2016, Fusion co-founder and ex-Wall Street Journal reporter Glenn Simpson was with Veselnitskaya in a Manhattan federal courtroom. Court records show email correspondence and published reports corroborate the pair s presence together. They also were together after the Trump Tower meeting.Read more: Fox News",0
9490,DIAMOND and SILK Have Message For GOP Candidates Who Don’t Embrace Trump After Ed Gillespie Loses Governor’s Race In VA,"After Ed Gillespie lost the VA Governor s race tonight, President Trump tweeted,  Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before! While President Trump tried to help Gillespie by using his enormous influence on social media, the truth is, Ed Gillespie didn t want Trump to campaign with him in a state that has been a blue state since 2004. Virginia was one of the few so-called  swing  states that went for Hillary in the 2016 presidential election.Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 8, 2017On Oct 7, 2017, the Washington Examiner reported that Virginia s Republican nominee for governor Ed Gillespie was keeping President Trump at arm s length, suggesting that he viewed him as a liability in his campaign against Democratic Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam.Trump, in an unexpected Thursday evening tweet, urged Virginians to vote for Gillespie on Nov. 7, while charging that Northam was soft on gang violence. Gillespie welcomed the president s get-tough-on-crime message, but didn t have much to say about Trump himself.That didn t go unnoticed by one big Trump supporter, John Fredericks, a talk radio host in Southern Virginia who asked Gillespie during a Friday conference call with reporters whether he wanted the president to campaign for him down the stretch.Fredericks told the Washington Examiner in a subsequent interview that Gillespie s hesitance to embrace Trump could cost him on Election Day. Ed failed to capitalize on a golden opportunity to amplify the president s enthusiastic endorsement of him,  said Fredericks, who served as the vice chairman of the Trump campaign in 2016. I was flabbergasted that the Gillespie campaign chose to downplay the president s tweet,  he added.  This is a game changer. If Ed can motivate Trump voters to show up on Nov. 7, he ll win this election. A simple re-tweet and thank you would have gone a long way in solidifying Trump voters  support for Gillespie. After it was announced that Gillespie had lost the race, Diamond and Silk, who are Trump s #1 fan girls, tweeted a message to  Republican Politicians that s running for office:  If you don t support our President and his agenda, then the people will not Support you!  #AlwaysBetOnTrumpA message to these Republican Politicians that's running for office: If you don't support our President and his agenda, then the people will not Support you! #AlwaysBetOnTrump pic.twitter.com/nRxdTWKOgK  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) November 8, 2017Time will tell, but it was probably the biggest mistake of Ed Gillespie s political career to not ask President Trump to campaign in Virginia on his behalf.",0
9491,LIBERALS ARE GOING To Be Furious Over What This Texan’s T-Shirt Said During Live TV Interview,"Thank God a hero with a gun emerged in Sutherland, Texas, and was able to prevent an even worse tragedy at the hands of a mentally unstable man, who should ve been behind bars, or in a maximum security mental institution.Fox News   Because of the right to use modern weaponry for the defense of life, liberty and property is natural, we should not need a government permission slip before exercising it, any more than we need one to exercise other natural rights, such as speech, press, assembly, travel, and privacy.Yet since the Progressive era 100 years ago   ushered in by Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson and enabled by nearly every president since   the government has taken the position that it can care for us better than we can care for ourselves. So it has severely curtailed our rights and left us reliant on the government itself for protection.The modern-day massacres are proof beyond a doubt that the government cannot protect us.Daily Caller   Mike Jordan, a Texas man whose son witnessed the church shooting in Sutherland, Texas that took the lives of 26 and injured several more, wore a pretty edgy t-shirt during an appearance on Fox News Monday night.Jordan, who was interviewed by Laura Ingraham about the role guns played in the shooting that left 26 dead, wore a shirt that said,  Buy a gun. Annoy a liberal. Jordan said that his son usually carries but left his firearm at home on Sunday when the shooting took place. A small town like this, you know, people go to church, they disarm, leave their guns in the car, because you don t expect something like this to happen,  Jordan explained.  What if this was the day he didn t leave that firearm at home? What if he did take it with him? If you have one person on the inside that is armed to return fire, it may not have stopped people from dying  but it would have been a distraction, it would have gotten that guy s attention,  he said.",0
9492,"OUCH! CHUCK TODD HUMILIATES DNC Chair Over Sickening VA Governor TV Ad Democrats Won’t Denounce: “I Drive A Pickup Truck, Am I Racist?” [VIDEO]","It s hard to shame someone when they have no shame If you live in Virginia and you haven t voted for Ed Gillespie (R) for Governor yet, this ad, and the DNC Chair s unapologetic tone for its disgusting content will make you want to run to the polls before they close. Hopefully, this ad will be the push Ed Gillespie needed to get him across the finish line in Virginia.While most condemned the Latino Victory Fund ad that ran during the closing days of Virginia s gubernatorial race, which showed a supporter of Republican candidate Ed Gillespie driving a pick-up truck and running down Hispanic, Muslim, black, and Asians kids, Democratic National Committee Chair Tom Perez seemed to be fine with it. It also appears that the Democratic candidate, Ralph Northam, coordinated with LVF to push that ad; LVF listed the ad as a $60,000+ in-kind media contribution. There s nothing wrong with that, but Northam said this ad was totally outside his campaign operation. Not true.Speaking with Meet the Press s Chuck Todd, Perez said that there s been a lot of dog whistling in this race and that Northam was trying to unite people. Right so, you do that by apparently coordinating with the LVF to push an ad that says white people are all racists, drive pickup trucks, love the Confederacy, and just cannot wait to run over nonwhites in the street? The Roanoke Times, which isn t a Republican-friendly paper, aptly noted that what this ad conveys is that Republicans are bad people, and if you support them you re a bad person. It portrays white rural voters as genocidal, and while they offer Hillary Clinton some cover they say her remarks were misinterpreted the LVF ad conveys a  deplorable -like tone.   TownhallThe NBC Meet The Press host, Chuck Todd commits a courageous and unexpected act of journalism, when he asks the unapologetic DNC Chair Tom Perez:  Aren t you stereotyping? I drive a pickup truck. Are all pickup truck drivers racist? Do you understand why some people think the ad implies that? Watch the exchange here: Here is the disgusting ad that has since been pulled off the air in its entirety: ",0
9493,NEW FINDINGS SHOW TWO IMPORTANT Words Were Deleted From Cowardly Comey’s Remarks About Hillary That Could’ve Ended Her Presidential Bid,"The word  crooked  doesn t only apply to Hillary. Sadly, America is finding out that there are very few people in positions of power who we can trust. Perhaps the reason President Trump has so many loyal supporters is that Americans believe he s the only person in Washington with the courage and ability to actually drain the cesspool of corrupt government agencies in Washington DC Early drafts of former FBI Director James Comey s remarks about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server acknowledged that there was evidence she had violated a federal statute prohibiting  gross negligence,  but that phrase was deleted, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley.Grassley, who chairs the Judiciary Committee, has been investigating the formulation of Comey s controversial July 2016 remarks in which he announced that the FBI would not seek criminal charges following its probe into Clinton s use of a private email server.The Iowa Republican on Monday said the FBI had recently turned over records relating to then-Director Comey s statement. The FBI included in those documents what Grassley said appears to be a May 2, 2016 draft of Comey s exoneration statement.The draft was written two months before Comey s July 5, 2016 press conference in which he said that he did not believe Clinton had broken any laws even though she had been  extremely careless  in her handling of sensitive, highly classified material.In the draft in question, Grassley said the Comey statement included the following sentence:  There is evidence to support a conclusion that Secretary Clinton, and others, used the private email server in a manner that was grossly negligent with respect to the handling of classified material. The same draft included the following sentence:  Similarly, the sheer volume of information that was properly classified as Secret at the time it was discussed on email (that is, excluding the  up classified  emails) support an inference that the participants were grossly negligent in their handling of that information. Despite this reference to  gross negligence,  Grassley said the same draft statement goes on to determine she should not be prosecuted for a crime.Grassley asked for more details about the documents, including copies of the drafts in their original format and all records relating to discussions about why the edits were made, in a letter sent to FBI Director Christopher Wray Monday. As you are aware, 18 U.S.C. 793(f) makes the mishandling of classified material through gross negligence a criminal act,  Grassley wrote.  Although Director Comey s original version of his statement acknowledged that Secretary Clinton had violated the statute prohibiting gross negligence in the handling of classified information, he nonetheless exonerated her in that early May 2nd draft statement anyway, arguing that this part of the statute should not be enforced. Grassley said later edits,  on or around about June 10  remove those two sentences and include the following sentence instead:  Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Comey had the opportunity to charge a woman, who has been accused of breaking the law numerous times, with a crime, and in doing so, would have proved to all of America that nobody, even if their last name is  Clinton , is above the law. Once again, however, Crooked Hillary managed to wriggle off the hook of justice Grassley and Sen. Lindsey Graham, (R., S.C.) said in late August that Comey began drafting a statement rejecting the idea of charging Clinton with a crime over the email issue two months before Clinton was interviewed in the FBI probe. The senators released partial transcripts of interviews the Judiciary Committee conducted with U.S. officials to back up the statement.For entire story: WFB ",0
9494,LEFTIST ACTOR GEORGE CLOONEY Announces Break From Acting…“I Don’t Need Money” After LATEST MOVIE TANKS and Actress Accuses Him of Getting Her “BLACKLISTED” For Reporting Sexual Abuse,"In fly-over country, and pretty much anywhere in between the east and west coasts of America, people are sick and tired supporting the arrogant, condescending, anti-American, Trump hating,  liberal actors  and Hollywood is finally starting to feel the pain in their pocketbooks. Over the weekend, the 56-year-old actor, liberal activist, and Harvey Weinstein bestie, George Clooney, told The Sunday Times Hollywood isn t a priority for him anymore. Look, I acted for a long time and, you know, I m 56,  explained Clooney.  I m not the guy that gets the girl anymore. I shouldn t be the guy that gets the girl. However, there s a more obvious reason why the father of 5-month-old twins has chosen to take a step back from acting. [But], look, if somebody s got Paul Newman in  The Verdict,  I d jump,  he said.  But there aren t that many like that. Acting used to be how I paid the rent, but I sold a tequila company for a billion f g dollars. I don t need money. Back in June, Clooney confirmed that he and his business partners   nightlife businessman Rande Gerber and real estate mogul Mike Meldeman   sold their tequila company Casamigos for $1 billion.  Fox NewsBut are the Clooney twins and George s enormous net worth really the reason he s  taking a break  from acting or could it have more to do with the fact that middle-America has lost their appetite for actors who fund and use their positions to propagandize for leftist causes and politicians?George Clooney s  Suburbicon  that debuted over the Halloween weekend, notched one of the most dismal wide-release debuts in recent years.Despite debuting on more than 2,000 screens,  Suburbicon  managed just $2.8 million, making it one of Paramount Pictures  worst performing wide-releases ever and marking a new box-office low for Clooney as a director and star Matt Damon.Perhaps one of  Clooney s biggest problems is that Americans aren t willing to support the leftist actor, after that little prediction he made about Donald Trump s chances of winning the presidential election in 2016:The arrogant Clooney, who according to Page Six was accused by Vanessa Marquez, a former  ER  actress, who claims she was sexually and racially harassed daily on set   and George Clooney helped  blacklist  her from Hollywood when she complained.George Clooney is also going to have some trouble shaking his association with accused rapist and serial sexual assaulter Harvey Weinstein, who was at one time, a close personal friend of the actor.  say if he s going to stay out of the limelight completely. He was quick to tell The Sunday Times that the current political climate has inspired him to possibly pursue politics. However, the Hollywood star stressed he s not ready to tackle that role.The Sunday Times   Clooney won t say if he s going to stay out of the limelight completely. He was quick to tell them that the current political climate has inspired him to possibly pursue politics. However, the Hollywood star stressed he s not ready to tackle that role. So many people since Trump was elected have really been pushing on me to get more involved in actual politics, specifically at the highest office,  he explained.  I don t have political aspirations. He added,  I have always been involved in politics. My father ran for Congress. It s been in our family forever. But, mostly, I can help in ways I actually know very well, like messaging [voters]. Our advice to Clooney would be to stick to the fake world of Hollywood because real Americans don t even want to see your movies, let alone see you making laws on our behalf ",0
9495,WATCH: WIFE OF NFL PLAYER Admits RAIDERS “All-Black Offensive Line Allowed” QB Dereck Carr “To Get Injured” As Payback For Not Supporting Anthem Protests,"The Oakland Raiders have been in the news quite a bit lately, and unfortunately, for NFL football fans, it has little to do with football, and everything to do with an anti-cop social justice movement, and a certain player s bad behavior. The Raiders team made the news when most of the members of the team kneeled for the national anthem.  On October 1, 2017, running back Marshawn Lynch entered the Sports Authority stadium wearing an  Everybody vs Trump  t-shirt before the Oakland Raiders  game against the Denver Broncos. Lynch then sat during the playing of the national anthem. While Lynch sat for the October 1st game, most of his teammates knelt.Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch wearing an ""Everybody vs Trump"" T-shirt: pic.twitter.com/7aiCUbjLUD  Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) October 1, 2017According to Miko Grimes, wife of Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Brent Grimes, the Oakland Raiders offensive line actually stood down and allowed Derek Carr to get hurt because he didn t agree with, nor did he join the team s anthem protests.Here is the play Miko Grimes was referring to when Oakland Raiders quarterback Dereck Carr was hit in the back while his offensive line allegedly stood by and watched, as a punishment for not joining the team in their Black Lives Matter-inspired protest of our flag:Derek Carr suffers back injury. #Raiders pic.twitter.com/kqDhq9cCmY  Peter Joe (@RaiderPosts) October 1, 2017Miko Grimes made an appearance on  The Breakfast Club  where she emphatically claimed the star quarterback s views on the anthem protests led to his offensive line allowing him to get crushed. A lot of people don t know, but the reason Derek Carr got injured was because the Raiders offensive line allowed him to get injured,  Miko explained as she launched into her story.  Daily CallerWatch Grimes  incredible allegation about how the Raiders allowed their quarterback to be injured as a sick payback because he was against his team s anti-cop social justice movement. Grimes was quick to point out that the Oakland Raiders has the  only all-black offensive line in the NFL.  She also mentioned that they had a fight in the locker room prior to the game and before the players went out to play the game that Carr was injured in, the players already had a plan in place to ensure that he would be left unprotected..@iHeartMiko shares little know allegation about Derek Carr's injury. #TheBreakfastClub pic.twitter.com/7XF54oh3U7  REVOLT TV (@RevoltTV) November 7, 2017On October 20, 2017, Oakland Raiders running back and national anthem kneeler, Marshawn Lynch, was ejected after he left the sidelines to physically attack a referee with whom he disagreed with.",0
9496,SHOWBOATING DEMOCRAT Walks Out of Moment of Silence for Texas Massacre Victims: ‘Screw the NRA’,"You have to believe this junior Democratic Congressman is a bit unhinged and immature when you read what he did during a moment of silence for the Texas victims. He walked out of the moment of silence Monday night for victims of this weekend s mass shooting at a Texas church. The Democrats have politicized the shooting in Texas from day one This showboating politician thought of politics before honoring the victims of the shooting in Texas (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Posted by Ted Lieu on Monday, November 6, 2017FOX NEWS REPORTED:California s Ted Lieu said that he would not join his colleagues who were observing the moment of silence in the chambers of the House of Representatives: I can t do this again I ve been to too many moments of silences. In just my short period in Congress, three of the worst mass shootings in us history have occurred. I will not be silent. I urge us to pass reasonable gun safety legislation, including a universal background check law supported by 80 percent of Americans, a ban on assault rifles and a ban on bump stocks. WHAT LIEU FAILED TO REVEAL:The shooter should not have been able to purchase guns! The Air Force made an error and did not report the shooter so he would be flagged. The laws are in place Mr. Lieu! SCREW THE NRA My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families affected by the mass shooting in Sutherland Springs,  he posted on Twitter Sunday.But just two hours later, after some of his followers objected to the measured nature of the tweet, Lieu unloaded on the NRA:I agree my prior tweet could be better. So here: I pray for the victims in TX. Also, screw the @NRA & can you help Dems take back the House.  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) November 5, 2017",0
9497,WOW! Donna Brazile Was Warned To Protect Herself After Seth Rich Murder…When Brazile Asked Hillary To Use Some of Her Millions To Help Find Rich’s Murderer…Hillary Abruptly Ended Phone Call,"Is former DNC Chair Donna Brazile attempting to tie Hillary to the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich in her new book  Hacks ? What does Brazile know? Is she in danger if she says too much? Is Brazile offering just enough information, so that authorities are pressured into looking into a connection with Hillary and Seth Rich s murder?  From her book  Hacks :I felt some responsibility for Seth Rich s death. I didn t bring him into the DNC, but I helped keep him there working on voting rights. With all I knew now about the Russians  hacking, I could not help but wonder if they had played some part in his unsolved murder. Besides that, racial tensions were high that summer and I worried that he was murdered for being white on the wrong side of town. [My friend] Elaine expressed her doubts about that, and I heard her. The FBI said that they did not see any Russian fingerprints there.Daily Caller   Brazile repeatedly returns to the subject of being haunted by Rich s murder, even though other Democrats have pounced on anyone who suggested that the murder was anything other than a robbery gone wrong. The DNC data staffer was killed days before Wikileaks began publishing its emails, and his valuables were not taken.100 Percent Fed Up   The private investigator, Rod Wheeler, who was hired by the Rich family to get to the bottom of the murder of their son, DNC staffer Seth Rich, offered startling information on the Rich murder case when he appeared on the Sean Hannity show on May 15, 2017.  Wheeler spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says that a  high ranking official at the DNC  wanted to know why he was snooping around.Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? Shorty after WND wrote a story that outed Donna Brazile as the  high ranking DNC representative who allegedly called the police to ask why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, Twitter SUSPENDED WND s account!Here s the title and an excerpt from the WND article:BOMBSHELL: DONNA BRAZILE WARNED OFF PRIVATE EYE ON SETH RICH MURDEREx-DNC chairwoman reportedly asked cops why investigator is  snooping  into mysterious case Alicia Powe and Liz Crokin wrote the story that was also posted to and deleted from the social media platform by Twitter: Former Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile is the high-ranking DNC representative who allegedly called police and the family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich and demanded to know why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, the private eye revealed to WND Monday. The high-ranking DNC official that called the police after I inquired about Rich s case was Donna Brazile,  veteran homicide detective Rod Wheeler told WND.  Why shouldn t I reveal who it was? Brazile, who was also a CNN contributor and a Hillary for America donor at the time, was caught providing Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton with questions that would later be asked of Clinton at a televised CNN town hall. In an interview with Fox News before the election, Brazile denied leaking the questions to Clinton. But in a March 17, 2017, column for Time magazine, she finally admitted doing so, saying it was a  mistake I will forever regret. According to WND, their Twitter account was suspended because of this Seth Rich investigation bombshell.Daily Caller   But Brazile says she had a  spook,  with connections to the intelligence community, who told her after the killing that she needed protection for herself, including cameras, alarms and backup power at her house, and that she heeded his advice.I knew the campaign had over $3 million set aside in a legal fund. Could she help me get this lawsuit started? And don t forget the murder of Seth Rich, I told her. Did she want to contribute to Seth s reward fund? We still hadn t found the person responsible for the tragic murder of this bright young DNC staffer. You re right, she said. We re going to get to that. But she really had to go. She had made the call and checked it off her list, and I accepted after we said our goodbyes that I might never hear from her again.",0
9498,HOW CAN ANYONE TRUST THEM? TWITTER Admits To Hiding ANTI-HILLARY and Negative DNC Tweets During Election,"The move by a Twitter employee last week to ban President Trump from the social media platform for 11 minutes received a great deal of attention and offered people a glimpse into how easily someone at Twitter can stop the flow of information from a source he does not like.What did not get a great deal of attention, however, was the fact that Twitter s Acting General Counsel, Sean Edgett, admitted in a prepared statement to the Senate Judiciary Committee that the platform regularly blocked tweets offering information that could paint the Clinton Campaign and DNC in negative lights.Writing for NewsWars, Jerome Corsi notes:At a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism on Tuesday, Sean Edgett, Acting General Counsel for Twitter, admitted in his prepared testimony that Twitter employed in the 2016 election algorithms that censored out hashtags critical (of) Hillary Clinton, including the hashtag #PodestaEmails and the hashtag #DNCLeaks. Is anyone surprised?Twitter execs long ago began showing their biases against conservatives to such an extent that even USA Today brought it up, noting that Twitter s behind-the-scenes team was quick to ban right-wingers like Milo Yiannopoulos for digs he made at the brilliant and ever-so-entertaining actress Leslie Jones.Yet, conservatives say, nothing happened to rapper Talib Kweli and his followers when they attacked black Breitbart reporter Jerome Hudson with racial slurs. When Breitbart contributor Kassy Dillon complained about a Twitter user who sent her harassing tweets and messages, Twitter made the perpetrator delete one tweet that suggested someone shoot Dillon in the head. Now, the big story that many in the pop media evidently don t want you to see is that Twitter actually admits to having censored tweets that might have spread real information injurious to HRC and the DNC during the 2016 election. The Twits claim that they were simply stopping  spambots  from filling their precious space with tweets from unreal people (one might ask how authentic most politicians seem to be in the first place, but that s a different matter), but hidden in their statements are some  tells  that indicate otherwise.For example, Dr. Corsi observes that in sworn testimony to the Judiciary Committee, Edgett stated:For example, our automated spam detection systems helped mitigate the impact of automated Tweets promoting the #PodestaEmails hashtag, which originated with Wikileaks  publication of thousands of emails from the Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta s Gmail account. The core of the hashtag was propagated by Wikileaks, whose account sent out a series of 118 original Tweets containing variants on the hashtag #PodestaEmails referencing the daily installments of the emails released on the Wikileaks website.So, automatically, what Mr. Edgett has admitted tells us that Twitter intentionally tried to stop the circulation of information offered by an authentic user, Wikileaks, offering authentic information that Wikileaks had published revealing real, confirmed e-mails sourced from John Podesta and the DNC. Those e-mails shed extremely important information about corruption within the DNC that worked against Bernie Sanders  campaign, and in favor of Mrs. Clinton s campaign, and later revealed extremely important information about what Mrs. Clinton knew about the attempted overthrow of Syria and the underlying, unconstitutional reasons for the overthrow of Qaddafi in Libya.Edgett also testified that Twitter hid 25% of the  #PodestaEmails  tweets, andAs described in greater detail below, our systems detected and hid just under half (48%) of the Tweets relating to variants of another notable hashtag, #DNCLeak, which concerned the disclosure of leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee. Those would be the e-mails that revealed towering corruption at the DNC and in many offices of pop media   things like new reporters working with the Clinton campaign to offer her easy questions, things like Donna Brazile, then an employee of CNN, feeding Hillary questions prior to a debate with the electrifying wildman, Bernie Sanders.These are issues that were real, and the more people knew about them, the more they disliked Mrs. Clinton   and the more she and the DNC hackmeisters pushed the spurious  Russia Hack  narrative to deflect from their own malfeasance.For entire story- MRCTV ",0
9499,AIR FORCE ERROR Allowed Texas Church Gunman To Buy Guns,"A CHECK AND BALANCE BETWEEN THE MILITARY AND THE NCIS NEEDS TO BE PUT IN PLACE!As more details come out on the motive behind the Texas church shooting, the Air Force came out and admitted they didn t file the criminal record and court-martial  into the federal database Horrible! The angry man has a history of aggression and violence. His former in-laws belonged to the church that was the scene of the massacre of innocent churchgoers:Kelly was on bad terms with his wife s mother, Michelle Shields (pictured below), who was a member of the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs where the massacre took place on Sunday. He had been sending threatening texts to her on the morning of the shooting. At an afternoon press conference, police revealed that Kelley had  expressed anger towards his mother-in-law  and sent her  threatening texts . She was not in the church but her mother was killed in the church. Lula White (pictured below) is the grandmother-in-law of the shooter It s too bad this animal was able to walk the streets harming people his entire life. We re with President Trump and believe that this man s mental health problem is the issue here .HOW WAS HE ABLE TO GET GUNS?A sporting goods store in San Antonio just reported they sold a weapon to Kelley. They obviously had none of the information they needed in the background check to refuse the sale of the gun.AIR FORCE MISHANDLING OF RECORDSA day after a gunman massacred parishioners in a small Texas church, the Air Force admitted on Monday that it had failed to enter the man s domestic violence court-martial into a federal database that could have blocked him from buying the rifle he used to kill 26 people.The conviction of the gunman, Devin P. Kelley, for domestic assault on his wife and infant stepson   he had cracked the child s skull   should have stopped Mr. Kelley from legally purchasing the military-style rifle and three other guns he bought in the last four years. But that information was never entered by the Air Force into the federal database for background checks on gun purchasers, the service said. The Air Force has launched a review of how the service handled the criminal records of former Airman Devin P. Kelley following his 2012 domestic violence conviction,  the Air Force said in a statement.  Federal law prohibited him from buying or possessing firearms after this conviction. The statement said that Heather Wilson, the Air Force secretary, and Gen. David Goldfein, the Air Force chief of staff, had ordered the Air Force inspector general to work with the Pentagon s inspector general to  conduct a complete review of the Kelley case and relevant policies and procedures. The Air Force also said that it was looking into whether other convictions had been improperly left unreported.  The service will also conduct a comprehensive review of Air Force databases to ensure records in other cases have been reported correctly,  the statement said.",0
9500,BUSTED! WATCH MEDIA’S FAKE VIDEO Trying To Make Trump Look Bad…Media Outlets Spread #FakeNews [Video],"CNN and many other news outlets think they re smarter than all of us who are on social media. A fake news story has been going around the web that makes President Trump look like he committed a faux pas while participating in a traditional Japanese ceremony. In a video posted early Monday morning, CNN noted that Trump fed fish with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe by  emptying the whole box of food into a koi pond  during his tour of Asia THAT S NOT WHAT REALLY HAPPENED!Trump joined his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in feeding fish, emptying the whole box of food into a koi pond https://t.co/Aho7J2YUru pic.twitter.com/dPB9xwKNOB  CNN (@CNN) November 6, 2017What they didn t show is that the Japanese Prime Minister poured out his food BEFORE President Trump did the same:Yes, the news media has been keeping this fake news story going. WGN Chicago had a misleading photo and title today that even anti-Trump readers called them out on it. Well, well, well We looked and the post has been removed from Facebook. We re glad we got a screenshot of this!Yes, it looks like Trump was the jerk who spoiled the moment by dumping the food BUT it s NOT true!SCREENSHOT OF POST REMOVED FROM FACEBOOK AFTER THE OUTCRY: Even though most people know the story is fake, there are those anti-Trump dumbos who bought it hook, line and sinker:CNN started this fake news ball rolling and news outlets like Chicago s WGN kept it going How many other local news outlets did the same? And we wonder how Trump s supposed  poll numbers  could be so low? How does President Trump fight a media that constantly does this?Please spread the truth on this!Here s the CNN video:Trump joined his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in feeding fish, emptying the whole box of food into a koi pond https://t.co/Aho7J2YUru pic.twitter.com/dPB9xwKNOB  CNN (@CNN) November 6, 2017HERE THE TRUTH:",0
9501,LYING D.C. MAYOR’S Fear Mongering Caught On Video: Tax Cut Will ‘Kill Us’…Money Goes To ‘People Like Trump'[Video],"The DC Mayor decided to push class warfare during her appearance to push against the election of Ed Gillespie for Virginia governor what a bunch of bs! She s counting on ignorance to get votes for the Dems.Washington, D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser (D.) spoke on Saturday at a  Get Out The Vote  canvassing event in Arlington, Va. where she claimed Virginia Republican gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie s tax cuts will  kill us. Speaking with Democratic supporters and campaign volunteers, Bowser talked about the importance of believing  climate change is real  and said Democrats will focus on transportation and education before mentioning Republican candidate Ed Gillespie s plan for tax cuts. Certainly those terrible tax cuts are going to kill us kill us,  she said.  And so we need a Governor of Virginia that s going to help lead the entire Virginia delegation so that we re really supporting the middle class and not just the big guys. She then asked the crowd if they could imagine taking money out of neighborhoods like the one they were canvassing in, and giving it to  billionaires like Donald Trump. No!  the crowd yelled. That s exactly what s on the table,  Bowser said.Gillespie s tax cut plan  cuts individual income tax rates by 10 percent across-the-board, putting nearly $1,300 per year back into the pockets of a family of four,  according to his campaign website.Virginia s gubernatorial election between Gillespie and his Democratic opponent, Ralph Northam, will take place on Tuesday, Nov. 7. Read more: WFBDOES ED GILLESPIE S TAX PLAN LOOK LIKE A KILLER TO YOU?",0
9502,TRUMP’S RESPONSE TO TEXAS SHOOTING Sends Anti-Gun Crowd Into Orbit [Video],"President Trump, waved off a question about gun control after Sunday s deadly shooting at a Texas church, saying:  This isn t a guns situation  and described the gunman as  deranged  At least 26 killed in shooting at Baptist church in Sutherland Springs, TexasComments by the anti-gun crowd on social media were ridiculous: Nothing to do with guns at all. Ridiculous statement. It s as if he can t even see reality. Is he alright? How can someone show their double-standards so blatantly ? Why is it not terrorism??wrong skin color I guess. A mental health problem at the highest level   . he said it! (and he is the highest level) America is pathetic. They love guns more then themselves. Blood is on every citizen s hands. PRESIDENT TRUMP S STATEMENT RIGHT AFTER THE SHOOTING:TRANSCRIPT:  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of todays murderous attack in Sutherland Springs, Texas. This horrible act of evil occurred as the victims and their families were in their place of sacred worship. We cannot put into words the pain and grief we all feel, and we cannot begin to imagine the suffering of those who lost the ones they loved. Our hearts are broken. But in dark times such as these, Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms. And through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong. My Administration is providing its full support to the state and local authorities investigating this horrible crime. I have spoken with Governor Abbott, and we offer our thanks to the first responders who ultimately stopped the suspect and rendered immediate and lifesaving aid to the victims of this shooting. I will continue to follow developments closely. All of America is praying to God to help the wounded and the families we will never leave their side. ",0
9503,LOL! MOTHER OF TWO Just Got A BIG SURPRISE From Her Employer After She Became A Hero To Democrats For FLIPPING OFF President Trump’s Motorcade,"The picture, snapped by a White House photographer traveling with the president as he left his golf course in Sterling, Va., went viral almost immediately. News outlets picked up the story when it appeared in a White House pool report. Late-night talk show hosts told jokes about the encounter and people on social media began hailing the unidentified woman as a  she-ro,  using the hashtag #Her2020.The woman s name is Juli Briskman. Her employer, government contractor Akima LLC, wasn t so happy about the photo. They fired her over it.Juli was so proud of her disgusting and hateful act of disrespect for our President that she posted the image of herself to the top of her Facebook page:In a Saturday interview with HuffPost, Briskman, a 50-year-old mother of two, said she was stunned that someone had taken a picture of her giving Trump the middle finger.As the photo circulated online, Briskman decided to tell Akima s HR department what was happening when she went to work on Monday. By Tuesday, her bosses called her into a meeting and said she had violated the company s social media policy by using the photo as her profile picture on Twitter and Facebook. They said,  We re separating from you,  said Briskman.  Basically, you cannot have  lewd  or  obscene  things in your social media. So they were calling flipping him off  obscene. Briskman, who worked in marketing and communications at Akima for just over six months, said she emphasized to the executives that she wasn t on the job when the incident happened and that her social media pages don t mention her employer. They told her that because Akima was a government contractor, the photo could hurt their business, she said.  Huffington Post",0
9504,MEDIA DOWNPLAYS Attack By Unhinged Neighbor On Senator Rand Paul…’Minor Injuries’ Not So Minor,"5 broken ribs with trouble breathing, lung contusions and life-threatening possibilities is not a  minor injury  as media claimed A senior adviser for Rand Paul says the U.S. senator is recovering from five broken ribs following an assault at his home.Doug Stafford said it is unclear when Paul will return to work since he is in considerable pain and has difficulty getting around, including flying. Stafford said Sunday that the broken ribs include three displaced fractures, which can lead to life-threatening injuries. The severe pain can last for weeks or months.Police arrested 59-year-old Rene Boucher on Saturday and charged him with misdemeanor fourth-degree assault with a minor injury. Boucher is accused of attacking Paul on Friday, but officials have not released a motive.Boucher lives next door to Paul and his wife, according to Warren County property records.Boucher was released from jail on Saturday. He has not returned a call seeking comment.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE ATTACK:Another unhinged Democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn Kentucky State Police have arrested a person accused of assaulting Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) at his home in Kentucky, the senator s office confirmed on Saturday. Senator Paul was blindsided and the victim of an assault,  Kelsey Cooper, a spokeswoman for Paul, said in a statement.  The assailant was arrested and it is now a matter for the police. Senator Paul is fine. The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Rene Boucher of Bowling Green, Kent., according to a statement from Kentucky State Police reported by the Bowling Green Daily News.  True PunditBoucher is an anesthesiologist and pain specialist. He got his medical degree from Des Moines University College of Osteopathic Medicine after being pre-med at Providence College in Rhode Island, according to Doximity. Boucher has practiced medicine in since 1982 and attended high school in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Between 1985 and 1993, Boucher was pain management specialist at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco where he also did his residency.In 2005, Boucher appeared on QVC marketing a rice-filled vest that was designed to alleviate back pain, reported the Bowling Green Daily News. The vest retailed at $30 and had to be microwaved before use. The website for Therm-a-Vest is no longer active. WAVE reports that Boucher retired in 2015.In May 2017, Boucher shared a story on Facebook about Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte assaulting The Guardian s Ben Jacobs in Bozeman, Montana. The assault was described as a  body slam  at the time. Boucher writes in his Facebook bio that he is in a relationship. The Bowling Green Daily News article about Boucher s pain relieving vest saw him city his wife, Lisa, as a reason for its success.Boucher is a registered Democrat. Since Trump s ascendency to the president, Boucher has been severely critical the GOP on Facebook. Boucher is shown to be an advocate for gun control and healthcare reform. There does not seem to be any posts that target Senator Paul.   Heavy ",0
9505,WHY DID TEXAS SHOOTER Shave His Beard Only Days Before He Massacred 26 in Local Baptist Church?,"At least 26 people have been killed inside a Texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.Confirmed reports are beginning to circulate that the shooter is a left-wing Antifa member, Devin Patrick Kelley (26), with military experience, acting out on behalf of the previously promoted November 4th Resistance via Antifa.  Kelley is a former U.S. Air Force member who served from 2010 to 2014. He was dishonorably discharged and court-martialed in May 2014, CBS News has learned. (Via CBS) [ ] Kelley is a former U.S. Air Force member who served from 2010 to 2014. Records confirm Kelley previously served in logistics readiness in New Mexico until his discharge in 2014, Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek said in a statement.Kelley was court-martialed in 2012 for two counts of assault on his spouse and assault on their child, Stefanek said. He received a bad conduct discharge and confinement for 12 months. He has a residence in New Braunfels, Texas, which is about a 35-mile drive from where the attack took place in Sutherland Springs.   Conservative TreehouseKelley showed off an image of a rifle on his Facebook page, calling it a  bad bitch :Although gun-control advocates will use Kelley as an example of why no American should be able to legally own a gun, it s worth pointing out that, given Kelley s dishonorable discharge from the Air Force, which is a felony, he would be banned from possessing a firearm in the U.S.:If Devin Kelley was dishonorably discharged from military it would mean he couldn t have legally bought a gun. It s same as a felony pic.twitter.com/nZITFHhdzn  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) November 6, 2017Kelley s Facebook page has now been deleted, but you can see a screenshot of the weapon he posted above. His profile picture showed two small children, which was a chilling juxtaposition next to the semi-automatic rifle that was his cover photo. According to The Daily Beast,  Kelley was married and Kelley s mother-in-law listed a P.O. box in Sutherland Springs as a mailing address. San Antonio police reportedly raided Kelley s home on Sunday evening he briefly taught at a summer Bible school.  He lived about 35 miles from the shooting scene.The shooter was described as a  white male in his 20s from outside San Antonio  by Mike Levine, a journalist for ABC News, who reported that law enforcement had uncovered a weapon photo on Kelley s Facebook page.  Authorities are now scrubbing his social media; on Facebook in recent days, he showed off an AR-15 style-looking gun,  Levine wrote. Authorities said the rifle used in the massacre was similar to the one Kelley posted on Facebook, but they could not confirm it was the same weapon.  HeavyKelley s Facebook page revealed that had recently shaved his beard. It s Kelley s response to a friend who asked him,  Don t you have a beard?  that s curious. Kelley s responded,  Not anymore. Long story. Although there is no evidence so far that indicates Kelley was radicalized by Islam, it s common knowledge, that before a Muslim commits jihad, they are to be cleanly shaven.Slate magazine explains why a terrorist shaves before blowing himself up:So he s clean when he enters heaven. Traditionally, Muslims purify corpses by washing the skin and nails and sometimes by shaving the pubic hair. But suicide attackers are deprived of a proper burial since there are usually no remains. To compensate, the attackers shear themselves ahead of time, both to guarantee some level of cleanliness at the time of instant incineration and to prove extreme devotion to personal purity. Some scholars offer an alternative explanation: They believe that suicide terrorists adopted the no-hair practice from the Pashtun tribesmen of Afghanistan, who shave their bodies before going into battle.Hair removal is mentioned in Islamic law as a method of maintaining personal hygiene. In addition to nail clipping, the sunnah instructs Muslim men and women to shave or trim pubic hair regularly and to remove underarm hair. Men must also clip their mustaches. In some circumstances, Muslims are encouraged to shave their heads. For example, Al-Bukhari, a ninth-century Muslim scholar who spent years collecting hadith, quotes the prophet as saying  May Allah bless those who shaved  during the Hajj (pilgrimage); and the Quran states that  ye shall enter the Sacred Mosque, if Allah wills, with minds secure, heads shaved, hair cut short, and without fear. Here are the FACTS we know from Texas LEO and FBI Press Conference: Largest mass shooting in state history  ~ Gov. Greg Abbott [Texas] 26 dead + Shooter = Total 27 [23 inside church, 2 outside, 1 hospital death] 11:20 am Suspect was seen dressed in all black. Tactical Gear and Ballistic Vest Weapon: Ruger AR-type Rifle. Eyewitness neighbor engaged shooter with his own rifle [possibly hit the shooter in neck]. Shooter dropped a weapon and fled in the vehicle. Citizen pursued the suspect in a vehicle. Police arrived at the vehicle, shooter dead. Ages of 26 victims: 5-years old to 72-years-old.Paul Joseph Watson posted a screenshot of some of the pages and issues that Kelley was interested in:These are the Facebook likes of the shooter, as being reported by Heavy and other outlets. pic.twitter.com/Lqw1ECwnLA  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 5, 2017While Kelley was clearly interested in atheism, he also appeared to be a liberal as it relates to social issues.Interests of shooter Devin Patrick Kelley, according to his LinkedIn page. https://t.co/ZXexIM4IRm pic.twitter.com/mSZwNAmE4j  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 6, 2017Hopefully, we ll get more details about the motive behind the worst shooting massacre in Texas history, faster and more accurately, than the misinformation campaign we ve been fed by local Las Vegas and federal authorities about the worst mass shooting in US history only one month ago ",0
9506,LA TIMES COLUMNIST Slammed For Mocking Sarah Sanders In ‘Sexist’ Article…What About The Cartoon?,"A political reporter for the Los Angeles Times is under fire from all sides for making sexist remarks about White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders in his latest anti-Trump column .WHAT ABOUT THE CARTOON???While David Horsey issued a lame apology for his article, he still has a cartoon up with the article that s a disgusting portrayal of Sarah Sanders. We hope you ll let Mr. Horsey know his lack of ethics is deplorable: David Horsey   LA TimesEven left-leaning columnists ripped into Horsey for his body shaming and very snarky remarks against Sanders:California resident, Claire Adida, said:  Hey, @latimes and @davidhorsey, you can do better. How about you focus on what she says rather than how she looks? While Adam Serwer, Senior Editor for The Atlantic, wrote:  Genuinely confused as to how this column got past an editor. Teen Vogue columnist, Lauran Duca, further added:  Things that are true at the same time: 1) Sarah Huckabee Sanders is an unabashed enemy of the truth 2) This profile of her is sexist trash. NASTY ARTICLE:In the article  Sarah Huckabee Sanders is the right mouthpiece for a truth-twisting president  published Wednesday morning, David Horsey compared Sanders to a  chunky soccer mom who organizes snacks for the kids  games. Horsey criticized Sanders, who was appointed the role back in July, for not meeting up to Trump s standards, as he suggested the aide  does not look like the kind of woman (he) would choose as his chief spokesperson. While the columnist pointed out positive aspects of Sanders  part in the Trump administration following the leave of Sean Spicer   Horsey veered into the misogynist comments.He said:  Rather than the fake eyelashes and formal dresses she puts on for briefings, Sanders seems as if she d be more comfortable in sweats than running shoes. Then added:  Yet, even if Trump privately wishes he had a supermodel for a press secretary, he is lucky to have Sanders. WHAT A NASTY MAN! DAVID HORSEY S EMAIL ",0
9507,JUST IN: Helicopter Crashes In Saudi Arabia KILLING 8 High-Ranking Officials Only One Day After Saudi King ARRESTS Trump-Hating Billionaire And Dozens More Cabinet Members,"Zero Hedge   In a shocking development, late on Saturday the Saudi press reported that prominent billionaire, member of the royal Saudi family, and one of the biggest shareholders of Citi, News Corp. and Twitter   not to mention frequent CNBC guest   Al-Waleed bin Talal, along with ten senior princes, and some 38 ministers, has been arrested for corruption and money laundering charges on orders from the new anti-corruption committee headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, while Royal princes  private planes have been grounded.Among those fired and/or arrested are the head of National Royal Guards, Miteb Bin Abdullah, the Minister of Economy and Planning, Adel Fakeih, and Admiral Abdullah bin Sultan bin Mohammed Al-Sultan, the Commander of the Saudi Naval Forces.As the local press further adds, the supreme committee chaired by Crown Prince and billionaire stops  on charges of money laundering. al-Waleed bin Talal is perhaps best known not only for his periodic CNBC appearances, but for his recurring on and off spats with president Trump:According to al Arabiya, among those sacked and/or arrested are Moteib Bin Abdullah, Minister of the National Guard, and Prince Khalid bin Ayyaf has been appointed as his replacement. A second Royal Order was issued to relieve Minister of Economy and Planning, Adel al-Faqieh, from his duties, and the appointment of Mohammed Al Tuwaijri as Minister of Economy and Planning.According to a Royal Decree issued by King Salman on Saturday the anti-corruption committee is chaired by the Crown Prince with the membership of: Chairman of the Monitoring and Investigation Commission, Chairman of the National Anti-Corruption Authority, Chief of the General Audit Bureau, Attorney General and Head of State Security.As Saudi analysts were quick to point out, the purge by the Saudi King means that King Abdallah s last remnants (Riyad firmer gov. & head of Nat. Guard); media moguls; SAGIA & financial policy officials have been purged.As Bloomberg notes, changing the head of the National Guard, an institution that s been controlled by the clan of the late King Abdullah,  is not like changing the minister of oil,  said Kamran Bokhari, a senior analyst with Geopolitical Futures and a senior fellow with the Center for Global Policy.  I wouldn t be surprised if this leads to greater fissures within the royal family. Arabiya adds that King Salman also issued sacking and replacement orders for Admiral Abdullah bin Sultan bin Mohammed Al-Sultan, the Commander of the Naval Forces, is to be terminated and be retired; his replacement is Vice Admiral Fahd bin Abdullah Al-Ghifaili, to be promoted to the rank of admiral and be appointed as Commander of the Naval Forces.Additionally, Minister of Economy and Planning Adel al-Faqieh was replaced by Mohammed al-Tuwaijri, SPA said, quoting a royal decree. Commander of the Saudi Navy, Abdullah al-Sultan, was replaced with Fahad al-Ghafli. The king also replaced Minister of Economy and Planning Adel Fakeih withMohammad Al Tuwaijri, his deputy.Sky News Arabia confirms an earlier report from Al-Watan news Newsletter: loss of a helicopter carrying a number of officials in the southern Asir, Saudi Arabia   Zero HedgeThis is allegedly the group boarding the chopper (unverified)  pic.twitter.com/OQZ4vFypc5  abo0o0dy.. (@AbduAseeri) November 5, 2017Details are few for now but some headlines report that the high-ranking officials aboard included Crown Prince Mansour bin-Muqrin, deputy Emir of Asir province.  # _ _ _    #      #            .. pic.twitter.com/vXa6kSuBsO          (@hrhpmmugrin) November 5, 2017There are sources saying all aboard have died      #  # _ _         .              . # _ _ _  pic.twitter.com/QvVkfItXTl        (@nazlah_com) November 5, 2017 ",0
9508,BREAKING UPDATE: At Least 27 DEAD After Shooter Enters Texas Church In Full Combat Gear…Almost Every Person In Church Was Shot…Gunman Chased After Fleeing Scene…Is Now DEAD [VIDEO],"Please pray for the victims and their families At least 27 people have been killed inside a Texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.The shooting happened at the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs, where around 50 people usually attend service, according to local reports.According to @ksatnews a witness reported seeing a man in full gear come into the church & unloaded several rounds. https://t.co/2K0aJZ3D79 pic.twitter.com/EFbWIKnX9D  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) November 5, 2017Wilson County Commissioner Albert Gamez Jr told CNN that at least 27 people have been killed in the shooting, but the death toll is expected to climb. My heart is broken,  Gamez said.  We never think where it can happen, and it does happen. It doesn t matter where you re at. In a small community, real quiet and everything, and look at this, what can happen. Albert Gamez, Jr., Commissioner of Wilson Co. TX gives his account of the scene in this video: Alert: TEXAS CHURCH ATTACK:  27 Dead, Official Says  Dozens Wounded  Suspect Dead After Chase  FBI On Scenepic.twitter.com/LlptnMl2d9  J_Patriot_Train (@r_little_finger) November 5, 2017At least 24 others were injured in the horrific shooting. Witnesses said a man  in full gear  walked inside the church and opened fire just before 11.30am.FoxNews At least 20 feared dead in  mass shooting  at Texas church https://t.co/Li9uiH7HbK pic.twitter.com/Sgl96YEEzmAt least 20 feared de  (((T W))) (@timgw37) November 5, 2017A woman wrote on Facebook that she saw the man flee the scene in his vehicle before crashing it not far from her daughter s house. She said he then ran on foot and was pursued by police.The shooter was killed after the brief foot chase into Guadalupe County, according Guadalupe County Sheriff s Office spokesman Robert Murphy.But it s still unclear if the gunman shot himself or was taken down by authorities.The suspect, who has not been identified, is dead and there is no longer an active shooter threat, according to police.Police could not give an exact number of victims shot in the attack, but witnesses said they heard as many as 20 shots fired.Dana Fletcher, who owns a store in Sutherland Springs, told CNN:  It s just awful there were emergency responders everywhere.  Neighbors in the area said they may have heard the shooter reload multiple times. Another witness at the scene said a two-year-old was also shot in the attack.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
9509,WOW! DONNA BRAZILE Tells Critics Of Her Book On DNC To ‘Go To Hell’ In Exclusive Interview [Video],"Donna Brazile might want to watch her back! She shot back at critics (the Hillary camp) of her new book that alleges proof of a rigged Democratic 2016 primary, saying they can  go to hell. This is a lesson of 2016,  Brazile said on ABC s This Week.   If I released it next year, they would say,  Donna, you re impacting our 2018 races For those who are telling me to shut up, they told Hillary that a couple of months ago. You know what I tell them? Go to hell. I m going to tell my story. In an exclusive interview with ABC s  Stephanopoulos, Brazile angrily defended her description of events in the book Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns that Put Donald Trump in the White House. In the book, she describes a dysfunctional, debt-ridden DNC she took over after the ouster of Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Brazile has sharp words for her and President Barack Obama for their financial mismanagement of the DNC, and she also rips the Clinton campaign for treating her poorly and having  stupid  and  stiff  messages.RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA?More than 100 Clinton staffers, including campaign manager Robby Mook and top aide Huma Abedin, signed a scathing letter about Brazile s book, accusing her of buying into Russian propaganda about Clinton s health and painting a picture of the campaign that wasn t true. If they don t like my book, don t buy it,  Brazile said of the letter. I ve gotten emails from Democrats, passionate Democrats, who say they feel betrayed by all of this. Any regrets?  Stephanopoulos asked. Do I regret taking on the job cleaning up everybody s mess?  Brazile asked.  Taking all of the incoming? Being unable to spend funds that I raised? Do I regret being on the road 100 percent of the time? Being hacked by the Russians? Being harassed? Getting death threats? Do I regret any of that? Brazile said this was  worse than Hurricane Katrina  in terms of the emotional toll for her.Brazile was asked if she mentioned dropping Clinton for Biden to top Clinton staffer Charlie Baker, Brazile snapped,  I kept my own counsel. I was the chair of the party, George! This interview along with the other interviews Brazile has given are all very eyeopening to the fact that the Clinton machine totally took over the DNC. It s ugly!Brazile even says she felt like she was treated  like a slave CHECK OUT ROBBY MOOK AT THE 2:00 POINT WHERE HE TAKES OUT HIS EARPIECE   NOT A CNN EARPIECE!Mook is clearly a deer in the headlights I don t know I, I, I Via: WFB",0
9510,USA! USA! USA! Troops Cheer President Trump During Visit To Yokota Air Base in Japan [Video],"President Trump received a warm welcome when he arrived at Yokota Air Base to greet our troops. They started out chanting USA! then went wild when the president was presented with a  Commander in Chief  flight jacket. General Martinez said there was something missing, then gave President Trump the jacket. It was a great moment!PRESIDENT TRUMP CLEARLY ENJOYED THE MOMENTARRIVAL IN JAPAN   FOCUS ON DEFENSE AND TRADEU.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his tough rhetoric against North Korea when he arrived in Japan on Sunday, saying that the United States and its allies are prepared to defend freedom and that  no dictator  should underestimate U.S. resolve. Trump kicked off a 12-day Asian trip and is looking to present a united front with Japan against North Korea through meetings with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe amid heightened tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile tests.He told reporters on Air Force One en route to Asia that North Korea would figure prominently in discussions during the trip.It s clear that there s mutual admiration between the troops and President Trump. They know he s 100% behind them!Via: morung express",0
9511,JIM BEAM Fans Call For Boycott After Spokesperson and Liberal Actress Brags About Taunting VP Mike Pence For Defending Life,"The decision of actress Mila Kunis to make monthly donations to abortion business Planned Parenthood in pro-life Vice President Mike Pence s name has generated a call for a boycott of Jim Beam on Twitter.Jim Beam global brand spokesperson Kunis told Conan O Brien Thursday that she donates to Planned Parenthood in Pence s name to protest his pro-life policies. O Brien asked Kunis to explain her  prank: I apologize if I m offending anybody. It s not so much a prank as much as I disagreed with some of the stuff that Pence was doing and was trying to do. And so as a reminder that there are women out there in the world that may or may not agree with his platform, I put him on a list of recurring donations that are made in his name to Planned Parenthood.Every month, to his office, he gets a little letter that says like,  An anonymous donation has been made in your name.  I don t look at it as a prank, this is like, I strongly disagree, and this is my little way of doing it. It s a peaceful protest.  Breitbart NewsThe new face of Jim Beam, the iconic bourbon brand, might not be quite what you expect. While a rough-around-the-edges cowboy or country rock star might seem to fit the bill Jim Beam has used Kid Rock at times in the past its newest spokesperson is the petite and beautiful Mila Kunis.The 30-year-old actress, who says she is a big fan of bourbon in general, is featured in two new 30-second Beam ads, as well as five other videos ranging in length from 15 seconds to more than three minutes.   Ad WeekSome Twitter users are peacefully protesting in return by letting the makers of Jim Beam know they will be choosing the brand s competitors instead:Hey @JimBeam I didn't realize your spokesperson was so political & supported killing babies #AbortionHurts #BoycottJimBeam https://t.co/JwHkusu3xr  Rockentowsky (@grendel_the) November 4, 2017Tell @JimBeam to stop having @MilaKunis as their spokes idiot  #BoycottJimBeam pic.twitter.com/YFlqKFJ9X5  tom_simpson (@builditnow) November 3, 2017Just don't be surprised on that day you reap what you sow  Kurt Watson (@crapshoot55) November 3, 2017 ",0
9512,Former DNC Chair ‘Felt Like A Slave’… Wanted to Replace Hillary With One Of Two Options After Fainting Spell Gave Campaign ‘Odor of Failure’,"Donna Brazile lets it rip on the Hillary Clinton campaign in her new book about the 2016 election. She s definitely not holding back in her scathing review of the Clinton operation during 2016. She says she felt like a slave and felt disrespected by the Clinton campaign members. What s the most interesting is that she had two people in mind when she was discussing replacing Hillary after the fainting spell on 9/11. She says she just couldn t do it because she didn t want to let women down LOL! Sure!SECRET DELIBERATIONS Donna Brazile held secret deliberations to discuss using her power as interim chair of the Democratic National Committee to replace Hillary Clinton as the party s nominee after the former first lady suffered a fainting spell on the campaign trail last September, she writes in her bombshell memoir.The Washington Post reports that Brazile reveals in her memoir that she considered replacing Clinton with then-Vice President Joe Biden or New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker because of the former secretary of state s  anemic  campaign.JOE BIDEN THE GROPERClinton s effort, which carried with it an  odor of failure,  was struggling to appeal to white working-class voters, writes Brazile in the book,  Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns That Put Donald Trump in the White House. The Post obtained an advance copy of the 288-page memoir, which will be released on Tuesday.REMEMBER THIS?Brazile, a longtime Democratic consultant who managed Al Gore s 2000 White House bid, says that she first became concerned about Clinton s health on Sept. 9, following an event in Manhattan.Brazile said that Clinton appeared  wobbly on her feet  with a  rattled cough,  according to The Post.As acting chairwoman of the DNC, Brazile had the power to replace the party s nominee if they became disabled. Brazile reminded the Clinton campaign of that authority, which was included in the DNC charter.Clinton s fainting spell triggered talk inside Democratic circles that Brazile could exercise that authority. She said that Biden s chief of staff contacted her a day after Clinton passed out. Gee, I wonder what he wanted to talk to me about?  she said to herself, she recalls in her book.Brazile writes that she heavily considered appointing Biden but could not pull the trigger to replace the first female nominee for president. Again and again I thought about Joe Biden,  Brazile writes, according to The Post. No matter my doubts and my fears about the election and Hillary as a candidate, I could not make good on that threat to replace her. I thought of Hillary, and all the women in the country who were so proud of and excited about her. I could not do this to them. I FELT LIKE A SLAVE As one of her party s most prominent black strategists, Brazile also recounts fiery disagreements with Clinton s staffers   including a conference call in which she told three senior campaign officials, Charlie Baker, Marlon Marshall and Dennis Cheng, that she was being treated like a slave. I m not Patsey the slave,  Brazile recalls telling them, a reference to the character played by Lupita Nyong o in the film,  12 Years a Slave.   Y all keep whipping me and whipping me and you never give me any money or any way to do my damn job. I am not going to be your whipping girl! READ MORE: WAPO ",0
9513,DID MILITARY JUDGE Give Army Deserter Bowe Bergdahl A Slap On The Wrist Because of President Trump?,"Is this just one more case of an activist judge too blinded by his hate for Trump to deliver the justice he took an oath to uphold? It was announced yesterday that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who walked away from his post in Afghanistan and triggered a search that left some of his comrades severely wounded, was spared a prison sentence by a military judge Friday in what President Donald Trump blasted as a  complete and total disgrace. The judge gave no explanation of how he arrived at his decision, but he reviewed evidence that included the five years Bergdahl was held captive by the Taliban and the wounds suffered by troops who searched for him, including one who now uses a wheelchair and cannot speak.  Chicago TribuneWhen candidate Donald Trump told a crowd that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should have been executed for leaving his post in Afghanistan, the crowd cheered We re tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who s a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,  Trump said to cheers at a rowdy rally inside a packed Las Vegas theater at the casino-hotel Treasure Island. Thirty years ago,  Trump added,  he would have been shot. Before everyone starts calling Trump  heartless  or an  idiot,  perhaps they should first familiarize themselves with our laws about Americans who commit treason:Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.(June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 807; Pub. L. 103 322, title XXXIII,  330016(2)(J), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2148.)Immediately after the news broke about the slap on the wrist given to Bowe Bergdahl in his desertion case, President Trump tweeted about his disgust with the judge s decision:https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/926492915626663939President Trump s harsh criticism of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who walked off his Army post in Afghanistan in 2009 and was captured by the Taliban, will weigh in favor of a lighter sentence for the sergeant, a military judge said on Monday. I will consider the president s comments as mitigation evidence as I arrive at an appropriate sentence,  the judge, Col. Jeffery R. Nance of the Army, said during a hearing at Fort Bragg. The judge is expected to sentence Sergeant Bergdahl in the next few weeks.The judge rejected a request that he dismiss the case or cap the length of the sentence on the grounds that the president s comments had precluded a fair hearing. The judge said he had not been influenced by the remarks and that the public s confidence in the military justice system had not been undermined.Sergeant Bergdahl faces up to life imprisonment. He pleaded guilty on Oct. 16 to desertion and endangering the troops who were sent to search for him.He testified on Monday that he deeply regretted that people  suffered because of my bad choices. Colonel Nance will also consider aggravating factors presented by the prosecution, including injuries suffered by several service members during the search for Sergeant Bergdahl, as well as the negative impact they say the search had on the military s overall war effort in Afghanistan.Anger over the injuries has driven much of the testimony in the case so far, as service members vividly described a rescue operation that exposed them to enemy fire. Shannon Allen, the wife of Sgt. First Class Mark Allen, who was shot in the head took the stand on Monday.Sergeant Allen, a national guardsman from Georgia, had part of his brain removed during surgery, and is now unable to speak, walk, or take care of himself. His wife has said little publicly, but in a Facebook post after Sergeant Bergdahl was freed, she blamed him for causing her husband s incapacitation. Instead of being his wife, I have become his caregiver,  Ms. Allen testified on Monday.Last week, Staff Sgt. Jason Walters testified that his six-man team had only just arrived in Afghanistan when they were sent to search for Sergeant Bergdahl. They had little time to prepare for the rugged terrain of Paktika Province, and little intelligence to go on.On the second morning of the search,  an insane amount of fire came out of nowhere,  Sergeant Walters said. Militants had them surrounded. In minutes, half the team had been wounded. Sergeant Walters turned to see  a cloud of blood  spraying from the head of Sergeant Allen. I started treating his wounds, talking to him, telling him to hang on,  Sergeant Walters said.The battle subsided only after F-15 fighter jets and Apache helicopters arrived overhead.Only later would the troops learn that the battalion responsible for the area believed that 150 Taliban fighters were near the village where the soldiers were resting when they came under fire. My words can t take away what people have been through,  Sergeant Bergdahl told the court on Monday.  Offering condolences is not enough. People went through things they shouldn t have had to go through. I grieve for those who have suffered and their families. For entire story: NYT s ",0
9514,JUST IN: RAND PAUL ASSAULTED By Democrat Doctor…Here’s What We Know About The Attacker,"Another unhinged Democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn Kentucky State Police have arrested a person accused of assaulting Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) at his home in Kentucky, the senator s office confirmed on Saturday. Senator Paul was blindsided and the victim of an assault,  Kelsey Cooper, a spokeswoman for Paul, said in a statement.  The assailant was arrested and it is now a matter for the police. Senator Paul is fine. The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Rene Boucher of Bowling Green, Kent., according to a statement from Kentucky State Police reported by the Bowling Green Daily News.  True PunditBoucher is an anesthesiologist and pain specialist. He got his medical degree from Des Moines University College of Osteopathic Medicine after being pre-med at Providence College in Rhode Island, according to Doximity. Boucher has practiced medicine in since 1982 and attended high school in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Between 1985 and 1993, Boucher was pain management specialist at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco where he also did his residency.In 2005, Boucher appeared on QVC marketing a rice-filled vest that was designed to alleviate back pain, reported the Bowling Green Daily News. The vest retailed at $30 and had to be microwaved before use. The website for Therm-a-Vest is no longer active. WAVE reports that Boucher retired in 2015.In May 2017, Boucher shared a story on Facebook about Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte assaulting The Guardian s Ben Jacobs in Bozeman, Montana. The assault was described as a  body slam  at the time. Boucher writes in his Facebook bio that he is in a relationship. The Bowling Green Daily News article about Boucher s pain relieving vest saw him city his wife, Lisa, as a reason for its success.Boucher is a registered Democrat. Since Trump s ascendency to the president, Boucher has been severely critical the GOP on Facebook. Boucher is shown to be an advocate for gun control and healthcare reform. There does not seem to be any posts that target Senator Paul.   Heavy ",0
9515,MICHIGAN MAYOR Joins College Political Science Class…Goes On Rant Calling Trump ‘Despicable’,"What happened at Michigan State could happen and does happen on all college campuses How dare this professor allow her classroom to be a pulpit to trash our president! The Mayor of Lansing, Michigan called President Trump  despicable  and  pathetic ! Can you imagine if someone had done this while Obama was in office?This woman allowed a potty mouthed anti-Trump mayor to come into her classroom and spew his hate. Please contact her to let her know how wrong she is:  Sarah Reckhow Email:  reckhow@msu.eduThe mayor of Lansing, Michigan recently subjected a political science class at Michigan State University to a lengthy tirade against Donald Trump.RANTING POLITICIANS ALLOWED IN THE CLASSROOM?Mayor Virg Bernero (see video below), a Democrat who has served in the position since 2006 but is not seeking re-election, came to the classroom with no presentation in mind, instead offering a freewheeling indictment of the Trump administration during which he called Trump the  Divider in Chief. If he was doing everything within the confines of his job, then why couldn t he explain that to us?   Tweet ThisWithin the first 15 minutes of the October 10 presentation, Bernero took a knee in front of the classroom and told students that we are punishing kids by taking away their rights when we don t allow them to take a knee during the national anthem.Bernero then blamed the controversy on Trump, calling him  despicable  and saying  he is a pathetic excuse  for a presidentOne student in the class challenged Bernero on actions he had taken as mayor, particularly in regards to the construction of a city park. He basically gave a really convoluted answer about how, like, he couldn t say where he got the money from because he was afraid people would record him, the student, who wishes not to be identified, told Campus Reform. If he was doing everything within the confines of his job, then why couldn t he explain that to us?  the student added after noting that Bernero refused to allow students to record him.ANTI-AMERICAN   ANTI-ANTHEM:Bernero concluded his discussion by expressing disbelief over Americans who stand for the national anthem, calling it a  battle hymn  that promotes violence.Campus Reform reached out to both Bernero s office and course instructor Sarah Reckhow for comment, but did not receive a response from either.BERNERO FAMOUSLY DEBATED TUCKER CARLSON AND LOST:AFTER HE WAS CALLED OUT HE CAME BACK:VIA: CAMPUS REFORM",0
9516,OBAMA HID BIN LADEN PAPERS To Bury This Damning Evidence That Could Have Cost Him 2012 Election,"The Obama administration s well guarded Osama bin Laden documents were released on Wednesday by CIA director Mike Pompeo. The documents were seized in a raid after U.S. SEAL Rob O Neill killed Osama bin Laden. The Obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470,000 documents to release. They hid damning evidence that could have hurt Obama s chance at reelection in 2012 .OBAMA RAN THE CLOCK OUT AL QAEDA WAS NOT  ON THE RUN :Steve Hayes of the Weekly Standard:  In a manner of speaking, Barack Obama wanted what al Qaeda already had: a mutually beneficial partnership with Tehran. Revealing to the American people the truth about Osama bin Laden s cozy working relationship with the Iranian government might have fatally undermined that diplomatic quest, just as the ongoing vitality of al Qaeda, amply testified to in the bin Laden documents, would have contradicted Obama s proud claims in 2012 that al Qaeda was  on the run.  So Obama, with the eager cooperation of some in the intelligence community, bottled up the bin Laden documents and ran out the clock.IRAN S CLOSE TIES TO AL QAEDA COULD HURT THE IRAN DEAL:Within the documents is an assessment by a senior jihadist with al Qaeda   Tehran ties: how Iran supplied  everything needed,  including  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon,  including safe haven for other jihadis, the New York Post reported.The assessment is raising questions as to how much then-President Obama knew about Iran s ties to al Qaeda before making his controversial deal. And it points to the reason why the former administration might have kept the documents under lock and key.The Obama White House had this information for five years before making the nuclear deal that critics argued would ultimately make it easier for the terror state to build nuclear weapons. Bin Laden had called Iran a  main artery for funds, personnel and communication  for al Qaeda, the Post reported.That wasn t the only suspicious dealing Obama had with Iran. In August 2016, Republicans were furious over a reported deal Obama had made to release American hostages in Iran.The former administration denied paying $400 million in  ransom  for the hostages, arguing that it was part of a legal settlement in a long-standing case. However, it was only the first of three payments to the Iranians totaling $1.3 billion that took place after the hostage release, as the Wall Street Journal disclosed. And strikingly, much of the case came by way of plane-loads of cash in international currencies.But the revelations about bin Laden and the former administration don t end there.MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO BIN LADEN:In one of the 10,000 videos files contained within the newly released documents, bin Laden is asked to name is his influences. The terrorist leader didn t hesitate, The National reported. From a religious aspect, I was committed within the Muslim Brotherhood. Bin Laden also suggested the Muslim Brotherhood sponsored his first trip as a young jihadi. It was the first time I travelled to a country where I did not know the language,  he writes.  I carried a pistol and went. The Brotherhood, they had poor knowledge about things. If they knew, I would not have had to travel through Syria to Antakya 12 hours by bus to reach Istanbul. It was easier from Jeddah to Istanbul by plane. Three hours by plane. MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO CLINTONS:Critics of the Muslim Brotherhood have long warned of its terror affiliation and infiltration into the West. One Brotherhood official Gehad el-Haddad was arrested two years ago in Cairo for inciting violence. El-Haddad (pictured below) previously worked as an executive for the Clinton Foundation. Via: BPR",0
9517,CLASSLESS REP WILSON: Trump Will Claim “Somebody’s Trying to Kill Barron” and Resign,"Rep. Frederica Wilson spoke on Thursday at the annual Legislative Policy Conference organized by Al Sharpton s National Action Network (NAN) in DC. The NAN Twitter feed is full of delusional Democrats spewing far left policy: NAN Twitter. Wilson got the conference crowd all excited when she predicted that President Donald Trump will eventually resign from office to avoid impeachment by making up an excuse. She made the outrageous suggestion that President Trump would say that, somebody is trying to kill Barron The audio below is from the speech: We just have to, like the slogan says, stay woke; just stay woke, be careful, because I can see the wheels turning now we re marching toward impeachment, there s no question about it. If that happens, are we prepared? Because it s going to happen, A portion of her speech is on twitter. She claims she has no clue why General Kelly would respond to her:@repwilson discussed #HurricaneHarvey & being recently attacked after the controversy around Trumps comments to the widow of Sgt. Johnson. pic.twitter.com/8sqX1O2o8v  Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) November 2, 2017 So we have to make sure, Rev. Sharpton, that we are prepared when this happens so we don t just wake up one day blindsided,  she added. I think it s just going to get so tight and it s going to close in and then everybody is going to be indicted around this president, and then he is going to realize he is probably next on the list. And I think he is going to come up with an excuse like  somebody is trying to kill Barron, and so I m going to resign. Via: PJ Media",0
9518,LOL! IVANKA TRUMP Has All-Female Security Detail In Japan…Leftist Rag The Washington Post Calls It “Kind Of Sexist”,"When the daughter of President Trump visited Japan, she had an all-female security detail. When the wife of the man the left has attempted to label a  sexist  (with no factual basis) arrives in Japan with the President in a couple of days, she too will have an all-female security detail. But that s still not good enough for the liberal media. Today, a female writer for the liberal rag, The Washington Post wrote an article about the all-female security detail for the First Lady and the President s daughter. The article suggests that the decision to employ an all-female security detail,   is actually kind of sexist LOL!Amanda Erickson goes on to demean an belittle the female police officers in Japan, suggesting that they aren t really properly trained to do the type of work their male counterparts are capable of doing. Near the end of the article, she throws in a jab about Michelle Obama also having an all-female detail in Japan.It s funny, but we just can t remember The Washington Post criticizing her or the female police force when Mooch made her awkward appearance in Japan, where Mooch talked about, what else? Inequality yawn!When the first daughter arrived in Japan on Thursday, she was greeted by dozens of black suit-wearing female bodyguards from Tokyo s Metropolitan Police Department.The all-female security team was deployed to protect Trump from the thousands of adoring fans she has in the Asian nation, but it seemed their usual body armor and riot gear was not fitting attire to guard Ivanka.Melania Trump and other female dignitaries will be protected by an all-woman police team during the Japan trip https://t.co/TEDsbtHC07 pic.twitter.com/Z4N7AAfN0M  CNN (@CNN) November 3, 2017 We opted for a more cultivated look to suit the occasion,  an officer in charge of the security plan told Japan s Asahi Shimbun.Wrapping up a productive day of meetings with Foreign Minister Kono, Minister Kato and Minister Noda on workforce development and women s economic empowerment.  A post shared by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Nov 3, 2017 at 12:57am PDTThe all-female security team was deployed to protect Trump from the thousands of adoring fans she has in the Asian nation, but it seemed their usual body armor and riot gear was not fitting attire to guard Ivanka. We opted for a more cultivated look to suit the occasion,  an officer in charge of the security plan told Japan s Asahi Shimbun.Enjoying my first visit to Japan with a traditional Kaiseki meal in Tokyo. Thank you to our hosts for their warm hospitality    A post shared by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Nov 2, 2017 at 5:50am PDTIvanka has become something of a fashion and feminist icon in Japan since her father s election to the presidency last November. In Japan, the eldest Trump daughter is seen as an aspirational figure for women whose careers get sidelined after having children. Fox News",0
