id,title,text,label
21543,BEST TWEET OF THE DAY,"Why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our US military recruitment centers? Muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. Is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?Civilians, with semi-automatic carbines, eating Chick-fil-A, guarding Marines. Up yours, @WhiteHouse. pic.twitter.com/o5FVTpSqeG  Bob Owens (@bob_owens) July 21, 2015h/t Weasel Zippers",0
21544,HILLARY ANNOUNCES DEFENSE OF KILLING BABIES AFTER 20 WEEKS…Okay With Keeping Babies Alive If Used For Campaign Props,"Way to go Granny! Perfect timing for your announcement with the discovery of the Planned Parenthood s aborted baby parts business in the headlines Yesterday, Hilary Clinton defending late-term abortion on Twitter and called Wisconsin s abortion ban dangerous and unacceptable.As LifeNews previously reported, on July 19th, pro-life Governor Scott Walker signed the Pain Capable Unborn Protection Act, making Wisconsin the 15th state to ban abortions after 20-weeks of pregnancy. Prior to signing the bill, he said,  At five months an unborn child can feel pain. As a society we should be protecting that child. But Hillary Clinton has a vastly different view:Gov. Walker signed dangerous abortion restrictions into law in WI   without exceptions for rape or incest. Extreme and unacceptable. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 21, 2015 Governor Walker responded with his own rejoinder calling Clinton out of touch:  Hillary shows she s out of touch with the majority of Americans who believe babies at 5 months deserve life. -SW https://t.co/5NG0llQRbd  Scott Walker (@ScottWalker) July 21, 2015 Unfortunately, if Hillary Clinton becomes our next president she will further abortion-on-demand in America even though she once said she believes abortion should be rare. Bill Donohue from the Catholic League responded to her remarks and highlighted her radical abortion agenda.He said,  We know that Hillary lied when she said she wants abortions to be rare. To be exact, she opposed the ban on partial-birth abortions: if she is okay with killing a baby who is 80 percent born, there are no instances left for her to register an objection. Now we know that Hillary lied when she said she wants to keep abortions safe. As soon as Walker signed the law protecting unborn babies from feeling pain, Hillary labeled his decision  dangerous. He added that Hillary should explain what she means when she says that this ban is dangerous, considering the fact that some of these babies feel immense pain while being dismembered. Donohue concluded,  Hillary needs to elaborate on this. Why is it not uncomfortable forget about dangerous for a sensate human being to be pierced with a surgical knife? Why, for example, do these babies put their fingers up to the knife in an attempt to shield them from more pain? The public has a right to know what s going on in her mind. In May, Clinton joined President Obama in opposing the federal 20-week ban and said the following through a spokesperson:  Politicians should not interfere with personal medical decisions, which should be left to a woman, her family and her faith, in consultation with her doctor or health care provider. She added,  This bill is a direct challenge to Roe v. Wade, which has protected a woman s constitutional right to privacy for over forty years. The bill puts women s health and rights at risk, undermines the role doctors play in health care decisions, burdens survivors of sexual assault, and is not based on sound science. However, the science behind fetal pain is solid, which is why so many states in the U.S. have worked to end late abortion. Unborn children have the biological equipment necessary to feel pain no later than 20 weeks after fertilization, and nerves link receptors to the brain s thalamus and sub-cortical plate around that same time. Researchers also found that unborn children react to pain by recoiling, which is the same way adult humans react to pain. In fact, during surgery on these little humans, fetal surgeons found that anesthesia was necessary to decrease their reaction to stress hormones.Via: LifeNews",0
21545,TAXPAYERS PAID SAME WOMEN WHO CRUSHED BABIES’ SKULLS FOR LIVING AND SOLD THEIR LUNGS TO ADVISE OBAMA ADMIN ON “Healthy Baby” BIRTHS,"No conflict of interest here! Only the most pro-abortion president in the history of the United States would have an  expert  who butchers babies for a living being paid by the American taxpayer to advise on healthy baby births  Deborah Nucatola the Planned Parenthood doc with the stone-cold heart and the lucrative skill of  crushing  babies in just the right spot has been advising the Obama administration on family planning policy since 2010.From April 2010 through April 2014, Nucatola was one of several experts the U.S. Health and Human Services Office of Population Affairs (OPA) and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Division of Reproductive Health tasked with creating federal guidelines for  quality family planning services.  A member of the  Expert Work Group  and the  Technical Panel on Clinical Women s Services,  Nucatola was actively engaged in the  multistage process  that produced the government s 2014 report,  Providing Quality Family Planning Services  (QFP).Her responsibilities as a  technical  consultant and an  expert  included analyzing research summaries and professional advisories, providing  individual feedback  on the government s initial recommendations,  reviewing  the CDC-OPA staff s  core recommendations,  giving her expert  opinion,  and then approving the recommendations. (See the report s appendices for the names of Expert Work Group members and technical experts, and detailed descriptions of the experts  involvement in formulating the report s recommendations.)What s the goal of those government recommendations? To help  clients achieve their desired number and spacing of children and increase the likelihood that those children are born healthy. Leave it to the Obama administration to tap an abortionist for  expert  advice on ensuring that children are  born healthy an abortionist, mind you, who relishes butchering a  17-weeker  and bagging up a tiny infant s  heart, lung, liver  to sell for a few extra bucks.Taxpayers Reward BarbarismThe barbaric nature of Nucatola s chosen work, however, is all too clear. That s reprehensible. Sen. Rand Paul and others have announced plans to defund Planned Parenthood in light of the Nucatola debacle. Good, but not enough.We need to delegitimize Planned Parenthood and delegitimize the cruel doctors whose expertise consists in knowing which parts of the unborn baby to  crush  in order to to harvest the money-producing parts  intact.  We need to insist that being an expert in baby dismemberment disqualifies instead of qualifies a doctor from being an  expert  consultant for the government an expert on making sure children are  born healthy,  no less.Planned Parenthood runs a bloody business. Many Americans are seeing, for the first time, the chilling, violent reality of abortion and the insatiable greed driving America s abortion business. Now, the question is: What is Congress willing to do about it?Read more of exclusive story: The Federalist",0
21546,"[Video] DEM PREZ CANDIDATE BOOED OFF STAGE, FORCED TO APOLOGIZE FOR SAYING “All Lives Matter”","When you have a crowd of people listening to this kind of idiotic drama, I think it s safe to say you should expect to be booed off the stage if you don t tow the line. Here r the Black Net Roots speaker s dramatic introduction for Governor O Malley: Let s be clear  Every single day folks are dying! Not being able to take another breath! We are in a state of emergency! We are in a state of emergency and if you don t fill that emergency you are not human!   As the Washington Examiner noted Saturday, former Maryland governor and current presidential candidate Martin O Malley was being interviewed at the annual Netroots Nation conference and was making a statement about the need for civilian police review boards. The interview was interrupted by a group of protestors chanting,  Say,  black lives matter!  In response to a question by one of the protestors about alleged instances of police brutality against African Americans, O Malley stated,  I think all of us have a responsibility to recognize the pain and grief caused by lives lost to violence. Black lives matter. White lives matter. All lives matter.  The statement is said to have drawn boos from the crowd. A minute or two later, O Malley apologized.The incident illustrated neatly illustrated the cultural divide between the left and the rest of America. Most people, without much of a thought, would agree that all lives matter, whether they belong to someone killed in an altercation with police or   say   a Marine gunned down by a terrorist. The crowd at Netroots Nation disagreed.More importantly, O Malley failed the  Sister Souljah  test by apologizing for saying something that should be axiomatic. A  Sister Souljah Moment  refers to an incident during the 1992 presidential campaign in which then Governor Bill Clinton condemned a rapper named Sister Souljah for racially incendiary lyrics in some of her songs. The statement caused a great deal of consternation, but Clinton received praise for taking on an extremist who was part of an important Democratic constituency. Clinton went on to be elected and then reelected four years later.  Via: The Examiner",0
21547,REMEMBER WHEN THE LEFT THOUGHT IT WAS ‘FUNNY’ TO SAY ABOUT MCCAIN: “I don’t buy the war hero thing”,"Because it was a  joke  before it was politically incorrect?Before Al Franken became a United States Senator from Minnesota, he had a long career as a comedian (save for Stuart Saves His Family), an original writer on Saturday Night Live, and later as a political radio host on Air America.During that time, and when he was writing books like Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Liar and Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right, Franken took some shots at his now-fellow senator John McCain s military service. He also made one joke in a 2000 Salon.com essay just as presidential election season started picking up steam. Here s the remark: I have tremendous respect for McCain but I don t buy the war hero thing. Anybody can be captured. I thought the idea was to capture them. As far as I m concerned he sat out the war.  Before everyone suggests Franken need to apologize just like Donald Trump should, here s why this is different: Back in 2000, Franken was not a political figure. He wasn t a sitting anything or a candidate for anything; the closest he came to political officialdom was as a revered satirist. More importantly, he even re-told the joke to McCain s face in 2004, when the senator was on Franken s own radio show.Here s how Franken s spokesperson commented on the joke:The fact that a statement came so quickly from Franken s office demonstrates that he is well-aware it is a terrible thing to say about McCain.On the other hand, Trump is not just not apologizing, he s doubling down. Because he knows we ll all keep writing about it.But hey   we all need a good clown, even if unintentional. It s a long presidential race. Via: Mediaite[h/t Politico]",0
21548,OBAMA LIGHTS UP WHITE HOUSE HOURS AFTER GAY MARRIAGE DECISION…Still Won’t Lower Flags For Unarmed Marines Murdered By Muslim Terrorist,"Every day Barack Obama rubs his radical transformation of America in our noses as we sit back and watch Republican Presidential candidates tear each other apart over comments they make about each other This Sunday marks three days since an Islamist gunman opened fire Thursday on military facilities in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five unarmed servicemen and wounding a policeman.President Barack Obama still has not ordered the lowering of the U.S. flag to half-staff at the White House and federal properties as a sign of respect and mourning for those killed, even though he (and former President George W. Bush) did so for previous mass killings by lone gunmen.In contrast it was only a matter of hours after the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage last month before Obama bathed the White House in the rainbow hues of the LGBTQ movement.Also, Obama issued same-day orders lowering the flag following the the July 20, 2012 Aurora, Colorado mass shooting, December 14, 2012 Sandy Hook, Connecticut mass shooting and the September 16, 2013 Washington Navy Yard mass shooting.Obama ordered the flag flown at half-staff the day after the November 5, 2009 Fort Hood, Texas massacre.President George W. Bush ordered the flag lowered for the April 16, 2007 Virginia Tech massacre the day after that attack.Obama apparently did not order flags lowered following the Charleston mass shooting last month, however he went to Charleston and delivered the eulogy at the funeral for the Reverend Clementa Pinckney. Several state governors did issue orders to lower flags in their respective states to honor the Charleston victims.Obama s selectivity on whether to honor victims of terror attacks or mass shootings was in evidence in May when Obama made no public or written statement on the Islamist terror attack in Garland, Texas.Obama vacationed in New York City this weekend. Meanwhile several state governors took steps to arm National Guard troops under their command and issued proclamations ordering flags in their respective states be flown at half-staff to honor those killed in the Chattanooga attack.The Pentagon said the day after the attack it would continue to leave recruiters unarmed and unprotected, and ordered Marine recruiters to not wear their uniforms to work.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21549,[VIDEO] LEFTIST CNN HOST ACTUALLY SAID THIS: Chattanooga Terrorist Is “GOOD LOOKING…This guy actually reminds me of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev”,"When she s not shamelessly bashing people who don t think human action is dangerously warming the planet or radically confusing the role of the First Lady, CNN anchor Carol Costello is busy making ridiculously stupid comments on-air.This mainstream media dummy actually said the Chattanooga mass murderer Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez reminded her of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The Muslim murderer who slaughtered four Marines before being blasted by police was a  good-looking  kid and was also  popular in high school,  Costello said.  This guy actually reminds me of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev,  she said.  Good-looking guy. Everybody liked him. He was popular in high school. Very well-educated. Both of them were wrestlers, and then something happened.  This is just another example of a media madam living in a bubble where she s blinded to see that the only comparison that should be made between the Marine Murderer and the Boston Marathon bombers is that they were all sick animals and cowards. Idiot. Via: Daily Surge ",0
21550,[VIDEO] FOX News’ Greg Gutfield Asks If The Left Would Care If Planned Parenthood Was Selling Harvested Dolphin Organs,"Greg Gutfield asks the question we all would like to know about this horrific woman working for Planned Parenthood in the undercover aborted baby parts brokering video. After discussing the dicing of aborted baby parts over salad and a glass of wine, he asks:  I wonder if she made room for dessert? ",0
21551,SHOCKING ACT OF “TOLERANCE”: TRANSGENDER THUG THREATENS Reporter for disagreeing with him on T.V.: “You cut that out or you’re going to leave here in an ambulance”,"Transgender activist and bully, Hanna Zoey Tur threatened conservative reporter Ben Shapiro when he refused to call Bruce  Caitlyn  Jenner a woman. After Shapiro refused to back down from his statement that Jenner  is a man,  things became heated with the oh so tolerant Tur:https://youtu.be/pckjiU6iYEU",0
21552,HUFFING TON POST WON’T COVER REPUBLICAN FRONTRUNNER DONALD TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN,"Just confirming what anyone paying attention already knew. The Huffington Post isn t interested in reporting the news they re strictly serving as a propaganda arm of the progressive left Earlier this month, while political news organizations were wrestling with the rise of Donald Trump, Washington Post senior politics editor Steven Ginsberg offered a philosophy:  In my view, making decisions solely according to who may win the nomination is the worst way to cover a presidential election,  he said.  A whole lot happens on the way to the nomination and you can t explain what s happening with the candidates or the country without being on top of all of it. Since then, Trump s influence in the Republican primary has only grown. He has surged to the front of the pack, leading his rivals by 3 points in the most recent Fox News and USA Today/Suffolk polls, respectively. He has raised issues that have resonated with conservative voters and forced other GOP candidates to come forward on where they stand. It is very likely that he will appear near center-stage at the inaugural Republican debate, on Aug. 6, and lead the pile-on against Jeb Bush.In other words, Trump is a major character in this chapter of the 2016 presidential election story. And as Ginsberg said,  you can t explain what s happening with the candidates or the country without being on top of all of it. On Friday, however, the Huffington Post s politics team announced that they would no longer cover the candidate as a political story. After watching and listening to Donald Trump since he announced his candidacy for president, we have decided we won t report on Trump s campaign as part of The Huffington Post s political coverage. Instead, we will cover his campaign as part of our Entertainment section,  they wrote.  Our reason is simple: Trump s campaign is a sideshow. We won t take the bait. If you are interested in what The Donald has to say, you ll find it next to our stories on the Kardashians and The Bachelorette. A quick fact-check: 1. Huffington Post is taking the bait, because they re continuing to cover Trump and will continue to benefit from the clicks. 2. Trump s campaign isn t a sideshow. He s leading the field, and is therefore a daily preoccupation for other candidates. (Hours after posting its note, Huffington Post sent an email clarifying that  the impact [Trump is] having on the Republican Party and the immigration debate is itself a real thing,  which it will cover  as substance, but anything that tumbles out of his mouth will land on the Entertainment page. )One might conclude that Huffington Post s announcement amounts to the same Trump-style grandstanding they claim to condemn. On a larger level, they seem to miss the point that all politics is theater. Countless statements have tumbled forth from the mouth of candidates   top-tier and third-tier   that were made precisely to rile up the base, bait an opponent, get free play in the media, etc. The Huffington Post politics team has covered these stories, and will almost surely continue to do so   even when they come from candidates who have a less of a shot at their party s nomination than Trump.Via: Politico",0
21553,REP LUIS GUTIERREZ (D-NY) CALLS MURDER OF KATE STEINLE BY ILLEGAL ALIEN “A little thing” [Video],"Die-hard amnesty for illegal aliens cheerleader Rep. Luis Gutierrez: Every time a little thing like this happens, they use the most extreme example to say it must be eliminated. Reporting on a recently released survey by Rasmussen Reports that indicates that 62% of Americans oppose sanctuary city policies, Telemundo, the nation s second largest Spanish-language network, slanted its coverage in favor of maintaining the controversial policy. Reporting from the sanctuary city of Chicago, Telemundo correspondent Janet Rodr guez cited an unauthorized immigrant in favor of the policy, along with two quotes from Congressman Luis Guti rrez (D-IL), who had the gall to minimize Kate Steinle s murder, at the hands of a hardened criminal and five-time deportee, in the sanctuary city of San Francisco.Although Rodr guez reported the study s findings that the majority of Americans not only oppose the policy, but also support withholding federal funding to make sanctuary cities comply with immigration authorities, she included only one critical view of the policy, that of presidential candidate Donald Trump calling sanctuary cities  a disgrace.  To make matters worse, Rodr guez also misled viewers about the considerable trans-partisan nature of the opposition to sanctuary city policies. Rodr guez stated on air that  it has to be emphasized that the poll reveals that the majority of those who agree on eliminating sanctuary cities or that in some way they lose federal funds, all are Republicans. However, the poll actually indicates that 79% of Republicans, 61% of unaffiliated voters, and 46% of Democrats believe sanctuary cities should lose federal funds. Similarly, 79% of Republicans, 65% of unaffiliated voters and 43% of Democrats support U.S. Justice Department legal action against sanctuary cities.Via: Newsbusters ",0
21554,SEATTLE MAYOR WANTS TO HELP MUSLIMS FOLLOW SHARIA LAW BY OFFERING PLAN TO HELP BUY HOMES,"No word yet about the Mayor developing a plan to help Christians who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays based on their religious beliefs For some Muslims, it can be hard to buy a house, and Mayor Ed Murray plans to do something about it.On Monday, Murray s housing committee released its recommendations for ways the city can increase housing in the city. Most ideas were what you d expect, including increasing the city s housing levy and implementing new rules and regulations to foster development of market-rate and lower-income housing.One suggestion would help followers of Sharia law buy houses. That s virtually impossible now because Sharia law prohibits payment of interest on loans. The 28-member committee recommended the city convene lenders and community leaders to explore options for increasing access to Sharia-compliant loan products.Based on what he called  rough anecdotal evidence,  Bukhari estimated a couple hundred people aren t borrowing money for houses due to their religion. He said this includes even high-wage earners, such as the more than 1,000 Muslims who work for Microsoft (Nasdaq: MFST) and more than 500 Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) employees.They could easily qualify for home loans but opt not to apply  simply because they don t want to pay interest,  Bukhari said.Murray will send legislation based on the committee s ideas to the City Council for consideration. During a press conference, he said he wants to help Muslims. We will work to develop new tools for Muslims who are prevented from using conventional mortgage products due to their religious beliefs,  Murray said.More and more lenders are offering Sharia-compliant financing, according to a USA Today report. The sector has grown to more than $1.6 trillion in assets worldwide over the past three decades, and analysts see potential for continued growth as the number of Muslims in the United States and Europe grows.It s unclear how many Muslims in Seattle would benefit from Murray s plan. The Washington state chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) estimates more than 30,000 Muslims live in the greater Seattle area, and Chapter Executive Director Arsalan Bukhari on Tuesday said it s  fairly common  for some not to seek loans. Via: Biz Journals",0
21555,BENGHAZI SPOKESLIAR SUSAN RICE TELLS CNN: ‘We should expect’ Iran To Use Funds It Gets For Terrorist Operations [VIDEO],"Tell us Susan what s worse, Iran with a nuclear weapon and billions of dollars to help fund muslim terrorists or Iran with a nuclear weapon and frozen assets? President Obama s National Security Advisor, Susan Rice, told CNN s Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday that  we should expect  Iran to use the money it gets under sanctions relief for military and even terrorist operations.As part of Obama s nuclear agreement with Iran, tens of billions of dollars frozen as part of the sanctions on Iran will be released over time   provided Iran complies with a list of deadlines outlined in the agreement. What do we think they ll spend that money on? We think, for the most part, they re going to need to spend it on the Iranian people and their economy which has tanked,  she told Blitzer.Of course, murderous regimes like Iran don t generally limit themselves to domestic infrastructure projects and welfare schemes, which Rice quickly acknowledged. But yes, it is real, it is possible, and, in fact, we should expect that some portion of that money would go to the Iranian military and could potentially be used for the kinds of bad behavior that we have seen in the region up until now,  she said.By  bad behavior  Rice is presumably referring to Iran s funding of terrorist organizations, and its expanding military operations throughout areas such as Yemen.Despite the fact that the Obama administration fully expects Iran to use its newly released billions to fund terrorism, Rice told Blitzer those concerns didn t play an important role in negotiations. The goal here, Wolf, was never, and was not designed to prevent them from engaging in bad behavior in the region. They re doing that today,  she said.  The goal is to ensure that they don t have a nuclear weapon, and therefore, when they are engaging in that bad behavior, are that much more dangerous. Rice s acknowledgement of Iran s bad faith might not bother the administration, but it is likely to cause a little concern in congress.After all, Iran s  bad behavior  is a pretty good indication that the murderous regime in Tehran has no intention of cleaning up its act   which makes it somewhat hard to trust they will abide by an Obama sponsored agreement.Via: BizPacReview",0
21556,[Video] KANSAS DEM MAYOR BRAGS ABOUT REDUCTION IN WHITE POPULATION: Thanks Radical Socialist Hispanic Group,"What would a speech from a modern Democrat be if they didn t include the LGBT crowd and embrace illegal aliens? It s almost as if they were trying to divide our nation in order to gain votes.??The mayor of Kansas City, Kansas, in an address to the radical socialist organization National Council of La Raza, bragged that his city is no longer majority white and the city s schools now have students who speak 62 different languages.According to the 2010 U.S. Census, Kansas City, Kansas, was 52 percent white.But in a speech before the La Raza National Affiliates Luncheon earlier this week in Kansas City, Mayor Mark Holland boasted that only five years later his city s white population has been reduced to 40 percent.He seemed to suggest that La Raza was at least partly responsible for the progress. But he also cited the refugee resettlement work of the United Nations and U.S. State Department for the city s transformation into a gleaming example of multicultural diversity.Kansas City, he said,  is very proud of the work of National Council of La Raza. Kansas City, Kansas, is a city with no ethnic majority. Kansas City, Kansas, is 40 percent white, 28 percent Latino, and 26 percent African-American,  Holland said.  Our school district speaks 62 different languages by the children every single day. And Kansas City, Kansas, has a proud heritage of welcoming all people into the community, people who are not welcome in other places. Latinos started coming with the Santa Fe railroad more than 100 years ago, to build the railroad, he said. Another railroad, the Underground Railroad, brought African-Americans to Kansas.  If they could get across the river they were free and settled in a township of Quindero. We continue to have a number of groups of refugees from around the world,  he added, mentioning the large Hmong community that came in the 1970s and 80s following the Vietnam War.In recent years, the city has welcomed more refugees from other parts of the world, including Muslim Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq, Hindus from Bhutan and Buddhists and Muslims from Burma.LGBTs welcome in KCKansas City has also thrown open its arms to the LGBT community, Holland said, even though most of the state of Kansas leans Republican.He said the city is the home of another  persecuted group   the Democrats. The Democrats still have a foothold in Kansas City and we re very proud of that,  said the Democrat mayor.  And because Democrats are in Wyandotte County, we welcome our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters and celebrate their life and their love, and always will. Holland, an ordained Methodist minister, then went on the attack against any Christians who don t share his liberal theological views on same-sex marriage.He applauded the recent 5-4 Supreme Court decision that redefined marriage for all 50 states. But we cannot let our guard down. This religious freedom component, I believe is the Confederate Flag of religious bigotry, being flown long after the fact,  Holland said.  As an ordained United Methodist pastor myself, I m offended to note, when they say Christians are offended by the ruling. In fact, many of us Christians celebrate the ruling and the continued welcome and recognition of all people. But I want to close by saying we just couldn t be more proud that La Raza is here in Kansas City and it s an honor to be able to greet you. The U.S. State Department, working with the United Nations, has sent 2,371 international refugees to Kansas City, Kansas, since 2002. The State Department s database does not include U.N. refugees dispersed throughout the U.S. before 2002 but the program has been ongoing in its current form since 1980. The U.N. picks about 95 percent of the refugees sent to the U.S. The State Department, working with nine major contractors such as the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, distributes about 70,000 refugees annually from mostly Third World nations into 190 U.S. cities and towns.U.N. sends KC 2,371 refugees since 2002The refugees, unlike most other classifications of immigrants, immediately qualify for a smorgasbord of state and federal welfare benefits and are placed on a fast-track toward full citizenship, which is obtainable within five years.Since 2002 Kansas City has received 1,090 refugees from Burma, 577 from Bhutan, 190 from Somalia, 126 from Iraq, 47 from Liberia, 37 from Eritrea, 36 from Russia, 34 from Burundi, 33 from Afghanistan, 26 from Vietnam, 24 from Sudan, 18 from Uzbekistan, and 11 from Iran, according to State Department data.Via: WND",0
21557,OBAMA WILL GIVE AWAY FREE INTERNET (To Those He Deems Worthy) : “The internet is not a luxury”,"Don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. If you have a job and contribute to our tax base, you won t qualify. You also have to be living in cities the Obama regime considers worthy of free internet service. Those cities have likely provided some form of support for Obama s radical agenda for America.Because internet service is a human right or something like that Calling the Internet a 21st century necessity, President Barack Obama on Wednesday unveiled a program to bring faster Internet connections to more low-income households, particularly to help students living in public and assisted housing stay ahead in school.Under ConnectHome, the public, private and nonprofit sectors have pledged to work together to provide high-speed connections and digital devices to more families at lower cost.More than 90 percent of households headed by a college graduate have Internet access, Obama said. But fewer than half of low-income households have similar access.In this day and age, Obama said the  digital divide  puts these individuals at a disadvantage by limiting their educational and economic opportunities because the Internet is increasingly needed to find a job, finish homework or keep in touch with family and friends. In this digital age, when you can apply for a job, take a course, pay your bills   with a tap of your phone, the Internet is not a luxury. It s a necessity,  Obama said in Durant, Oklahoma, on the first day of a two-day visit to the state. You cannot connect with today s economy without having access to the Internet,  he said.ConnectHome is similar to ConnectEd, a federal program that Obama said is on track to wire 99 percent of K-12 classrooms and libraries with high-speed Internet by the end of 2017.ConnectHome will begin in 27 cities and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, which is headquartered in Durant. With about 200,000 members spread across much of southeastern Oklahoma, the Choctaw Nation is the nation s third-largest Native American tribe.The Choctaw Nation was also among the administration s first  Promise Zones,  a designation that makes it eligible for tax incentives and grants to help fight poverty.The only federal money expected to be spent on ConnectHome is a $50,000 Agriculture Department grant to the Choctaw Nation, officials said.The 27 cities the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development selected for ConnectHome are: Albany, Georgia; Atlanta; Baltimore; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Boston; Camden, New Jersey; Cleveland; Denver; Durham, North Carolina; Fresno, California; Kansas City, Missouri; Little Rock, Arkansas; Los Angeles; Macon, Georgia; Memphis, Tennessee; Meriden, Connecticut; Nashville, Tennessee; New Orleans; New York; Newark, New Jersey; Philadelphia; Rockford, Illinois; San Antonio; Seattle; Springfield, Massachusetts; Tampa, Florida; and the District of Columbia.Obama was spending the night in Oklahoma and on Thursday continuing a weeklong focus on making the criminal justice system fairer.He planned to meet Thursday with law enforcement officials and inmates during a historic tour of the El Reno Federal Correctional Institution, a medium-security facility west of Oklahoma City that holds about 1,300 male offenders.  I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison,  Obama said in a speech Tuesday to the NAACP meeting in Philadelphia.",0
21558,FAMILY THREATENED AT GUNPOINT FOR DISPLAYING CONFEDERATE FLAG ON PRIVATE PROPERTY…Police Let Suspect Go [Video],"Nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding A family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the Confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.The incident occurred on Monday night in Moseley, Virginia while the family was expressing their First Amendment right by waving the flag in their own driveway next to a busy highway. A man driving an SUV pulled into the driveway, took out his gun, chambered a round, pointed it at the family and started yelling. He slammed on the brakes and when he got right beside me, he pulled out a gun, chambered a round and told me my cause wasn t worth anything now,  Mark Wilson told CBS 6.  He got out of the car and took three steps towards me and the gun was maybe six inches off my head. Wilson said he was concerned that the gunman would shoot his children. 46-year-old James Baker was later arrested by police for brandishing a weapon. Baker dubiously claimed that the family had threatened his life. This is a busy highway and he is in a vehicle going 70 miles per hour, how are we threatening him by walking across?  said Wilson, who called for Baker to be sent to jail. The police went and investigated it and they let him go, he admitted everything and they just let him go,  added Wilson.Baker is in court on September 3 facing a class one misdemeanor charge.Wilson asserted that his decision to fly the flag is founded on a desire to express pride in his southern heritage and has nothing to do with racism. I m not gonna be scared away from people that are acting ignorant and trying to act violent when it s not a violent thing. This shouldn t be a race thing, it should be a heritage thing,  Wilson told NBC 12.The nature of the confrontation clearly illustrates how the gunman had a political gripe with the family displaying the Confederate flag, which has become a target for irate leftists in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.On Monday we reported on the new viral Twitter craze called #NoFlaggingChallenge which Black Lives Matter supporters are using to encourage Americans to violate people s private property rights and steal Confederate flags being displayed on privately owned homes and vehicles.Given that the flags are predominantly displayed in southern states where private ownership of firearms is common, many on social media are warning that the stunt could end up with people being shot dead.Via: Infowars",0
21559,OBAMA’S ARROGANCE: WATCH As He Admonishes Reporter For Asking If He Was “Content” With 4 Americans Held In Iran Jail [VIDEO],"Being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something Obama is used to CBS News s Major Garrett asked President Obama at a press conference Wednesday if he was  content  with four Americans held in Iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  Can you tell the country, sir, why you are content with all the fanfare around this deal to leave the conscious of this nation, the strength of this nation unaccounted for in relation to these four Americans?  Garrett asked. That s nonsense and you should know better,  Obama bit back.  Nobody s  content  and our diplomats and our teams are working diligently to try to get them out. Garrett later brushed off the scolding on CBS s news streaming network, saying,  Clearly, it struck a nerve. That was my intention Was it provocative? Yes. Was it intended to be as such? Absolutely. The Daily Beast s Shane Harris reported yesterday that the Americans came up during negotiations over Iran s nuclear program.  We believe very strongly that this is an opportunity for Iran to let the Americans come home,  an administration official said.Via: The Daily Beast",0
21560,BREAKING: SCREEN SHOTS OF WEBSITE SHOW BULK DISCOUNTS ON ABORTED BABY PARTS FROM PLANNED PARENTHOOD PARTNER,"Yesterday we told you about the company who buys aborted baby organs from Planned Parenthood. Many of our readers were in disbelief and demanded proof that StemExpress was an actual company that sold baby parts online. Here is the undercover video that exposed Planned Butcherhood: Here is your proof: StemExpress, the California-based company that serves as a middleman between Planned Parenthood and the organizations that seek body parts harvested from aborted babies, once advertised bulk discounts for baby organs and body parts. A screencap taken from a StemExpress page listing fetal liver products shows that the company openly boasted of bulk buying discounts available to new customers. Become a StemExpress customer today to receive 25% off your first order up to $1,000!  blasted an archived web page from 2012.The baby organ trade is a lucrative one for StemExpress. As recently as December 2014, packages of what StemExpress described as  fresh  fetal liver stem cells were listed at more than $24,000, according to an archived page listing its products and prices.Yesterday morning news broke that Planned Parenthood, the nation s largest and most profitable abortion provider, was in the business of trafficking organs taken from aborted unborn babies. Planned Parenthood s top medical director, Deborah Nucatola, was captured on tape trying to sell body parts from aborted babies and bragging about how she conducts abortions in order to maximize the number of organs and body parts that can be extracted from the children.StemExpress also advertised the financial rewards and benefits that can come from buying and selling baby body parts.Although Planned Parenthood vehemently attacked the Center for Medical Progress for releasing its damning video, the billion-dollar abortion provider did not deny charges that it was harvesting organs, tissue, and body parts from aborted babies.Via: The Federalist",0
21561,FOREIGN BORN ALIEN WITH 4 FELONIES ARRESTED FOR BRUTAL BEATING AND RAPE OF WOMEN WHO WAS HELPING HIM,"The consequences of a failure to control immigration in America A foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. Zenen Alvarez-Alguezabal, is behind bars in Seneca, South Carolina and has four previous felony convictions in the United States. It is currently unclear how the man had immigration papers, considering he had four felonies that spanned South Carolina, Texas, California, and Washington state. The victim told police she pretended to pass out, then when Alvarez passed out, she ran to her apartment without pants or shoes and called her son who reported the incident,  reported local FoxCarolina.com.  The victim had bruises on her face, along with scratches on her hands and the back of her neck. The victim was transported by ambulance to a hospital.  Their report stated:Police said they arrived at Alvarez s home and found a handgun on the sofa. Police also located a gold earring and a pair of women s pants.The victim said she had tried to help Alvarez get his immigration papers in order, according to an incident report.The victim told police she went to the restroom and when she returned found Alvarez naked. She tried to leave, but Alvarez struck her in the face and assaulted her, according to police.The victim pushed the alarm on her car key and Alvarez threatened to kill her if she called the police, according to the police report.Via: Breitbart News",0
21562,SHAKEDOWN AL SHARPTON MEETS WITH GM TO PRESSURE THEM INTO DROPPING KID ROCK OVER CONFEDERATEF FLAG [Video],"I m a mom who grew up in Romeo, MI., the same town where Robert Ritchie, aka Kid Rock was born and raised.  I am also a huge Kid Rock fan. I remember sitting across from his entire family in church every Sunday. His mother was my youngest sister s religious education teacher. He was raised in the country until he left to make his music way in Mt. Clemens, MI, located just outside of Detroit. It was there he met his girlfriend (who is black) and had a child with her. He gained full custody of his son and sent him to a Catholic school near my current home. He is one of the kindest, most generous and selfless musicians in the business. He is now the latest target of Al Sharpton and his shakedown organization, NAN.Kid Rock s philosophy is: Help your neighbor first.  Here are a few examples of his generosity:When is the last time Al Sharpton did anything to bring jobs to Americans or to help give back to NYC? Kid Rock doesn t just talk about providing jobs for Americans, he puts his money where his mouth is:Here is Kid Rock donating a home to an injured veteran in a Detroit suburb:While Al Sharpton has made it his goal to assist Barack Obama in the division our nation with his  #BlackLivesMatter campaign of racism, hate and violence, Kid Rock has been busy working to ensure we take care of our veterans when they return through a campaign called #VeteransMatter:And lastly how many times has Al Sharpton jumped on an airplane and headed overseas during Christmas to help lift the spirits of our troops while they spend their holidays away from their families in the desert?  (Brief language warning.)Compare Kid Rock s service to our military, kids with disabilities and to the city of Detroit to Al Sharpton s service to his community:Americans need to stand up to this shakedown artist and let this two-bit, tax cheating extortionist know we are not going to let him define the direction of our great nation. Call GM and let them know how much you appreciate them sponsoring Kid Rock, a man who does so much for our military and for those less fortunate at:Tony Cervone Senior Vice President, Global Communications Phone 313-667-3437 Mobile 313-920-8175 tony.cervone@gm.comor: Juli Huston-Rough News Operations Director Phone 313-665-3183 Mobile 313-549-6977 julie.huston-rough@gm.comBreitbart News  Detroit members of Al Sharpton s National Action Network now plan to pressure General Motors to cut ties with musician Kid Rock over his use of the Confederate flag at concerts, and the company is hearing them out.Legally named Robert James Ritchie, Kid Rock may hail from the Detroit, MI area, but his love for southern music and culture is strong, and he has used imagery of the rebel symbol at shows throughout his career.Members of the Detroit chapter of the NAN began protesting a Kid Rock exhibit at a local museum over the matter earlier this month. The rocker finally responded to the activists through a statement to Fox News host Megyn Kelly last week, simply saying:  Kiss my a**. The group s members demanded Ritchie renounce the flag, but now that it has become apparent he has no plans to do so, the NAN plans to hit him where it hurts: though a sponsor.According to the Detroit Free Press, members of the group, which is helmed by Rev. Charles Williams II, plan to meet with Detroit-based General Motors, whose Chevrolet brand is sponsoring Kid Rock s summer tour. We will be furthering our call to ask GM to remove their support of funds for Kid Rock s tour,  said Williams.A statement released to the paper by GM confirmed the meeting would take place later this week on Tuesday: We have been in touch with Reverend Williams, and representatives from Chevrolet will be meeting with him later this week to better understand his concerns. We need to let some open and constructive dialogue occur as a first step, and we ll go from there. Rev. Williams also told the Associated Press Tuesday that  the best resolution is for GM to pull their sponsorship. He added:  The entire civil rights community is ready to open up a campaign on this issue if General Motors doesn t want to take responsibility on this bad business issue. Williams was previously quoted as saying,  the hometown hero who is a zero with the Confederate flag,  while the group s political director Sam Riddle asked,  How in the hell can Kid Rock represent Detroit and wave that flag just generating millions and millions in ticket sales   a flag that represents genocide to most of Detroit? Kid Rock received the Great Expectations Award from the Detroit NAACP in 2011, and called the accolade  by far the coolest award I ve received. After receiving the honor, the artist responded to similar protests from the NAACP, and told the Free Press waving the flag was  not about hatred or being a racist. I like Southern rock music, and a lot of people died under that flag for beliefs they had, right or wrong,  he said.  But it stands for rebel, and my love of Southern rock. ",0
21563,"NEW DISCOVERY REVEALS BALTIMORE STATE’S ATTORNEY’S PARENTS WEREN’T MODEL COPS : Mom Received 20+ Disciplinary Actions, Dad Fired For Criminal Activity","Baltimore City State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby tells FOX News reporter during hostile exchange (at the 1 minute mark) that she comes from five generations of police officers in response to his statement that Baltimore Police officers are concerned she doesn t have their backs:  https://youtu.be/nbDeRqCxJbsThe mother of Baltimore city state s attorney Marilyn Mosby faced numerous disciplinary actions during her 20-year career as a Boston police officer, though the public wouldn t know it based on the Freddie Gray case prosecutor s public statements touting her family s strong policing history.The 35-year-old Mosby has used her family s police ties to rebut critics who say she rushed to judgement and overcharged the six cops involved in Gray s April 12 arrest. The 25-year-old Gray died a week later, touching off rioting in Baltimore and nationwide protests. Law enforcement is pretty much instilled within my being,  Mosby told MSNBC s Chris Hayes on May 1, the day she publicly announced charges against the officers.  I come from five generations of police officers,  she added, pointing out that her mother, father, grandfather and uncles have all served as cops.But there s more to the story than Mosby has let on.Personnel records obtained by The Daily Caller show that Mosby s mother, Linda Thompson, first violated the Boston police department s substance abuse policy in 2006. After serving a 45-day rehab stint, Thompson violated the drug code again and voluntarily resigned on Feb. 1, 2008, rather than be fired.The early retirement allowed Thompson, now 52, to draw a $1,810.69 monthly pension.Thompson is not the only member of Mosby s family to have had a rocky policing career. Mosby s father was fired from the Boston police department in 1991 following accusations that he and his partner robbed drug dealers at gun point. Mosby s uncle was fired from Boston PD in 2001 after testing positive for cocaine. Her grandfather was a well-respected Boston cop, but he ultimately and unsuccessfully sued the department for racial discrimination in the 1980s.Personnel records obtained by The Daily Caller show that Mosby s mother, Linda Thompson, first violated the Boston police department s substance abuse policy in 2006. After serving a 45-day rehab stint, Thompson violated the drug code again and voluntarily resigned on Feb. 1, 2008, rather than be fired.The early retirement allowed Thompson, now 52, to draw a $1,810.69 monthly pension.Thompson is not the only member of Mosby s family to have had a rocky policing career. Mosby s father was fired from the Boston police department in 1991 following accusations that he and his partner robbed drug dealers at gun point. Mosby s uncle was fired from Boston PD in 2001 after testing positive for cocaine. Her grandfather was a well-respected Boston cop, but he ultimately and unsuccessfully sued the department for racial discrimination in the 1980s.Mosby has not publicly mentioned any of that during her speeches when running for Baltimore state s attorney or since taking on the Gray case. A majority of police officers are risking their lives day-in and day-out,  Mosby told Hayes during her interview.  Recognizing that, because that s what my family did, I also recognize that there are those individuals that usurp their authority who will go past the public trust. When they do that, you have to hold those individuals accountable,  Mosby added.Mosby s claims are disingenuous, say three retired Boston police officers interviewed by TheDC. Linda Thompson s daughter is lecturing police officers about the right thing to do? You ve got to be kidding me,  said one former cop who reached the highest levels of the Boston police department and has known Thompson since the beginning of her career.The retired officer, who asked not to be named, said that Mosby s message has been,  You can trust me, I come from a family of cops. Mosby has proved a polarizing figure so far in the Gray case. Elected to office last year, she became a national star to many after her public announcement of charges against the cops. But her many critics say her case is flimsy and that she charged the officers for political reasons.The prosecution s theory seems to be that the officers did not do enough to restrain Gray in the back of a police van after his April 12 arrest. Some of the six officers also failed to provide proper medical attention, Mosby has claimed.Gray s April 19 death was ruled a homicide due to  an act of omission.  Mosby charged the driver of Gray s police van with second-degree depraved heart murder and manslaughter. Three other cops face manslaughter charges.Mosby has also been heavily criticized for using activist rhetoric when publicly discussing the case. During her May 1 speech she said that she heard protesters  battle-cry of  no justice, no peace.  Days before that speech   and before the medical examiner s office had even determined Gray s cause of death   she told a group of local clergy members that she was going to seek justice for Gray  by any and all means necessary. Via: Daily Caller ",0
21564,"WOW! COMPANY THAT BUYS ABORTED BABY PARTS FROM PLANNED PARENTHOOD HAS WEBSITE WITH DROP DOWN MENU CHOICES LIKE: Heart, Liver, Veins, Arteries, Lungs, etc.","Last we checked harvesting and selling body parts in America was illegal. Perhaps the abortion industry has some sort of special exception since killing babies is such an important service to Americans In the gruesome and now viral video that shows a Planned Parenthood medical officer talking to undercover actors posing as biotech entrepreneurs about the prospects of buying fetal body parts, the name of one company pops up several times:In the context of selling aborted fetal tissue, Dr. Deborah Nucatola is seen and heard discussing her ongoing relationship with a company called StemExpress that works as the middleman between Planned Parenthood affiliates and research institutes that use the body parts in scientific experimentation.The video, provided by the pro-life group Center for Medical Progress, purports to show an actual online order form from StemExpress where buyers can order the parts they want and the age of gestation.The pull down menu shows  brain, heart, heart (veins and arteries attached), lungs, liver, liver and thymus, spleen, large intestine  and so on. The order form allows the buyer to choose the gestational age of the baby to be aborted from four weeks upward.StemExpress is a five-year old privately held for-profit business located in Placerville, California that describes itself as  a multi-million dollar company that supplies human blood, tissue products, primary cells and other clinical specimens to biomedical researchers.  The company says it  offers the largest variety of raw material in the industry, as well as fresh, fixed and cryopreserved human primary cells. StemExpress calls itself as  the only company of its kind to both procure tissues and isolate cells for researchers  individual needs in its own labs. Our human tissue products range from fetal to adult and healthy to diseased, and we also collect bone marrow and leukapheresis for isolation.  StemExpress promises that by partnering with them  you ll get the high quality samples you need so that you can focus on the research. Some will wonder how something that is apparently illegal goes on so openly. David Daleiden of the Center for Medical Progress told Breitbart News,  It is the Kermit Gosnell effect. There is simply a lack of interest in enforcing this kind of law because of abortion. On the video Nucatola is heard talking about pricing, that  specimens  would range from $30 to $100. It is expected that Planned Parenthood will claim these charges are merely for their services and do not include a profit. Daleiden told Breitbart News that there are no extra services because companies like StemExpress are there at the facility to harvest the organs on order and walk out with them, not even shipping charges.Daleiden said that while the practice goes on around the country, it is especially hard to prosecute in California because of the political power of the abortion industry.The buying and selling of human body parts is illegal under the U.S. Criminal Code though companies can charge for expenses. The question becomes how a  multi-million dollar  for-profit company buys fetal body parts and sells them but makes no profit.Repeated calls to StemExpress for a comment have gone unreturned. The company website crashed sometime today.Via: Breitbart News",0
21565,KING OBAMA THREATENS CONGRESS TO NOT MESS WITH IRAN DEAL: Will Congress Have Will To Pull White Flag From Obama’s Hands? [Video], Tough talk from Washington does not solve problems  says our Thug in Chief as he threatens Congress not to cross him on this dangerous Iran deal Here is why FOX News  Britt Hume says Obama doesn t need to sell this Iran deal to Congress:,0
21566,BREAKING STORY! TRUE EVIL EXPOSED: [Video] PLANNED PARENTHOOD DIRECTOR Caught On Video Selling Aborted Baby Parts,"B b but I thought they said they re just trying to provide quality  health care  for women .An undercover video recorded by the non-profit organization, Center for Medical Progress, shows Planned Parenthood Federation Senior Director of Medical Services, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, discussing their fetal parts business.Nucatola is seen in the video having lunch with actors posing as buyers who are interested in purchasing the body parts of babies who have been aborted. The Planned Parenthood senior staffer notes how abortion procedures are modified to ensure that requested body parts can be collected. She says: We ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I m not gonna crush that part, I m gonna basically crush below, I m gonna crush above, and I m gonna see if I can get it all intact. Nucatola also describes how Planned Parenthood abortionists move the preborn child into a breech delivery position so that the body can be preserved. This account is an almost exact medical description of partial-birth abortions which are illegal in the United States. In the video, Nucatola describes the procedure: I d say a lot of people want liver. And for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they ll know where they re putting their forceps. The kind of rate-limiting step of the procedure is calvarium. Calvarium the head is basically the biggest part.  We ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I m not gonna crush that part, I m gonna basically crush below, I m gonna crush above, and I m gonna see if I can get it all intact. And with the calvarium, in general, some people will actually try to change the presentation so that it s not vertex.  So if you do it starting from the breech presentation, there s dilation that happens as the case goes on, and often, the last step,you can evacuate an intact calvarium at the end. Planned Parenthood, though, appears to be concerned internally about the legality of their own behavior, as Nucatola notes how,  At the national office, we have a Litigation and Law Department which just really doesn t want us to be the middle people for this issue right now. U.S. federal law states that,  It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly acquire, receive, or otherwise transfer any human fetal tissue for valuable consideration if the transfer affects interstate commerce. Live Action President Lila Rose has been active for years in exposing wrongdoing at Planned Parenthood through undercover investigations. She responded to the disturbing investigative video, saying:This investigation by the Center for Medical Progress reveals the unimaginable horror that is Planned Parenthood. The exploitation of human life, the cover-up, and the black market profiteering by America s largest abortion chain is not only egregious and heartbreaking, but exposes how the abortion giant is corrupt to the core   from the CEO, Cecile Richards, down to the local clinic. As Live Action has investigated through the years, Planned Parenthood s barbaric practices reveal their contempt for rule of law and human life. This latest expose of Planned Parenthood s trafficking of baby parts for profit should be the final nail in the coffin for the abortion giant. Congress must take immediate action to stop all taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood and end the bankrolling of this horrific human rights abuser.Via: LiveActionNews",0
21567,THE LIST OF WHO’S WHO TAKING ADVANTAGE OF FAILED EU AUSTERITY EXPERIMENT IN GREECE,"Like a spoiled child on a spending spree with no parental guidance, Greece is forced to sell some of the most beautiful real estate in the world on the cheap Wealthy foreign investors are expected to buy up Greek islands in coming months as Monday s bailout will likely force hard-hit rich Greek moguls to dump their piece of paradise. This  fire sale  of private Greek islands to  bargain hunters  is expected to take place over the next few years, according to property agent Knight Frank.Greece imposed the first-ever real estate tax last year to raise cash for creditors, making property ownership prohibitively expensive, according to Knight Frank s Island Report.Foreign investors are taking advantage of the falling property prices, which have plunged by 30 percent over the last five years thanks to Greece s debt crisis. Here are some island hunters who hoped to profit from Greece s woes:Russian billionaire s daughter buys Skorpios for ~$150 million Ekaterina Rybolovleva, the daughter of Russian billionaire and former owner of Russia s largest potassium fertilizer producer Dmitry Rybolovlev, reportedly bought the island for $150 million in 2013. Skorpios was owned since 1962 by shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis and served as the location of his wedding to Jackie Kennedy. His daughter eventually sold it to Rybolovleva, although it was reported that Madonna and Bill Gates had expressed interest in scooping it up.Qatari Emir buys six Greek islands for $9.4 million If you can t afford Skorpios, buy a half a dozen other islands. That s what Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani did in 2013 when Rybolovleva reportedly wouldn t lower her asking price for Skorpios. Al Thani planned to use the islands exclusively for his 24 children and three wives, The Guardian reported.Brangelina looking at $4.7 million island Gaia Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie wanted their six children to run around in peace without the paparazzi, news outlets reported in June. The 43-acre island secured planning permission for six villas back in June, The Washington Post reported.Chinese construction magnate buys island for $770,000 In a bidding war of 48 Chinese investors in March, a Greek island up for auction on Taobao (China s eBay) was nabbed by a construction tycoon from China s Yunnan province, International Business Times reported. The same man also reportedly bought a Canadian island for 1.7 million yuan, or $273,985.Dozens of other Greek islands are listed on Private Islands Online, with more expected to crop up as once-wealthy owners are forced to liquidate their assets. A 54-acre Stroggilo Island, with  a perfect 110 meters beach that can easily transform to a heaven on earth place for vacations,  is available for the paltry sum of $4.5 million.Via: VocativGreece could exist outside the euroAdmittedly, it would mean yet more hardship and austerity, but maybe one day they would be able to use the freedom having their own currency would give them to rebuild a more competitive economy. It worked for Britain. That said, their euro currency debt would immediately rise in real-terms value against any New Drachma, and would make the debt burden even worse. Default would be inevitable; as it may be anyway.Even if they got their debts entirely written off, it would all start over again before longThis is the fundamental point. Greece was living beyond her means after the euro was introduced; taking advantage of the cheap interest rates on the euro bestowed by its status as a strong currency backed by Germany. They had a great big party, buying all those nice German cars and the consumer digital wonders of the noughties; and now the hangover is still taking time to work through. There is no reason to believe that such reforms as there have been in Greece will be enough to enable Greeks to live comfortably within their means. The debts will pile up and the crisis will return. Syriza has no policies to make Greece competitive with say the Slovaks or Poles, let alone Korea and China. Via: The Independent UK ",0
21568,“Not a word”…That’s What The Parents Of Beautiful Young Woman Murdered By Illegal Alien In Sanctuary City Have Heard From White House [VIDEO],"Kate Steinle is the  wrong race, and she was killed by someone Obama is advocating for. If they can only get FOX News to stop reporting about it, this whole nightmare for Obama s executive amnesty/votes for Democrats program will go away The parents of Kathryn Steinle said Monday in a cable television news interview that they support a proposal to give mandatory prison time to deported people who return to the U.S. illegally. Steinle, 32, was walking along a waterfront in San Francisco when she was shot by a gun allegedly fired by Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, a Mexican national who was in the country illegally. Steinle s brother also appeared on Fox and revealed to Megyn Kelly that the White House hasn t even bothered to reach out to the family. Not heard a word,  Brad Steinle said. Instead, he said,  we find solace in the fact that Kate was doing what she loved and she was with the man she loved the most, my dad. WATCH VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BILL O REILLY HERE:Sanchez, 45, who has pleaded not guilty, had been released from jail months before the shooting, despite a federal immigration order asking local authorities to hold him.Jim Steinle and Liz Sullivan, of Pleasanton, California, were interviewed by Fox News talk-show host Bill O Reilly for a Monday segment on The O Reilly Factor.The death of their daughter has fueled a national debate on immigration, with advocates of stricter border control and even some Bay Area Democrats denouncing San Francisco as a city whose immigrant  sanctuary  protections harbor people who are in the country illegally.Supporters of sanctuary protections have jumped on O Reilly and others for politicizing the death. They say public safety is improved when immigrants can work with local police without fear of deportation.Steinle, who was at his daughter s side when she was shot, and his wife said the proposed  Kate s Law  would be a good way to keep her memory alive. O Reilly is collecting signatures for the petition, which would impose a mandatory five years in federal prison for people who are deported and return. We feel the federal, state and cities their laws are here to protect us,  Jim Steinle said.  But we feel that this particular set of circumstances and the people involved, the different agencies let us down. It ll be a legacy in her name and her death would not go unnoticed. The grieving parents said failings at multiple levels of government led to Sanchez being freed, but they re tired of finger-pointing.  Ff  Kate s Law  saves one person, then it s all for good,  said Steinle.Federal records show Sanchez had been deported three times before being sentenced to more than five years in federal prison. He had completed another four years in federal prison when he was shipped to San Francisco March 26 on an outstanding 1995 drug charge.The San Francisco District Attorney s office declined to prosecute, given the age of the case and the small amount of marijuana involved.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21569,POPE TAKES COMMUNIST CRUCIFIX GIFT HOME: Says He Was Not Offended By It [VIDEO],"Well, as a Catholic the act of the Pope of my church accepting a gruesome hammer and sickle with Christ affixed to the front was wholly offensive Pope Francis has said he wasn t offended by the  communist crucifix  given to him by Bolivian president Evo Morales during his South American pilgrimage.Morales surprised the pontiff with the unusual gift, a crucifix attached to a hammer and sickle, when Francis arrived in La Paz on Wednesday.The crucifix was a replica of one designed by a Jesuit priest, the Reverend Lu s Espinal, who was tortured and killed by Bolivian paramilitary squads in 1980. Francis prayed at the site of Espinal s assassination upon his arrival in Bolivia.The modified crucifix immediately raised eyebrows, with some questioning whether Morales, whose socialist and anti-church rhetoric is well-known, was trying to score a political point with a questionable, and possibly sacrilegious, melding of faith and ideology.Francis, an Argentine Jesuit, said Espinal was well-known among his fellow Jesuits as a proponent of the Marxist strain of liberation theology. The Vatican opposed it, fearing that Marxists were using liberation theology s  preferential option for the poor  as a call for armed revolution against oppressive rightwing regimes that were in power in much of Latin America in the 1970s and 1980s.During a news conference en route home to Rome on Sunday, Francis said he interpreted Morales  gift through the prism of Espinal s Marxist bent and viewed it as protest art.After taking into consideration the time in which he lived, Francis said:  I understand this work. For me it wasn t an offense. Francis added that he brought the crucifix home with him.Via: The Guardian",0
21570,TRUMP EXPOSES TRUTH ABOUT WHY U.S. STATE DEPT CHOOSES MUSLIM SYRIAN REFUGEES OVER CHRISTIANS [Video],"It s not just Trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. Expert Ann Corcoran tells us the truth about why our State Dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. Over the past several years Syrian Christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of Syria as ISIS tells them to convert or die.The Obama White House sa far has ignored their desperate plight.It is also widely known that Barack Obama has been absent as thousands of Iraqi and Syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by ISIS.Today in Las Vegas Donald Trump attacked the Obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of Syrian Muslims in the country while Christians from Syria suffer.https://youtu.be/KdmTpHE7ZoUIf you re worried Donald may not have his facts straight on this issue, listen to our friend and expert on the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement Program, Ann Corcoran explain how it works. You will be SHOCKED:",0
21571,EXPLODING AFRICAN REFUGEE POPULATION STRESSING WELFARE SYSTEM IN MINNESOTA Are Sending Millions Of Dollars Back To Africa,"It s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. It s our State Department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in Africa and the Middle East.This is one of those feel-good stories about how Minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding African migrant population. If you are a Minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.However, I caution readers on the numbers. The TwinCities Pioneer Press reports that there are about 85,000 Somalis in the whole US and that just isn t so the number is much larger. We painstakingly researched the numbers for just those entering the US through the refugee program and came up with over 100,000 in the last 25 years and that doesn t include a couple generations now of producing children. See this early post.You will see mention in the story that when census takers come around, the Africans are less than truthful about how many are living at the location.From TwinCities Pioneer Press:Of the 50 states, Minnesota has the ninth-largest population of African immigrants. About 60 percent come from East African nations such as Somalia and Ethiopia, and 25 percent from West African nations such as Nigeria and Liberia. The rest come from elsewhere in Africa.Of more than 85,700 Somalis officially known to reside in the U.S., nearly a third are thought to reside in Minnesota.Corrie, a professor at Concordia University in St. Paul, believes the state s African population produces $14 million in philanthropy within Minnesota each year, on top of $150 million in annual remittances to countries in Africa.I don t know why this is considered a good thing sending money out of America that will never benefit our economy!Some of the  smart  people on our side should get to work doing studies that will show the real picture including how much welfare is consumed by the immigrants, how costly is their medical care and education, the cost to the criminal justice system, and include an analysis of where the money goes!I m starting to think that glowing reports about how immigrants benefit the local economy include the money flowing into a state like Minnesota from the federal tax payer via welfare programs. Someone needs to find out!By the way, I don t see any mention in the Pioneer Press story about the fact that half of the state s Somalis live in poverty, here. Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchThe State Department has helped to relocate tens of thousands of refugees from the war-torn African nation of Somalia to Minnesota, where they can take advantage of some of America s most generous welfare and charity programs.But the effort is having the unintended consequence of creating an enclave of immigrants with high unemployment that is both stressing the state s safety net and creating a rich pool of potential recruiting targets for Islamist terror groups. Via: Washington Times ",0
21572,BUSTED: YOUNG NJ DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN CAUGHT PUNCHING 75 YR OLD BLIND VETERAN VOLUNTEERING AT POLLS [Video],"As a poll challenger who has witnessed unbelievable blatant voter fraud by Democrats, I can only imagine what this poll worker might have done to cross this Democrat chairman.The chairman of the Essex County Democratic Committee in New Jersey is accused of punching a blind Army veteran following an argument at a polling location during East Orange s council primary last month.Video was released purportedly showing Leroy Jones punching 75-year-old Bill Graves, who was volunteering as a poll worker during the incident on primary day, June 2.  I hear this rumbling,  Where the blank is Bill Graves? I m gonna kick his butt!  Mr. Graves told a local ABC affiliate.  You can see on the tape it was intentional. The suspect, identified by Essex County Prosecutors as Mr. Jones, is seen throwing several punches at Mr. Graves following what appears to be a heated confrontation.Mr. Graves and his friends said Mr. Jones attacked him because he was backing a political candidate that Mr. Jones did not support, ABC reported.Mr. Jones, however, said he was defending his wife, who was also working at the polls. Mr. Jones said the veteran got aggressive with his wife during an argument, and she called her husband for help, a local CBS affiliate reported. This man threatened my wife. This man assaulted my wife. This man charged at my wife,  Mr. Jones said.Mr. Jones has been charged with simple assault, reports said. Mr. Graves was not charged.Mr. Graves, who is completely blind in one eye and legally blind in the other, said his vision has gotten worse since the attack. Angry, disgusted, because why should I have to run back and forth to the doctor because someone decided to hit me,  he told ABC.  It s not good, that s all I can say. I m smiling, but I m not laughing. Via: Washington Times",0
21573,FATHER OF HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STAR SHOT AND KILLED BY ILLEGAL ALIEN INTRODUCES TRUMP TO THOUSANDS IN AZ [Video]," They shot him in the head with a  45. They found out from the coroner that he was on his back (like this)with his hands  up and they shot him through his hands and through his head. Now that s the original  Hands up don t shoot,  cuz that really happened.  And Mr. Trump is willing to go out and sacrifice, he doesn t need money, he doesn t need power, he s powerful already. He has a name, he has what he needs, but he loves America. He loves America. He wants to make it good again. Jamiel Shaw Sr., the father of a high school student killed by an undocumented immigrant, will introduce Donald Trump on Saturday at a rally in Phoenix, Trump campaign officials tell CNN.Shaw s son, a high school football star, was shot and killed in Los Angeles in 2008 by a gang member born in Mexico. On Friday, Trump met in Los Angeles with Shaw and other family members of victims of crimes perpetrated by undocumented immigrants. He then gave a lengthy press conference in which he consistently railed against illegal immigration.Shaw said Friday that Trump s recent comments about illegal immigration resonated deeply with him. He s speaking for the dead. He s speaking for my son,  he said.  He s speaking for the people who can t speak for themselves that demand that somebody do something. At Friday s press conference, Trump claimed Mexico was sending its criminals to the United States. The fact that they are sending criminals and prisoners into our country and there are people stupid enough to put them in jails or let them roam the street, which is even worse, I have to respect (Mexico) for it,  Trump said. I don t know it you know, (former Cuban leader Fidel) Castro, many years ago, opened up his prisons and sent his prisoners to the United States,  he continued.  In a much more sophisticated manner, Mexico is doing the same thing. Here is Jamiel Shaw Sr. s introduction today:Trump, who announced his White House campaign bid last month, sparked national outrage by saying that some people crossing the border into the United States from Mexico were  rapists  and  criminals.  A slew of corporations, including Macy s, NBC and ESPN, responded to his inflammatory remarks by severing business ties with the real estate magnate.Despite the backlash, Trump has doubled down on his rhetoric.And the support that he is receiving from Shaw and others demonstrates that the businessman s message is appealing to some* (many) voters who view illegal immigration as a serious problem. *edit by 100% FED UP!Via: CNN ",0
21574,WALMART WILL MELT CLASS RINGS WITH CONFEDERATE FLAG: [Video] Refuses To Fulfill Order For Arkansas Woman…Will Refund Payment,"An Arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from Walmart left disappointed, after store officials told her the retailer s new policy barred them from turning the item over   because it bore an image of the Confederate flag.Elaine Glidewell told KFSM someone from the store in Fort Smith called her to pick up the ring she d ordered for her nephew, but when she arrived on Tuesday, a clerk told her she couldn t have it. The ring had been ordered before Walmart stopped selling items bearing images of the flag, in the wake of controversy that stemmed from a racially-charged shooting in South Carolina. I wanted to cry,  Glidewell told KFSM, adding that the store clerk said the ring would be  melted. Glidewell said she paid $320 for the ring and was going to present it to her nephew, who recently graduated. He had expressed interest in a design that bore a Rebel mascot that incorporates the Confederate battle flag. She got her money back, but no ring. They wouldn t let me have the ring. It had a note on it, was in a plastic bag, it said do not sell. It was signed by the store manager,  Glidewell said.Brian Nick, spokesman for Walmart, told FoxNews.com Glidewell was denied the ring because her transaction came after the retailer made a  business decision  to stop selling items with the Confederate flag on it.Via: FOX News",0
21575,HOW FAILED DEMOCRAT LEADERSHIP IS TAKING NYC BACK TO PRE-[Rudy] GILLIANI ERA,"Miss him yet?Here s an up-close look at a quality-of-life offense the City Council wants to decriminalize.This urinating vagrant turned a busy stretch of Broadway into his own private bathroom yesterday   an offense that would result in a mere summons if Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and her pals get their way.Wrapped in rags and a Mets blanket the hobo wandered into traffic at around 10:30 a.m. and relieved himself as cabs, cars and buses whizzed by between West 83rd and 84th streets on the Upper West Side.He finished his business at a nearby garbage bin, then strolled back to the front of a Victoria s Secret store at Broadway and 85th Street, where he camped out for the rest of the day.Mark-Viverito in April announced plans to decriminalize public urination along with five other low-level offenses: biking on the sidewalk, public consumption of alcohol, being in a park after dark, failure to obey a park sign and jumping subway turnstiles. Police Commissioner Bill Bratton   who in the early  90s implemented a  broken windows  approach to policing to dramatically cut crime   is against the new plan, saying such offenses lead to more serious crimes.Bill Caprese, 38, who lives on 82nd Street with his 6-year-old daughter, was appalled by the street urinator. It s absolutely a failure of government. It s a total abject failure,  he said.  The mayor could fix it. The governor could fix it. We need asylums. Unfortunately for NYC, radical socialist Mayor DeBlasio turned his back on the NYPD, whose job it is to control the crime. An employee at the Victoria s Secret, where the homeless man often lounges, said he drives away business. He curses people out, threatens lives,  said the employee, who works in the lingerie chain s loss-prevention department. Customers complain about him all the time. And the growing problem isn t solely on city streets. Transit hubs, including Penn Station, are plagued by surging numbers of homeless people who publicly masturbate, harass bystanders and demand free food as the city looks the other way, commuters complain. It reminds me of the pre-[Rudy] Giuliani era,  said Jim Hoover, 60, who has been commuting through Penn Station since 1986.  The police aren t chasing them away anymore. Just outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal, a homeless man drunkenly knocked a woman to the floor while stumbling around the sidewalk.The bum, who goes by  Monk,  was arrested by a cop at the scene and taken away by an FDNY ambulance. He s going to get a hospital bed and a slap on the wrist,  said Timothy Arroyo, who was watching from a crowd that gathered.  He ll be back out here tomorrow. A PA source said there has been a  noticeable uptick  in vagrants at the terminal in recent months.Via: NYP",0
21576,WHY OBAMA IGNORED MURDER BY ILLEGAL ALIEN IN SANCTUARY CITY: You Have Never Seen Megyn Kelly This Mad Before!,"Fox News host Megyn Kelly shut down a liberal guest in a blistering Thursday night exchange about President Barack Obama s silence on the senseless killing of Kate Steinle at a San Francisco tourist area.Kelly observed that the president was only too willing to speak out on the Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Freddie Gray killings, but was noticeably silent on Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant who d been deported five times and had seven felony convictions. When asked repeatedly this week to speak to this case, White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to weigh in, other than to refer folks to the Department of Homeland Security,  Kelly said.  A stark contrast to what we saw after Michael Brown was killed in Ferguson [Missouri], a man we now know was attacking a police officer at the time of his death. Liberal talk show host Richard Fowler made the ridiculous claim that the woman would be alive today if Congress had passed immigration reform legislation. Stop that! Stop that! Stop that! Answer my question please,  Kelly said.  Give an answer! You can t!   There s no excuse for it! He picks and chooses the victims he wants to highlight. And apparently, this victim wasn t deemed worthy. When political consultant Marc Thiessen asked Fowler to explain his statement that Obama doesn t support sanctuary cities for illegal immigrants, Fowler veered off into left field and again brought up lack of immigration reform, placing the blame on Republican lawmakers for not acting on immigration reform. That s a dodge! Support what you just said, Richard!  Kelly shot back.  Stop it   You keep making these assertions and then you dance off to the sidelines. You said the president doesn t support sanctuary city policies. What do you base that on? I base it on the fact that if we had comprehensive immigration reform there would be no need for sanctuary cities,  Fowler repeated.  And I m pretty sure the White House would tell you the same thing tonight. Via: Breitbart News",0
21577,“COMEDIAN” CHRIS ROCK WAS A RACIST BEFORE IT WAS COOL: “You can’t beat white people at anything…nothing. But you can knock ’em out.” [VIDEO],"To watch a black comedian with a net worth of $70 million in a country with a majority white population whine about his victimhood is just pathetic. And for anyone who thinks it s okay for Rock to spew this kind of hatred for whites in a video because he s a  comedian,  you may want to watch this video (especially starting at the 3:10 mark) because there s nothing funny about anything he has to say: My dad used to say: You can t beat white people at anything nothing. But you can knock  em out.' In my neighborhood, there s like 3- 4 black people in my neighborhood in Alpine. It s me, Gary Sheffield, Mary Jane Blige, Patrick Ewing. Hall of Famer, Hall of Famer, greatest R & B singer of our time. Who lives next to me? What s the white man next to me? He s a dentist. He didn t invent anything, he s just a dentist. That s what America is.(So, going to college and becoming a successful dentist is something that was  given  to him?) Tell the third generation white coal miner about his  white privilege  Chris. Tell the white single mom flipping burgers by day and cleaning hotel rooms by night about her  white privilege  Chris. Maybe, just maybe, if you took off your racist goggles for 5 minutes, you might see that blacks don t have the market on victimhood.  And if you think anything has changed since victim Chris Rock made this racist video, here is a video he made about the Confederate flag 3 years ago. Watch as he attempts to mock every white person (or  cracker  as he calls them). The best line is when he calls Al Sharpton  Martin Luther King with a perm : ",0
21578,"DETROIT’S AL SHARPTON WANNABE Attempts To Bully NAACP Award Winning Artist, Kid Rock Into Ditching Confederate Flag [VIDEO]","Never mind the fact that Kid Rock fought for and won full custody of his black son, whom he raised by himself.Never mind that Kid Rock was chosen to recieve the Detroit chapter of the NAACP s highest award for service to the black community. He s still a  racist  because a flag makes him one  Right little Al?None of that matters to the race hustling crowd who make a living by shaking down citizens for violating their special set of rules. These shake down artists should be in prison, but you re more likely to find them discussing strategy at the White House or attending a Democrat party fundraiser. In the land of the left, these race baiters play an important role in the victim business, and as we all know, the victim business brings in votes. Watch the  Reverend  Charles Williams II in action:Megyn Kelly of FOX News delivered a message to her viewers during her show from Kid Rock to Al Sharpton wannabe,  Reverend  William Charles II:https://youtu.be/Sic7tNLtxkQ ",0
21579,15 YR OLDS IN THIS STATE CAN NOW GET STATE FUNDED SEX-CHANGE OPERATION WITHOUT PARENTAL CONSENT…But Need Consent To Use Tanning Bed,"The left has officially taken parenting out of our hands via legislation and handed it over to our government The list of things 15-year-olds are not legally allowed to do in Oregon is long: Drive, smoke, donate blood, get a tattoo   even go to a tanning bed.But, under a first-in-the-nation policy quietly enacted in January that many parents are only now finding out about, 15-year-olds are now allowed to get a sex-change operation. Many residents are stunned to learn they can do it without parental notification   and the state will even pay for it through its Medicaid program, the Oregon Health Plan. It is trespassing on the hearts, the minds, the bodies of our children,  said Lori Porter of Parents  Rights in Education.  They re our children. And for a decision, a life-altering decision like that to be done unbeknownst to a parent or guardian, it s mindboggling. In a statement, Oregon Health Authority spokeswoman Susan Wickstrom explained it this way:  Age of medical consent varies by state. Oregon law   which applies to both Medicaid and non-Medicaid Oregonians   states that the age of medical consent is 15. While 15 is the medical age of consent in the state, the decision to cover sex-change operations specifically was made by the Health Evidence Review Commission (HERC).Members are appointed by the governor and paid by the state of Oregon. With no public debate, HERC changed its policy to include cross-sex hormone therapy, puberty-suppressing drugs and gender-reassignment surgery as covered treatments for people with gender dysphoria, formally known as gender identity disorder.HERC officials refused repeated requests by Fox News for an interview and even gave Fox News inaccurate information about the medical director s work schedule.Oregon Health Authority officials directed Fox News to their website. It shows transgender policy was discussed at four meetings in 2014. It was passed without any opposition or even discussion about teenagers  new access to undergoing a sex change.Gender dysphoria is classified by the American Psychiatric Association as a mental disorder in which a person identifies as the sex opposite of his or her birth. It is rare, affecting one out of every 20,000 males and one out of every 50,000 females.According to a 2008 study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry,  most children with gender dysphoria will not remain gender dysphoric after puberty. Dr. Paul McHugh, who led the Johns Hopkins Psychiatry Department and still practices, said Oregon s policy amounts to child abuse.  We have a very radical and even mutilating treatment being offered to children without any evidence that the long-term outcome of this would be good,  McHugh said.Dr. Jack Drescher, a member of the APA who worked on the Sexual and Gender Identity Disorders Work Group, says treatment for gender dysphoria has received a lot more attention in recent years. He said this year New York changed its policy to cover cross-sex hormone drugs and sex-reassignment surgery for Medicaid recipients who are at least 18 years old. He thinks Oregon is offering the treatment too early. Children age 15 may not fully understand all the consequences of the procedures they are undergoing,  he said.Jenn Burleton disagrees. She underwent a sex-reassignment surgery and started the Portland non-profit group TransActive. She said requiring parental consent would lead to more suffering and teen suicide attempts. Parents may not be supportive,  Burleton said.  They may not be in an environment where they feel the parent will affirm their identity, this may have been going on for years. The science is unsettled. A 2010 Murad study concluded  very low quality evidence suggests sex reassignment   improves gender dysphoria and overall quality of life.  The authors admitted the evidence was  sparse and inconclusive. Lisa Maloney, a parent and Scappoose, Ore., School Board member, is outraged. To know that taxpayers are now on the hook for that, that a child can do that without their parent s knowledge or information or consent, parents have absolutely no say, that s appalling,  Maloney said.The Oregon Health Authority could not say how many Medicaid recipients have been treated for gender dysphoria since the new policy took effect in January. Oregon has 935,000 people enrolled in the Oregon Health Plan. HERC assumes between 14 and 112 of them may be gender dysphoric. It estimates the total cost of adding cross-sex hormone therapy, puberty-suppressing drugs and sex reassignment surgeries to the coverage will be no more than $150,000 per year.But HERC also believes the state will save money due to fewer suicide attempts. It estimates there will be one less suicide attempt per year. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates the average cost per suicide attempt in the U.S. is $7,234.But Dr. McHugh says a sex-change operation, especially for young people with gender dysphoria, is never appropriate. We can help them if we begin to explore with them and their families what they re fearing about development, what they re fearing about being a young boy, a young adolescent appropriate to themselves. Via: FOX News",0
21580,TRUMP THREATENS TO SUE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT ACTIVIST AND FAV OBAMA CELEBRITY CHEF For Pulling Out Of Restaurant Deal In New DC Hotel,"America better wake up and realize we are quickly becoming victims of leftist bullies and their desire to destroy our right to free speech Celebrity chef Jose Andres is backing out of a deal to put his new flagship restaurant inside the new Trump International Hotel in Washington DC after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump caused a media firestorm with his recent comments about illegal immigration.In a statement, Andres whose ThinkFoodGroup oversees more than a dozen restaurants in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, and Puerto Rico said comments Trump made about illegal immigration during his presidential campaign announcement last month  make it impossible  for him to open his restaurant in Trump s new hotel. Donald Trump s recent statements disparaging immigrants make it impossible for my company and I to move forward with opening a successful Spanish restaurant in Trump International s upcoming hotel in Washington D.C.,  Andres said in a statement.  More than half of my team is Hispanic, as are many of our guests. And, as a proud Spanish immigrant and recently naturalized American citizen myself, I believe that every human being deserves respect, regardless of immigration status. Andres s statement comes after Washington DC resident Erick Sanchez started a Change.org petition asking the chef to pull his planned restaurant from Trump s hotel. The petition had gathered 2,750 signatures by Wednesday afternoon, but it was unclear whether it had played a role in Andres s decision.In an email to the Washington Post, Trump s son Donald Trump Jr. said that Andres had  no right  to back out of what he said is a 10-year lease the chef signed with the hotel and threatened legal action:Our relationship with Jos  Andr s has always been a good one, but simply put, Jos  has no right to terminate or otherwise abandon his obligations under the lease. In the event Mr. Andres defaults in the performance of his obligations, we will not hesitate to take legal action to recover all unpaid rent for the entire 10 year term together with all attorneys  fees and additional damages we may sustain. We will also enforce the exclusivity provisions preventing Mr. Andr s from opening a competing restaurant anywhere in the D.C area. Mr. Andr s  obligations under the lease are clear and unambiguous. More importantly, construction is ahead of schedule at Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. and when completed in 2016, will be a crown jewel within the Trump Hotel Collection.Andres has been a vocal advocate for immigration reform. In a 2013 op-ed for the Post, the chef, who became a naturalized American citizen after living in the United States for decades, lobbied Congress to pass an immigration bill that had stalled in the legislature. The fellow immigrants I ve known and worked with over the years, those with legal status and those without, are here for the right reasons,  Andres wrote.  They don t want to cause any trouble, take any handouts or steal anyone s job. Many already pay taxes and have jobs   tough, dirty, exhausting work that America depends on, such as picking our tomatoes, cleaning our fish or canning our products on cold factory floors for low wages and no benefits. Andres s decision to cut ties with Trump follows other individuals and companies who have backed away from the real estate mogul and presidential candidate in recent weeks. NBC, Univision, Macy s, PGA Golf, the Miss Universe pageant, and ESPN have all distanced themselves from Trump following his comments.Via: Breitbart News",0
21581,"NOT SO FAST: CA LIBS TRY TO ‘Drought Shame’ Conservative Actor Tom Selleck For ‘Stealing’ Water, But Ventura County Sheriff Disagrees","When will the libs start Delta Smelt shaming and demand answers from the left for putting a fish before the lives and livelihood of so many TV cop Tom Selleck may or may not have improperly swiped precious water by the magnum, but he didn t commit a crime, real California cops told NBC News on Wednesday.Selleck, the 70-year-old star of  Blue Bloods  and formerly of  Magnum, P.I.,  and his wife, Jillie, were sued this week by the Calleguas Municipal Water District in Ventura County for allegedly sending a water tender   like the giant tanker trucks used to supply fire engines   to siphon off tankloads of water from a public hydrant at a construction site at least 12 times over the last two years.The water district said in its suit that it hired a real private investigator who several times observed the same water tender leave the 61-acre ranch the fictional P.I. owns in the ritzy Hidden Valley area of Ventura County, which is in a different water district and was assessed last year at more than $10 million (and was once owned by Dean Martin).The suit says the water district sent cease-and-desist letters to Selleck after its investigator spotted the truck at the hydrant eight times the week of Sept. 29, 2013.But the truck showed up again in December of that year, and was tracked as it proceeded to Selleck s property, according to the suit.Then, on four straight days just last March, the same truck again drained tankloads of water from the construction site and delivered it to the Selleck ranch, the suit says. The suit seeks an order forcing Selleck to stop using the district s water, plus reimbursement for the $21,685.55 it paid the investigator, with damages and other costs.But the suit is a civil action, not a criminal case. Ventura County sheriff s Capt. John Riley meanwhile told NBC News that the sheriff s office did investigate allegations of criminal water theft, but  we are unable to establish a crime was committed. The Ventura County district attorney s office also confirmed that no case has been referred to it for prosecution.Selleck hasn t responded to requests for comment, and it s unknown whether he has anything to do with the water truck, which is registered under a commercial license.Eric Bergh, the water district s manager of resources, said the suit wasn t meant to be an example of  drought shaming,  a peculiarly California activity in which people suspected of hogging water are publicly called out. Our policies have been on the books for decades,  Bergh said.  We just want any such activity to stop   that is the bottom line for us. It s really about doing the right thing and preserving our water supply for our users. Via: CNBC",0
21582,TOP DEMOCRAT ACTIVIST WHO LAUNCHED ONLINE CAMPAIGN TO THREATEN AND BULLY 12 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE Is Facing Charges [Video],"CJ Pearson, the 12 year old conservative social media sensation who was bullied and threatened by grown-ups on the left, has more class in his little finger than the entire Democrat party combined. Here is a video message to President Barack Obama by CJ Pearson regarding his hatred for America that has over 1 million hits:The woman who launched an online campaign of bullying and veiled threats against Internet sensation CJ Pearson, frightening the young conservative s family enough to drive the boy briefly out of politics late last week, has been identified as a  top Democratic activist  from Baltimore.And the Pearson family is planning to press charges.According to a Facebook posting Sunday by Ali A. Akbar of Vice and Victory, a consulting firm that works with CJ, the woman behind the Twitter account  Mona Hussein Obama  is actually named Mona Brown. What she did was against the law,  Akbar said on the video, vowing to  expose a troll, a bully, a grown adult and top Democrat activist in Maryland for bullying a 12-year-old. Late last week, Brown began her Twitter campaign of harassment against Pearson in retaliation for Internet videos harshly critical of Obama that have made the boy an Internet sensation. Her tweets ranged from insults    your fam has been bowing down to white ppl    to hints of violence  Wish we could switch Trayvon s life for yours. On Facebook Friday, the 12-year-old announced he had had enough. After much thought and consideration, I ve decided to take a break from politics and political commentary,  he wrote.  I had a horribly rough night on Twitter after a woman not only threatened to sue me for expressing my opinions but threatened my family. The boy handed over his social media accounts to Vice and Victory, which quickly set up a support fund and hashtag #StandWithCJ.CJ s Facebook page now includes an apology Brown sent after her true identity became known. I apologize and am deeply ashamed of the horrible statements I made to @cjpearson,  she wrote.She then goes on to complain about how  the right wing  is attacking her family   apparently missing the irony that she earlier attacked the Pearson family and wished for their death.Pearson plans to get back into politics and says that the incident has only made his resolve stronger. After much thought and consideration, I have decided to press forward and continue to fight for what I believe in,  he wrote on Facebook.  Mona s hate has only strengthened my resolve and has encouraged me to continue to do what I love and what I do best. Via: Biz Pac Review",0
21583,POP STAR ARIANA GRANDE SAYS: “I hate Americans. I hate America” WORDS WERE TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT [VIDEO],"It s interesting how many of these celebrities who hate America and American citizens have no problem taking their money Pop star Ariana Grande said her words were taken out of context when she was caught on camera saying she  hates America. A video of Grande slamming the U.S. was posted by TMZ on Tuesday. The video shows the singer licking a doughnut at a California doughnut shop when she thought no one was looking. When an employee brought out a tray of oversized doughnuts, the Florida-born singer blurted out,  What the f k is that? I hate Americans. I hate America.  The employee told CBS Los Angeles that Grande was  rude  and even  spit  on the doughnuts.Now she says that was a mistake. I am EXTREMELY proud to be an American and I ve always made it clear that I love my county (sic),  Grande told FOX411 in a statement.  What I said in a private moment with my friend, who was buying the donuts, was taken out of context and I am sorry for not using more discretion with my choice of words. The 22-year-old explained she was frustrated by  how freely we as Americans eat and consume things without giving any thought to the consequences that it has on our health.  She admitted that she should have  known better in how [she] expressed [herself],  but seeing the doughnuts reminded her that the  United States has the highest child obesity rate in the world. We need to do more to educate ourselves and our children about the dangers of overeating and the poison that we put into our bodies,  she added.Grande also addressed rumors that she pulled out of the MLB All-Star Concert because of the video after her representative said Wednesday the singer would not perform Saturday at the Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati. As for why I cannot be at the MLB show, I have had emergency oral surgery and due to recovery I cannot attend the show. I hope to make it up to all those fans soon. Via: FOX News",0
21584,2009 DUKES OF HAZARD VIDEO EERILY PREDICTS THE FUTURE…This Is A Must Watch!, ,0
21585,ILLEGAL ALIEN ARRESTED FOR SHOOTING Teen Girlfriend and 3 Yr Old Son And Lighting Them On Fire While Boy Was Still Alive Was Previously Deported [VIDEO],"Since when did future Democrat voters take precedent over enforcing the law? Family members suspect jealousy may have led to the gruesome slayings of an Othello teen and her 3-year-old son found shot and severely burned in a remote part of Franklin County.Maria G. Cruiz-Calvillo, 18, and Luis F. Lopez-Cruz were identified Monday as the bodies found last week inside a vehicle that was set on fire in a ravine near the intersection of Scootney and Ridge roads.Luis likely was still alive when the car went up in flames, according to Dan Blasdel, Franklin County coroner.Luis would have turned four years old on Thursday. She was a really good person. She was always smiling,  said Karen Rodriguez, a sister-in-law of Cruiz-Calvillo who spoke for the family.  He was a happy kid. He was really playful and loved to be outside. Prudencio Juan Fragos-Ramirez, 25, of Connell, reportedly had recently started dating Cruiz-Calvillo and is suspected of killing the pair.Fragos-Ramirez was arrested hours into the investigation at his home less than a mile from where the bodies were found. He appeared Monday in Franklin County Superior Court, where Judge Carrie Runge set bail at $1 million.Runge ordered Fragos-Ramirez, who has previous convictions for DUI and driving while suspended, held for up to 72 hours while prosecutors determine what charges to file. Prosecutors say Fragos-Ramirez was deported in 2014 and got back into the country illegally.https://youtu.be/lsBOZqGQ1fcThe sheriff s office initially spelled his name Flagos-Ramirez, but court records show it s spelled Fragos-Ramirez.Family members had never met Fragos-Ramirez, though Cruiz-Calvillo talked to her mother about a guy she was seeing, whom she apparently referred to by the nickname  Loco,  Rodriguez said. (The family) thinks she never wanted a serious relationship with him,  Rodriguez said.  It s jealousy. Cruiz-Calvillo and Luis had gunshot wounds, Blasdel said. Tests to confirm whether they were still alive when the fire started have been requested.Firefighters found the bodies July 2 as they battled the car fire near a large orchard, court documents said. Franklin County deputies discovered the license plates were registered to an Othello man, who told investigators his niece, Cruiz-Calvillo, drove the vehicle.Family members last saw Cruiz-Calvillo the afternoon of her death as she was leaving Othello with Luis for Pasco to make a car payment, court documents said. She routinely went to Pasco to make car payments. We checked with the bank,  Rodriguez said.  She made the payment at 3:43 (p.m.). Two neighbors saw Cruiz-Calvillo and Luis arrive at Fragos-Ramirez s home about 4:40 p.m., court documents said. The neighbors recognized the mother and son because they frequent the house on Hogback Road.Between 10 and 20 minutes later, the neighbors saw the pair and Fragos-Ramirez walking towards Cruiz-Calvillo s car, court documents said. They didn t see Fragos-Ramirez return to the house and didn t see him again until about 7 p.m.Smoke was spotted coming from the ravine where the bodies were found about 20 to 30 minutes after the trio was seen leaving the home. It took detectives eight minutes to drive from the home to the spot where the bodies were found.Detectives were able to track down Fragos-Ramirez for an interview after Cruiz-Calvillo s brother, Arturo Calvillo, remembered meeting a man who matched the description of Fragos-Ramirez while at a house on church business, court documents said. Calvillo took Detective Jason Nunez to the house, and Nunez contacted a woman there.The woman told Nunez she had a brother who was at the house when Calvillo came over, court documents said. She called Fragos-Ramirez and handed the phone to Nunez, who then set up an interview.Via: Tri City Herald",0
21586,BREAKING: GUN USED BY 5 TIME DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIEN BELONGED TO FEDERAL AGENT,"Just another interesting discovery in a story that has already exposed a very corrupt government that favors illegal aliens over American citizens The gun used in the seemingly random slaying of a woman on a San Francisco pier belonged to a federal agent, a law enforcement official briefed on the matter said Tuesday.The official, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the case and spoke on condition of anonymity, said a police check of the weapon s serial number shows it belonged to a federal agent. The official declined to elaborate further.The San Francisco Police Department, which is investigating the case, declined to comment.The revelation was the latest dramatic twist in a tragic case that has become a new flashpoint in the country s debate over immigration policies.The suspected gunman, Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, has been deported to his native Mexico five times and is suspected of living in the United States illegally when Kathryn Steinle, 32, was gunned down last week while on an evening stroll with her father along San Francisco s popular waterfront area.Federal officials transferred Sanchez to San Francisco s jail in March to face a 20-year-old marijuana charge after Sanchez completed his latest prison term for illegally entering the country.The San Francisco sheriff, citing the city s  sanctuary city  policy, released Sanchez in April after prosecutors dropped the drug charge, despite an Immigration and Customs Enforcement request to hold him for federal authorities so deportation proceedings could begin.Sanchez pleaded not guilty Tuesday to first-degree murder.He told two television stations who interviewed him in jail that he found the gun used in Steinle s killing wrapped in a shirt on the pedestrian pier she was walking on. Sanchez said the gun went off in his hands, and his public defender, Matt Gonzalez, said Tuesday that the San Francisco woman s death appeared accidental. San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi has defended Sanchez s release and the city law requiring it to ignore ICE detainer requests. The sheriff said ICE could have obtained a warrant or court order to keep Sanchez in custody. ICE knew where he was,  Mirkarimi said Monday. He said he will continue to ignore ICE detainer requests.State and federal Republicans, meanwhile, said they would look into the matter.Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson, who chairs the Senate s homeland security committee, criticized federal officials and demanded to know why Sanchez was not deported. Does that make any sense to you?  Johnson demanded to know at a hearing Tuesday.  Because I ll tell you it doesn t make any sense to the American public. Republican state Sen. Jeff Stone said he would introduce legislation in Sacramento to require cities to comply with ICE detainer requests.At Sanchez s arraignment Tuesday, prosecutor Dianna Garcia argued against releasing Sanchez on bail, saying,  This was an act of random violence, shooting an innocent victim in the back. The judge set bail at $5 million, which Gonzalez said will keep Sanchez jailed pending trial.A downcast Sanchez spent most of the hearing with his head bowed, appearing to fight back tears while the judge explained the charged to him. Sanchez was aided by a Spanish-language interpreter and entered his plea in Spanish.Outside court, his attorney said Sanchez has a second-grade education and a non-violent criminal record.He could face life in prison if convicted.Via: FOX Carolina",0
21587,OBAMA COZIES UP TO ANOTHER COMMUNIST LEADER TO DISCUSS HUMAN RIGHTS… AND TPP?,"So much for the US refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world From Human Rights Watch: Vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. A one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent, using a broad array of repressive measures. Freedom of expression, association and assembly are tightly controlled. The police routinely use torture and beatings to extract confessions and punish detainees. Religious minorities and activists are harassed, intimidated and imprisoned. The criminal justice system lacks independence and operates under the direction of the government and party. State-run drug rehabilitation centers exploit detainees as forced laborers making goods for local markets and export. Despite the pressure, increasing numbers of courageous bloggers and activists are vocal in calling for democracy and greater freedoms.A coalition of 14 human rights groups strongly condemns the Feb. 2014 decision by an appeals court upholding a 30-month prison sentence for Vietnamese human rights lawyer and blogger Le Quoc Quan. Mr. Quan has been detained since December 2012.The groups believe Mr. Quan s detention is politically motivated and a reaction to his blog, where he frequently exposes human rights violations by the Vietnamese government. Mr. Quan is a victim of a coordinated government crackdown on bloggers, citizen journalists and pro-democracy activists.Meanwhile President Barack Obama met Tuesday with Vietnamese communist party leader Nguy n Ph  Tr ng in the hopes of strengthening ties between the two nations. The President also welcomes the opportunity to discuss other issues, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, human rights, and bilateral defense cooperation,  the White House said in a statement.The meeting came nearly four decades after the Vietnam War. Since that time, the two countries have made efforts to improve diplomatic relations. In just the past two years, Obama has met with Vietnam s President Tr ng T n Sang and Prime Minister Nguy n T n D ng. Like in any relations between two countries in the world, Vietnam and the U.S. have differences on a number of issues, such as perception on democracy, human rights and trade,  Tr ng wrote, according to NPR.  To resolve differences, I believe the most effective way would be open and constructive dialogues. Via: Daily Caller",0
21588,NEW APP GIVES WOMEN OPPORTUNITY TO TALK ABOUT ‘GUILT FREE’ ABORTIONS: ‘I’ve had 5 abortions because I love getting pregnant but just not ready for kids.’,"Wow maybe they could include a place where the  mothers  could pose with their dead babies a photo gallery of sorts Women all over the world have opened up on the still relatively taboo subject of abortion on secret-sharing app Whisper.Finding relief in the anonymity aspect of the app, individuals took the opportunity to reveal their true unabashed feelings on the termination of their pregnancies.Without censorship, frank confessions varied from lack of remorse, to one woman even admitting that she visited a nightclub the very same day.Whisper is an online community that allows anonymous users to share and comment on each other s secrets, allowing individuals to air their emotions without any fear of retribution. Women of all ages, who admitted to not regretting their decision to have an abortion, were asked to shed a light on their thought processes and emotions.One woman talked about her unshakable stance, citing:  Having an abortion was the easiest decision of my life. Another individual revealed her own extensive and unbridled history with terminating pregnancies, stating:  I ve had 5 abortions because I love getting pregnant but just not ready for kids. Many of the Whisper users talked about other people s projection of guilt or regret, that they had failed to experience themselves. One confused woman wrote:  Sometimes I feel guilty over the fact that I feel no guilt about my abortion. A rather shocking confession came from a woman that continued on with her party lifestyle after the often exhausting procedure:  I had an abortion a week ago. I don t feel the slightest bit of guilt, I even went out to a club on the same day. Here are some women who shared their thoughts on abortion:Here s a  woman  who in 2010 made a Youtube video to share her  positive  experience about her abortion. She finishes her video by saying:  I hope everyone on Youtube has a great and godless day. Another Whisper user talked about how time passing had no effect on the feeling of regret with her decision:  5 years and I ve not once felt regret for my abortion. No regret, no guilt, no second thoughts, nothing. Another added:  I ve had two abortions in two years. I keep waiting for the guilt to come, but so far I feel nothing. Others used the opportunity as an emotional outlet to directly  speak  to people who had judged them.One woman argued:  I don t regret my abortion regardless of how much you think I should. Some women even went so far to express the happiness at their decision, with one woman adding:  I ve had 5 abortions and I don t feel bad or sad about any of them I was kinda happy. Similarly, another woman compared her own sensations of relief and happiness to other people s darker experience, writing:  I actually find it strange how depressed people get after having an abortion. I don t regret mine one bit, let alone feel depressed about it. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21589,AN INSIDE LOOK AT OBAMA’S 5-STAR SUMMER VACATION RETREAT: Meanwhile…62% Of Americans Won’t Be Taking A Vacation This Summer,"About 62 percent of Americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. Out of that, more than half said they couldn t afford it.Just like the Obama s keep telling us  it s all about fair share or something like that As the weather heats up in Washington, DC, the Obamas as planning their summer vacation.The Boston Herald reports that President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle and daughters Sasha and Malia will be staying on Martha s Vineyard from August 8-23.The Obamas have spent almost every single summer on the tony island off the coast of Massachusetts  Cape Cod except for 2012   when the president was running for re-election.Continuing yet another tradition of their annual retreat, the Obamas are also expected to stay at the same $12million  cottage  in Chilmark they rented last year.The 8,100-square-foot home features seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a basketball/tennis court, hot tub, infinity pool and views of the Elizabeth Islands.The home is owned by wealthy widow Joanna Hubschman, whose husband Henry died of cancer in 2011.Four years before his death, Mr Hubschman, a General Electric executive, contributed $6,900   the maximum donation then allowed   to Hillary Clinton s 2008 bid for president, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.However, it was Barack Obama who took the party s ticket and went on to win the White House.Two weeks before the general election, Mr Hubschman contributed $2,300 to Obama s campaign.This year s vacation is likely to be a bit more relaxing for Mr Obama, who faced a wave of criticism for his golf playing last year in the midst of a crisis with ISIS.Via:  UK Daily Mail",0
21590,WATCH HOW YOUNG HILLARY SUPPORTERS REACT WHEN THEY SEE ACTUAL PHOTOS OF HER ‘Everyday American’ Homes [VIDEO],"So much for that whole  dead broke  nonsense Hillary Clinton has vowed to be a champion for  everyday Americans. The former Secretary of State who once described herself and husband Bill Clinton as  dead broke kicked off her campaign on June 13 and in her 45-minute speech on New York City s Roosevelt Island, Clinton delivered a message similar to her initial presidential announcement. Americans have fought their way back from tough economic times,  Clinton said in the video announcement on April 12.  But the deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top. So what do Millennials think of a candidate who criticizes the  1 percent,  but simultaneously owns multi-million dollar properties in Washington, D.C. and New York and spends her summers in the Hamptons? Campus Correspondent Cabot Phillips took to the streets of our nation s capitol to find out in Campus Reform s debut of  Candidate s Cribs. Via: Campus Reform",0
21591,DISNEY’S ESPN PUNISHES TRUMP FOR FREE SPEECH…Isn’t It Time America Punished DISNEY For Putting Their Leftist Agenda Before Free Speech?,"Disney s just doing their part to advance a radical leftist agenda by punishing conservatives and anyone who dares to challenge their views ESPN has become the latest corporate entity jump on the pig-pile on Donald Trump.Following moves by Macy s, NBCUniversal, and NASCAR to distance themselves from the presidential candidate, ESPN has decided to move an annual golf tournament honoring late North Carolina State basketball coach Jim Valvano from the Trump National Golf Club. We decided it was appropriate to change the venue, and are grateful for the opportunity to stage the event at Pelican Hill on short notice,  the network announced in a statement.  This charity outing benefits The V Foundation s Stuart Scott Memorial Cancer Research Fund, providing resources for important cancer research for minority populations, including Hispanics and African Americans. Our decision reflects our deep feelings for our former colleague and support for inclusion of all sports fans. Diversity and inclusion are core values at ESPN and our decision also supports that commitment. Corporations seeking to limit speech have tangled with the businessman-turned-politician since his remarks critical of illegal immigration that came during his presidential announcement last month. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best,  Trump maintained on June 16.  They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. Via: Breitbart NewsDisney s ESPN is the top cable network in viewers, advertising and affiliate revenue, according to data from Nielsen and SNL Kagan. The all-sports network ended 2014 by ousting Comcast s USA Network from the No. 1 spot for the first time in recent memory, thanks to a stream of negative news out of the NFL that stimulated viewing along with an unquenchable interest in World Cup soccer. The flagship network is poised to see its affiliate fees per subscriber, per month, rocket from $6.04 last year to $6.55 in 2015 and as much as $7.21 in 2016, according to SNL Kagan estimates. ESPN s five networks will net $8.80 by the end of 2016, according to estimates. Meanwhile, advertising revenue at the sports networks is poised to balloon to $2.3 billion next year. Via: NY Post",0
21592,‘IT’S ALL ABOUT THE KIDS’…JUST ASK THE UNIONS: Public Schools Are Broke While Shocking Number Of Chicago School Employees Make Six Figures Per Year,"If the Chicago Public Schools were a business in the private sector, they would have been bankrupt decades ago There s no doubt that Chicago Public Schools have serious money problems, and they are not all the fault of district administrators.Labor costs for union employees have been through the roof for years. And Illinois state law forces the district to directly fund a huge percentage of a pension program for retirees.Earlier this week the district, which has been operating with an budget deficit of more than $1 billion, had to borrow money to make the latest installment on the pension program, which came to a whopping $634 million, according to NBCChicago.As a result, the district announced that it will have to make about $200 million in budget cuts in the next fiscal year. That means that approximately 1,400 district jobs will be  impacted  one way or the other, according to the district CEO.It just so happens that there are 1,599 CPS employees   a bit more than the targeted 1,400   who could easily be  impacted  by the budget ax without hurting them or impacting student instruction.Those are the employees   mostly administrators   who made more than $100,000 in straight salary in 2013-14, before their benefits were figured in, according to a salary chart obtained by EAGnews. Eighty-three of those employees made at least $150,000 in straight salary.The 1,599 employees collectively made a whopping $192 million in 2013-14. That s almost enough to cover the $200 million in budget cuts the district will be making.The 83 who made at least $150,000 took home a collective $13.2 million.Is this a classic case of  too many chiefs? Now-former Chief Executive Officer Barbara Byrd Bennett made $250,000. Chief Administrative Officer Timothy Cawley made $215,000. Chief Financial Officer Ginger Ostro made $180,000. Chief Accountability Officer John Barker made $175,000. Chief of College and Career Success Aarti Dhupelia made $175,000. Chief Teaching and Learning Officer Annette Gawley made $175,000. Chief Officer of Networks Denise Little made $175,000. Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer Sherry Ulery made $175,000.Let s not forget the chief lawyer   General Counsel James Bebley   who made $175,000. Just those nine salaries alone came to nearly $1.7 million.There were 13 employees with the title  Chief of Schools  who each made $151,131.One might argue that all that money went to important employees who do important work. But is that really the case, or do they pass on the work to a slightly lesser-paid network of under-chiefs?For instance, the district has a Chief of Staff ($165,000 per year) to go along with the Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer. It has a Chief of Education Effectiveness ($165,000 per year) to go along with the Chief Teaching and Learning Officer. It has a Treasurer ($167,0000 per year) and Budget Manager ($107,000 per year) to go along with the Chief Financial Officer.And remember, the district has both a Chief Executive Officer and a Chief Administrative Officer, who combined to make $465,000 in straight salary in 2013-14.There was a bit of panic this week, when CPS announced that 1,400 school jobs would be  impacted.  Some, including union officials, assumed that the majority of the affected employees would be teachers. We are blindsided by reports that the district intends to lay off 1,400 public school educators, given that we just met with them yesterday and there was no mention of this action,  Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis said in a press statement.District officials quickly responded that teachers would not be primary targets, according to the news report. The 1,400 affected positions include employees in the central office, operations and other programs,  said CPS spokeswoman Emily Bittner, who works for Chief Communications Officer Ronald Iori, who made $165,000 in 2013-14 while supervising a Chief of Media Relations ($150,000 per year), a Director of Media Affairs ($100,000 per year), and a Chief Speechwriter ($100,000 per year).Via: EAG News",0
21593,MOTHER OF 7 YR OLD CHARGED WITH “Endangerment” For Allowing Child To Play In Park Across Street From Home Unsupervised For An Hour,"Because the government knows best when it comes to raising your children or something like that.A Maine mother faces child endangerment charges for allowing her daughter to play at the park across the street from her house without her constant supervision.Nicole Jensen told WMTW she often allows her three children to play at the park a few hundred feet from her house and parents in the neighborhood make a coordinated effort to watch each other s children. She watches from her front porch.But when Jensen s 7-year-old daughter was playing in the park by herself last week, someone at the park called 911 to report she was unattended and police intervened.But instead of simply walking the child home, police tried unsuccessfully to call Jensen, then hauled the girl to the police station when the mother didn t immediately answer her phone, according to the Personal Liberty blog.Jensen said she requires her children to check in every hour when they re playing outside, but police chastised the mother for not keeping closer tabs and insinuated the girl was in danger at the park. They said,  Do you know where your daughter is?  and I said,  Yes,  and they said,  Well no you don t. She s at the police station,  Jensen recalled.  (The officer) said she was at the park unsupervised, no one know where she was, and if I hadn t gotten a hold of you, I would have taken her into (the Department of Health and Human Services). Westbrook Police Chief Janie Roberts told the news site she estimated the girl was at the park for about an hour before she was detained. That s a long time for a 7-year-old to be by herself in any location, let alone a public park,  Roberts said.Police eventually charged Jensen with child endangerment. They brought her to the police station when her house is right there,  Jensen said, according to Personal Liberty. She did nothing wrong,  she said.  She s followed all of my rules. Jensen told WMTW her daughter was  terrified  by the ordeal, and she plans to fight the child endangerment charge. She ll also have to deal with DHHS, as police referred her case to that department, as well.Via: EAG News ",0
21594,ILLEGAL ALIEN WHO MURDERED INNOCENT WOMAN WAS DEPORTED 3 TIMES: Obama’s Solution To Increasing Crime By Illegals…Cut Back On Deportations,"Because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from Mexico and South America.To hell with America it s all about the votes The man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular San Francisco tourist spot on Wednesday has been  deported to Mexico several times,  according to a report by the local ABC News affiliate. The woman, 32-year-old Kathryn Steinle ( Kate ), was struck in the chest with a bullet while visiting Pier 14 on the Embarcadero with her family. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but doctors were unable to save her, as she died in her parents  arms a few hours later.The suspect, Francisco Sanchez, was identified as being in his mid-40s and on probation from Texas due to previous, undisclosed crimes. He was arrested after tips from passers-by. Officials said that the killing appeared to be random. Police believe they have recovered the murder weapon from the waters of the San Francisco Bay near the pier, where the suspect allegedly tossed it.On Thursday, two news crews filming live at Pier 14 were mugged at the scene, and one cameraman was pistol-whipped.The San Francisco Chronicle described Steinle s last moments in heartbreaking detail: She fought for her life,  [Liz] Sullivan said, adding that her daughter s heart had stopped two times, and was restarted, in the ambulance. It was a battle, but she just didn t make it,  she said.  It was horrific, but we knew the minute they came to talk to us, it wasn t good. But it was so nice to go in and be with her. Sullivan said that in their final moments together, she softly touched her daughter s face   a face she used to paint when the young woman was a little girl. We have deep faith,  Jim Steinle said, adding,  Our faith isn t to the point where we re ready to forgive.   Via: Breitbart NewsOBAMA S SOLUTION TO ILLEGAL CRIME IN AMERICA:Washington Post  The Obama administration has begun a profound shift in its enforcement of the nation s immigration laws, aiming to hasten the integration of long-term illegal immigrants into society rather than targeting them for deportation, according to documents and federal officials.In recent months, the Department of Homeland Security has taken steps to ensure that the majority of the United States  11.3 million undocumented immigrants can stay in this country, with agents narrowing enforcement efforts to three groups of illegal migrants: convicted criminals, terrorism threats or those who recently crossed the border.While public attention has been focused on the court fight over President Obama s highly publicized executive action on immigration, DHS has with little fanfare been training thousands of immigration agents nationwide to carry out new policies on everyday enforcement.",0
21595,"BREAKING: [Video] DIRTY BOMB FEARS, As NYC Police Officers With Targets Placed On Their Backs By Obama And DeBlasio Wear Nuclear Bomb Detectors July 4th Weekend","Not knowing how many members of ISIS and other terrorist groups have slipped undetected into our country is yet another serious consequence of Obama s open borders Several thousand New York City uniformed and plain clothes officers will patrol the city this weekend.7,000 closed circuit security cameras will be closely watched.Air and water patrol will be equipped with radiation detection.Police officers will also be equipped with special radiation detection monitors to be put on their belts to detect for dirty bombs. America faces the highest threat level ever this year for the 4th of July.https://youtu.be/Zflo1wizClUVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
21596,PREGNANT ‘Pro-Choice’ WOMAN ASKS $1 MILLION RANSOM FOR BABY: ‘How much would you pay to stop an abortion?’,"Wow just wow!A pregnant woman has challenged pro life activists to pay her $1 million to keep her baby.In an anonymous essay titled  How much would you pay to stop an abortion? , the writer claims she is 26 years old, seven weeks pregnant, with every intention of aborting her fetus.But if she receives $1 million in 72 hours she will allegedly have the baby, put it up for adoption, and put every cent into a trust fund for the child to access at 21.Otherwise, every donation will be returned and she will go through with the abortion she has scheduled for July 10.Donations will be accepted from midnight July 7.Writing one-page website called prolifeantiwoman.com, the woman says the rallying cry is a protest against  extremely restrictive abortion laws  recently passed in the state where she attends graduate school.The laws, she writes, require women to wait 72 hours after a doctor consultation to have an abortion.North Carolina became the fourth state to assume a law of that nature last month, following Missouri, South Dakota, and Utah.She continues: The laws  impose unnecessary waiting time to get an abortion and attempt to enforce rules that bypass the doctor/patient privacy privilege. I now feel more comfortable traveling to my home state to get an abortion than I do trying to get one here. The essay concludes:  I hope to give the American public a concrete example that the conservative right in America doesn t actually care about the life of a child, they care about controlling the lives and choices of women. We have to acknowledge this and we have to stop it. The Mail could not immediately verify the validity of the site or the facts stated.Via:Daily Mail ",0
21597,"NOT HILLARY’S TURN: LIB PUBLICATIONS ARE SAYING HILLARY WILL LOSE TO OLD WHITE SOCIALIST, BERNIE SANDERS IN PRIMARY","But wait  the  first female president oh never mind, the Democrat party s gonna go with  diversity  and pick the old white guy. Because in the end, the Democrats don t really give a hoot about  diversity it all comes down to voting for freebies.According to PBS, Bernie Sanders is  gaining against Clinton in early polls.  Salon s Bill Curry believes  Hillary Clinton is going lose,  primarily because millions of voters longing for a truly progressive candidate will nominate Sanders. POLITICO explained recently that Early-state polls hint at a Bernie Sanders surge, a headline that was unthinkable only several months earlier. Yahoo s Meredith Shiner calls Sanders a  progressive social media star and pragmatic legislator  and states that  Sanders also has a much more substantial legislative history  than any GOP challenger. In Iowa, 1,100 people packed a gym to hear Bernie Sanders speak in May.In contrast, Team Hillary had an intimate business roundtable discussion with five  ordinary  Iowans. The only problem was that according to The Washington Post,  All five were selected to attend her events.  In fact, Clinton s  staged roundtables  were attended by a total of 13 Iowans, picked by either the campaign or the host.Therefore, a paradigm shift has taken place. Many Iowans drove 50 miles to hear Sanders speak in Des Moines, primarily because Bernie Sanders has surpassed Clinton as the ideal choice for Democratic nominee. Regarding electability, Sanders has also surpassed Clinton as the realistic choice for Democratic nominee in the minds of many voters, because as one Salon piece illustrates, Hillary  just doesn t get it. When it comes to everything from immigration to climate change and economic issues (most Americans side with Democrats, according to Pew research and other data) some writers believe that Democrats  can nominate a ham sandwich and win the presidency.  Although once thought of as an impossibility, a closer look at the electoral map shows why Bernie Sanders could realistically defeat any GOP challenger. If voters around the country still care about middle class economics, the federal budget, trade and other hot button issues in 2016, Sanders has a legitimate chance to win. Also, since Sanders isn t tied to Obama fatigue like Hillary Clinton, it s quite possible the Vermont Senator re-energizes an America that just recently decided the Confederate flag doesn t represent its value system.According to a POLITICO piece titled The 2016 Results We Can Already Predict,  Assuming the lean, likely, and safe Democratic states remain loyal to the party, the nominee need only win 23 of the 85 toss-up electoral votes.  Therefore, there s no need to jettison cherished values for the sake of pragmatism; those days are over. Senator Bernie Sanders, known in Washington and throughout the nation as an advocate for middle class Americans, veterans, the environment, and other cherished causes can win crucial electoral votes just as easily as Hillary Clinton.Finally, perhaps the biggest reason Sanders is surging is because he s a genuine person with real beliefs, while others become chameleons when votes and public image are at stake. It s important to note that Hillary Clinton just recently  evolved  on gay marriage and in 2004, Clinton s speech (forward to 0:22 on the Slate video or read the transcript of her passionate defense of marriage between only a man and woman) highlighted her views on the  sacred bond  of marriage:Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY):  I believe marriage is a sacred bond between a man and a woman .a fundamental bedrock principle that it exists between a man and woman, going back into the midst of history, as one of the founding, foundational institutions of history and humanity and civilization. And that it s primary principle role during those milennia has been the raising and socializing of children for the society into which they are to become adults.  According to The Atlantic, Clinton s stance remained unchanged for years, and  she also opposed gay marriage as recently as 2013, long after a majority of Americans already held a more gay-friendly position. In terms of identity, Hillary Clinton might be a liberal according to fivethirtyeight.com, yet their analysis gives her a free pass on war, gay marriage, and other issues liberals had championed before they were popular. Adhering to polls is fine, but the words  poll driven,  not  progressive,  come to mind for someone with this type of persona. If one s views on war and foreign policy are enough for The New York Times to publish an article titled Are neocons getting ready to ally with Hillary Clinton?, then Bernie Sanders becomes an even better candidate for people opposed to never-ending American counterinsurgency wars. Clinton might say she was duped by faulty intelligence, but Bernie Sanders had enough intelligence and wisdom to vote against the Iraq war back in 2003.Via: Huffington Post",0
21598,FLORIDA CAR DEALER THREATENED WITH FINES FOR DISPLAYING AMERICAN FLAGS [Video],"It doesn t get much more anti-American than forcing the removal of American flags from an American owned business A Florida car dealership is facing fines for displaying its patriotism.The Kia dealership in West Palm Beach faces penalties of up to $1,000 per day for a code-enforcement violation it received from Palm Beach County for displaying six American flags on its property, WPTV reported.The county said the dealership is violating a that prohibits the display of pennants, balloons, banners and other signs made of lightweight fabric, plastic or similar substances. We re just trying to show our patriotism,  dealership general manager Mike Wangle told WPTV.The notice said the dealership must remove the flags by the Fourth of July or the fine will be imposed. You would think they they would let us leave it up during the Fourth and then say,  take them down after the holiday,  Wangle said.He told WPTV he understands the code, but doesn t understand why the flags don t fall under the flags category.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|1000011|SPS'); // ]]> I don t have a problem taking the banners down if we had banners saying  we re open , or a  big sale.  Those are banners,  he said.  But when you re displaying the American flag, that s a little different. That s why we re kind of upset about it. He added that he will keep the banners flying until July 5 to display patriotism on Independence Day, even if he has to pay the fine himself.Via: Biz Pac Review // ]]>",0
21599,AND SO IT BEGINS…INSPIRED BY GAY MARRIAGE RULING…Polygamists Apply For Marriage License,"Well, that didn t take long. Look for the first beastiality marriage license request in 5 4 3 2 1 Nathan Collier said he was inspired by the recent Supreme Court decision that made marriage equal. He said he was particularly struck by the words of dissenting Chief Justice John Roberts who claimed giving gay couples the right to marry, might inspire polygamy.And so this week, Mr Collier and his two wives, Victoria and Christine, entered a courthouse in Billings, Montana, and sought an application to legalise the trio s polygamous union, Right now we re waiting for an answer,  Mr Collier told The Independent.  I have two wives because I love two women and I want my second wife to have the same legal rights and protection as my first. He added:  Most people are not us. I am not trying to define what marriage means for anybody else   I am trying to define what marriage means for us. The practice of bigamy   holding multiple marriage licences   is outlawed in all 50 of the US states, Montana among them. But Mr Collier said he planned to sue if his application was denied.Mr Collier said he was former Mormon who had been excommunicated for polygamy and now owned a refrigeration business in Billings.He married his first wife, Victoria, 40, in 2000. The 46-year-old, who appeared in the reality TV show Sister Wives, held a religious ceremony to marry second wife, Christine, in 2007 but did not sign a marriage license to avoid bigamy charges.His first wife, Victoria, said that she and her husband s second wife got along  like sisters .Via: Independent UK",0
21600,OOPS…CDC EMPLOYEES SICK OF DEALING WITH INFLUX OF ILLEGAL MINORS SENDS EMAIL ABOUT OBAMA: “the worst prez we have ever had…a marxist”,"I guess we re not the only ones who are 100% FED UP with our marxist president Following the influx of illegal immigrant minors from Central America, an official at the federal agency charged with protecting public health describes Barack Obama as  the worst pres we have ever had,  an  amateur  and  Marxist,  according to internal emails obtained by Judicial Watch.JW got the records as part of an investigation into the Center for Disease Control s (CDC) activation of an Emergency Operations Center (EOC) to deal with the barrage of illegal alien minors last summer. Tens of thousands of Central Americans came into the United States through the Mexican border and contagious diseases many considered to be eradicated in the U.S. became a tremendous concern. The CDC, which operates under the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), responded by opening an emergency facility designed to monitor and coordinate response activities to eminent public health threats. This special emergency division was created after the 2001 terrorist attacks and has responded to more than 50 public health threats, including hurricanes, food borne disease outbreaks, the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic and the Haiti cholera outbreak. Scientists from across the CDC are brought together to analyze, validate, and efficiently exchange information during a public health emergency and connect with response partners. The EOC also coordinates the deployment of CDC staff and the procurement and management of all equipment and supplies that agency responders may need during their deployment.[ ]It s a major and costly operation that can stick American taxpayers with a huge tab. That s why JW launched a probe when the Obama administration took in the illegal immigrants, initially coined Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC), with open arms last summer. JW has sued the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for planning records involving the border crisis as well as information relating to the solicitation of  on-demand escort services  for the 65,000 UACs that remain in the U.S. Last year JW also reported that the illegal immigrant minors have brought in serious diseases, including swine flu, dengue fever, possibly Ebola virus and tuberculosis.The CDC records obtained by JW this week include email exchanges between agency officials directly involved in the activation of the EOC to handle the health threats created by the influx of illegal alien minors last summer. In an email dated June 9, 2014, CDC Logistics Management Specialist George Roark wrote to CDC Public Health Advisor William Adams that  no country in the world would allow  the influx. Adams replies that  in ten years or less, they ll all be voting Commander s intent  Roark fires back by describing Obama as  the worst pres we have ever had he truly is  the amateur  but a Marxist too. Via: Judicial Watch",0
21601,"GAY VOTERS AND #BlackLivesMatter TO OBAMA, But Kids With Cancer…Not So Much","There s no need for Barack Obama and Valerie Jarrett to make a statement about finding a cure for pediatric cancer, which receives 4 percent of The National Cancer Institute s $4.6 billion budget. There s no need because working together to help fund a cure for cancer doesn t divide a nation, and we all know kids can t vote Picture is from Rockstar Ronan, a website dedicated to lighting the White House gold!Quite some time ago, a petition was circulated to  Light the White House Gold.  The ask was simple: Come September 1, or the beginning of Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, put some gold lightbulbs in the spotlights out front of the White House and tell the childhood cancer community and all the kids fighting and dying of cancer that they matter.The president, through Paulette Aniskoff, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Public Engagement, dropped the news that there would be no gold lights. There was a recycled proclamation, though, so maybe we should be happy for this small token. Of course, most of you will recall that last year on October 1, a giant pink ribbon and pink lightbulbs were festooned quickly on the White House. Should the White House go  pink  again in a month, it will be a significant slap in the face to the childhood cancer community. Yet another gesture of inequality for our kids.Cancer remains the number one disease killer of children. Cancer kills more kids in this country than AIDS, cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy combined. So, when the long awaited response came from the president, you can understand why it was quite disappointing.Cancer kills more than 2,500 children in our country every year. Over 13,500 kids will be diagnosed with cancer in the next 365 days. Though these numbers are significant, the potential market is too small to attract the attention of private industry. This makes the role of the taxpayer-funded National Cancer Institute (NCI) especially critical yet approximately 4% percent of its annual budget is dedicated to childhood cancer. The result is that children are dying every day waiting for promising new treatments that lack funding. This puts an extra burden on families with a child battling cancer.Of course, lighting the White House gold would not cure any children or provide additional research funding. But that is not the point. I would gladly choose additional funding in the federal budget over a handful of gold lightbulbs. Again, that is not the point. Childhood cancer advocates fight so hard for every ounce of awareness in an effort to translate it into additional funding. What better symbol to raise the ultimate amount of awareness than the most powerful residence on the face of the earth? At the present time, a paltry 4 percent of the total National Cancer Institute Budget (NCI) is dedicated to all forms of childhood cancer. Thank you, Harold Varmus, M.D. That brings me back to the small little ask that apparently is only reserved for the ubiquitous pink ribbon.What is the message here to the childhood cancer community? Kids with cancer do not matter as much as breast cancer? If kids with cancer do not merit more than 4 percent of the federal research budget, and childhood cancer is not important enough to garner the simple gesture of a handful of gold lightbulbs, then what is our position? I wish I had the answer to that question. I hope that it does not mean that children with cancer do not merit the same simple gestures and considerations as breast cancer. It certainly appears that way though.According to the news of Take Part, White House led the celebration by lighting up rainbow-colored lights. President Obama cited a statement which was quoted by takepart.com. He said,  When all Americans are treated as equal, we were all more free, this ruling is a victory for America.  President Obama had long been supporting marriage equality since 2012.Niagara Falls was one of the several US landmarks that lip up rainbow-colored lights for supporting same-sex marriage.Cinderella Castle in Disney World also took part of the celebration. According to Take Part, in Florida, same-sex marriage was illegal but on Friday, people and the Disney World partied as they have heard the decision, the Cinderella Castle became more enchanting with its rainbow-colored lights as they celebrated marriage equality.The St. Louis Civil Courts Building also lit up with flying rainbow colors. Alderman Shane Cohn spent $15,000 in capital for the improvement funds of the rainbow lights in the Civil Courts Building in St. Louis. Several downtown buildings as well lit up rainbow-colored lights as a sign of support for the gay rights and St. Louis  PrideFest. accrding to the report of stltoday.com, St. Louis recently was called the  gayest cities in America. Other famous landmarks which supported the same-sex marriage and brighten up with rainbow colors were Terminal Tower in Cleveland, The Empire State Building (In September 2014, the Empire State Building received national backlash for their decision not to go gold for Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.)Penn Station in New York City, The Seattle Great Wheel, The Alamo in San Antonio, in San Francisco, three of their monuments have participated, including: San Francisco City Hall, San Francisco International Airport and Grace Cathedral, the Playhouse Square in Cleveland, The Davis Building in Dallas, The U.S. Grant Hotel in San Diego also participated in the celebration.Ultimately, a handful of lightbulbs and a giant gold ribbon will not find better treatments or cures for the difficult cancers that kill so many children. It will not force Harold Varmus, M.D., to change his funding allocations. And, it may not cause more people to donate money toward childhood cancer research. All may be true. What that handful of lightbulbs and fabric may do is provide an additional measure of hope. And never should we forget that hope is a dangerous commodity, especially to a community that sometimes finds itself without any. Thanks for nothing, Mr. President.  Via: Huffington Post A Day Of Yellow And Gold To Fight Childhood Cancer  Facebook page.",0
21602,(VIDEO) YOU’LL BE PROUD! ONE VETERAN REMAINED AFTER FLAG BURNING EVENT IN NYC TO TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS,Be proud! One U.S. Army Veteran remained after the smoke cleared at the flag burning event in Brooklyn on Wednesday night. Mark Brummitt vowed to stay until the very end to ensure  that at the end of the night there is a flag left standing.  ,0
21603,OUTRAGE OVER BARE CHESTED GAYS COMPARING GAY MARRIAGE VICTORY TO MARINES IWO JIMA FLAG RAISING,"Because according to the left, the brave men who gave their lives for our nation are apparently the equivalent of a battle to make the perversion of marriage legal A gay rights inspired adaptation of the famous image of Marines raising the flag over Iwo Jima in 1945 is sparking outrage following the recent Supreme Court decision legalizing gay marriage nation-wide.The image   of four muscular, skin-baring men raising the rainbow flag posed like the Marines at Iwo Jima   was taken some ten years ago and appeared on a gay magazine, but was recirculated last week following the Supreme Court decision.And dont compare gay marriage to the Marines who fought and died in Iwo Jima. The two events are not comparable pic.twitter.com/rqwtR2eoHh  Paulie Walnuts (@PAULme_maybe69) July 1, 2015Replacing the soldiers on Iwo Jima standing up the American flag with the gay pride flag is disrespectful  Mitchell Moyers (@m_moyers8) July 1, 2015They really recreated the Iwo Jima flag with the gay flag. Just stop  Evan Moriyama (@AsMoriyama) July 1, 20156821 people died in Iwo Jima,over 19,000 wounded.Apparently that ain t nothi compared to gay people s struggle huh  AmericanMuscle (@MrFakeDope) July 1, 2015#gay #TCOT this is offensive how dare you besmirch Marines at Iwo Jima who gave their lives so there is a supreme ct pic.twitter.com/ARRqXwJC0u  Rosebud (@Murba1515) June 30, 2015The Washington Post highlighted the outcry Wednesday, recalling the bloody operation that spurred to the first iconic photo taken on February 23, 1945 by Associated Press photographer Joe Rosenthal. Three of the Marines pictured were killed in combat, among the nearly 7,000 other Americans who died on Iwo Jima. Another 20,000 American troops were wounded.The photographer of the gay rights image, Ed Freeman, The Post reports, has received hate mail, backlash on social media, and at least one death threat since the image went viral. He said if he ever saw me, he d kill me,  Freeman told The Post.  I got swamped with vitriolic hate mail. Freeman received disapproving responses to his when he posted on Facebook that Friday,  When I took this picture almost ten years ago, it never, never occurred to me that it would someday come to symbolize the victory we are celebrating today. Congratulations to all of us! Love to you all. Freeman told The Post that he did not intend for the image to be disrespectful and chalked the outrage up to people s frustration with the Supreme Court decision. The principle complaint that people have is that I am equating the gay struggle with the contribution and sacrifice of American servicemen,  Freeman said.  But there is no equal sign here. This is not meant as a sign of disrespect. For God sake, no. I totally support people in uniform. There is no comparison going on here. The comparison is going on in people s heads, and they re spoiling for a fight. They re already on edge because of the gay marriage decision. Via: Breitbart News",0
21604,MACY’S CELEBRATES AMERICA’S INDEPENDENCE BY PUTTING ILLEGAL ALIENS FIRST,"Americans need to put American citizens first and dump Macy s. Macy s has a Customer Service Department phone number that should be ringing off the hook with Americans who love their country and are sick and tired of the left bullying us into submission. Tell them it s time to put American citizens first and you appreciate Donald Trump standing up for LEGAL immigration: 1 (800) 289-6229  I ll be canceling my Macy s credit card today. Macy s just lost its  Magic #MakeAmericaGreatAgain .Dump Macy s!Real-estate mogul and GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump called for a boycott of Macy s on Wednesday after the retail company said it would drop Trump s products. Earlier in the day, Macy s said it was snubbing Trump because of the  disparaging characterizations  he made about Mexican immigrants during his campaign launch. Among other things, Trump accused Mexico of sending its  rapists  and drug dealers to the US.In addition to blasting Macy s in an official statement, Trump attacked Macy s in a series of tweets for being  weak on border security : Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration & SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2015For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security & stopping illegal immigration.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2015Macy s is only the latest in a string of businesses that have cut ties with Trump in the past week. NBC, Univision, and the Mexican media company Televisa all recently announced they would not show Trump s Miss Universe Organization beauty pageants because of his comments about immigrants. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best; they re not sending you,  Trump said in his June announcement speech, according to a transcript.  They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. Trump, who said he was criticizing the Mexican government and not its people, has aggressively responded to the companies that are ending their relationships with him. He said he was suing Univision for $500 million. He denounced NBC as  weak.  And he insisted that he was the one cutting ties with Macy s   not the other way around.He also argued that the Macy s snub proved how difficult it was for billionaires like him to seek political office. I have always said that if you are successful, it is very hard to run for office, especially the office of president,  he said in his Wednesday statement.  I have also continually stated that I am not beholden to anyone, and this includes NBC and Macy s. Clearly, NBC and Macy s support illegal immigration. Trump products at Macy s include $70 dress shirts, $65 ties, and a fragrance called  Success. Via: Business Insider ",0
21605,DOJ CONTINUES OBSESSION WITH DISCREDITING FERGUSON POLICE With This Ridiculous New Report,"No word on when Soros will be put on trial for paying protestors to riot or when Al Sharpton will be charged with inciting the riots with his inflammatory racist rhetoric (All comments in italics are opinions of 100% FED Up!)According to a report  from the U.S. Department of Justice, police responding to race-related protests and riots in Ferguson, Missouri, last summer made a series of missteps, including antagonizing crowds with attack dogs and military-style tactics.Yeah..because the people inciting riots, burning down businesses and threatening anyone who dared to drive through Ferguson are probably pretty credible witnesses when it comes to  missteps  by the Ferguson Police Department. The report, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters, is a draft summary of a document the DOJ plans to release in the coming weeks evaluating law enforcement actions. A Justice Department spokesperson said the  after-action assessment   will convey the findings and lessons learned. The report focuses on the tactics of police from Ferguson, St. Louis, St. Louis County, and the Missouri Highway Patrol. All four agencies tried to quell the protests and riots that broke out after a white Ferguson police officer shot and killed Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, on Aug. 9, 2014. We are always willing to engage in constructive dialogue about best practices,  the St. Louis department said in a statement.  We are interested in the final report to identify what we did well and what we may need to improve upon. How improving number of arrests made for arsonists/rioters who burn down businesses to make a statement? The Justice Department draft report, which covers actions over the 17 days following the shooting, found that police lacked effective protocols, were not adequately trained, struggled with communication and coordination, and made mistakes that sometimes heightened tensions.The use of dogs for crowd control during the Ferguson protests incited fear and anger in the crowd, according to the report, while the use of teargas on people without warning was also a problem.In addition, police were inconsistent in using force and making arrests, and some officers removed their nameplates to evade accountability for their actions, the Justice Department said.The report also criticized police for positioning snipers atop armored vehicles to monitor the crowd through rifle sights, saying the tactic  served only to exacerbate tensions. Yeah because why would the cops in Ferguson be concerned about their own safety when clowns like this are openly walking around advocating for violence against Officer Wilson?It found that law enforcement agencies set a negative tone with the media by initially offering limited public information about Brown s shooting. The report also said police inhibited protesters constitutional right to free speech.In all, the report lists 45 findings along with recommendations for improvements.Via: Reuters",0
21606,COINCIDENCE? CHOBANI SCORES MAJOR CONTRACT WITH MOOCH’S GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM After Airing Naked Lesbian TV Ad To 3% Of Population [VIDEO],"Are there any coincidences in the quid pro quo world of Obama s Chicago style politics?  Here s the link story we posted about Chobani and their naked lesbian ad. The video of their ad can be seen below:New York yogurt manufacturer Chobani just landed a massive U.S. Department of Agriculture contract for school lunches after years of lobbying lawmakers and President Obama on its products.The upstate-New York Greek yogurt maker will be distributing its products to schools nationwide next year as a USDA-approved meat substitute for school lunches, capping off a pilot program in a dozen states made possible by extensive lobbying efforts.Chobani Greek Yogurt first gained approval by the USDA for school lunches in 2013 as part of a pilot program after U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer and other New York lawmakers pressured USDA officials to include it in a pilot program for four states. The USDA s typically years-long approval process for new products was miraculously slashed to only about 8 months for Chobani.That pilot program was expanded last year to a dozen states after reportedly positive feedback from students, Syracuse.com reports. After at least three calls from the persistent senator, (U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom) Vilsack helped arranged a Sept. 20, 2012 meeting in Schumer s Capitol Hill office with Kevin Concannon, the key official for food, nutrition and consumer services,  the New York Daily News reports.Chobani owner Hamdi Ulukaya was also named by President Obama as a  Presidential Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship,  which included a  closed-press  meeting with the president at the White House, according to the Daily Sabah.The special treatment was undoubtedly the result of Ulukaya s savvy political sense.According to a Green Monsters! blog about the original pilot program:  Chobani has made a significant financial investment to be at the forefront of this new program and potentially come out as the victor. The New York-based company has already paid $80,000 to Cornerstone Government Affairs to lobby Congress on its behalf. Among its lobbyists are former agricultural department employees.The lobbying firm was also hired following New York Senator Charles Schumer s petition to the USDA asking that Greek yogurt be added school lunch program.The decision on Greek yogurt came rather quickly in just eight months although the agriculture department typically takes years to assess a new product.  The tofu industry waited a decade before an ok,  reports NY Daily News.Senator Schumer also worked with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to push the Greek yogurt pilot program through. Both senators see it as a win-win for the children and the diary industry.The financial benefit has the potential to be quite considerable for New York in particular. Five years ago, the New York dairy industry was producing barely any revenue. Now it generates almost 40 percent of the $6.5 billion in U.S. yogurt sales annually. Businessweek magazine has even called upstate New York  the Silicon Valley of yogurt. So, after a couple of years of lobbying and a pilot test program, Chobani   the top selling Greek yogurt brand in the U.S.   landed a contract for schools in all 50 states in April. The initial contract is worth $148,019 for the first two months of the 2015-16 school year, Syracuse.com reports.The government will then seek quarterly bids for the remainder of the school year.Chobani s fast-track to school cafeterias across the U.S.   with a contract awarded faster than other companies have even gained approval for their products   raises the same question Green Mosters! blogger Kristina Pepelko first raised in 2013: is the National School Lunch Program and the tightened restrictions on school food truly designed to produce healthier students, or are special interest lobbyists driving menu recommendations from Washington, D.C.?Chobani s senior director of nutrition and regulatory affairs, Robert Post, obviously wants the public to believe it s the former. This is an important step that Chobani is taking in its continued mission to bring nutritious, delicious and natural food to all people of all ages,  he said in a statement. Allowing children to have healthy and delicious options for their lunch tray ingredients is one of the most important things Chobani can do as a company, and we decided to offer out products at significantly reduced prices as we want to extend our mission beyond our cups and into the communities we live in,  Post said.Chobani officials have not disclosed the  significantly reduced prices  for their products, or the potential value of the new government contract, Syracuse.com reports.Via: EAG News",0
21607,[VIDEO] TWO STREET PREACHERS SEVERELY BEATEN BY TOLERANT GAYS AT SEATTLE GAY PRIDE PARADE,"Gay pride? Tolerance is a one-way street for those on the left Two street preachers were brutally beaten   punched and kicked   by a crowd at a gay pride festival in Seattle and the entire melee was captured on video.The preachers were holding signs reading  Repent or Else  and  Jesus Saves From Sin.  The video shows a group of people initially screaming and threatening the men during Pridefest at the Seattle Space Needle.Television station KOMO reported that some of the attackers belonged to a group called NOH8A group of women tried to steal their signs but were unsuccessful. The video then shows a group of men grabbing onto one of the preacher s signs and dragging him to the ground. At some point he was punched in the back of the head a number of times while others can be seen kicking the man.Another preacher was sucker punched in the back of the head.Police arrested two suspects   one of whom has a long rap sheet.It s not the first time Christians have been attacked by pro-gay activists.Last August a gunman opened fire inside the headquarters of the Family Research Council in Washington, D.C. Floyd Lee Corkins, Jr. pled guilty to committing an act of terrorism on the pro-family organization.Corkins shot FRC security guard Leo Johnson   and intended to shoot others   but Johnson was able to disarm the man.Last year a group called  Angry Queers  caused thousands of dollars in damage to the Portland, Ore. campus of Mars Hill Church. The vandals hurled stones through stain glass windows, LifeSiteNews reported.The  Angry Queers  sent an e-mail to television station KOIN defending their criminal acts because  Mars Hill is notoriously anti-gay and anti-woman. The vandals sent an e-mail to local television station KOIN-TV stating they took the action, because  Mars Hill is notoriously anti-gay and anti-woman. And when the new campus of the church opened gay rights protestors shouted profanities at children calling them  homophobes  and telling the boys and girls they were  going to burn in Hell. Via: Todd Starnes   FOX News ",0
21608,BREAKING: OBAMA’S RACE WAR PART II…BRAWL BREAKS OUT IN FRONT OF SC STATEHOUSE OVER CONFEDERATE FLAG,"A defender of the Confederate flag who says the flag is NOT about race says: I m gonna tell you one thing, I ain t sitting down; this ll just make me walk taller. One man has been arrested after a fight over the Confederate flag in front of the South Carolina Statehouse.The brawl started about 7:15 p.m. Monday when about a dozen vehicles with Confederate flag supporters pulled up in front of the Statehouse and stopped in the middle of the street, Public Safety Department spokeswoman Sherri Iacobelli said in a statement. About 10 of the flag supporters clashed with about 30 people who were on the Statehouse grounds protesting the flag, the statement said. The blood on my face, the blood in my teeth, the blood on my hands is no comparison to the Southern blood that runs through my veins,  Joe Linder told CBS News.Linder, who was hit during the fight, supports the Confederate flag and says  racism has no part  in it. I m gonna tell you one thing, I ain t sitting down; this ll just make me walk taller,  he told CBS News.About 50 officers responded and contained the clash, including officers from the Bureau of Protective Services assigned to the Statehouse, as well as Columbia police, University of South Carolina officers and the South Carolina Highway Patrol. Two blocks of the street in front of the Statehouse was closed for a brief time during the disturbance. Sydney Baldwin told CBS News the fight began when someone took his flag.  I jumped out of my truck,  Baldwin said.  That was all I did, was grab my flag and I got hit in the side.  Nicholas Thompson, 25, of Irmo, South Carolina, has been charged with disorderly conduct. It wasn t clear if he has an attorney. The Confederate flag has been a focus of protests since the fatal shooting of nine people at a historic black church in Charleston on June 17. Public Safety Director Leroy Smith told reporters it was unfortunate that Columbia had a fight when there have been no problems reported in Charleston, where the shooting occurred. The suspect in the Charleston shooting, Dylann Storm Roof, appears in a number of photographs online with the Confederate flag, prompting calls for removal of the flag from in front of the Statehouse. South Carolina lawmakers are expected next week to consider proposals to take the flag down and move it to a museum. The flag has flown at the Statehouse since the 1960s. It was removed from the Statehouse dome and placed at a Confederate Soldier Monument in front of the Statehouse in 2000.Via: Atlanta CBS Local",0
21609,HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER SEEKS HELP FROM UNION AFTER BEING FIRED FOR STOMPING ON AMERICAN FLAG IN CLASS [Video],"This is just another example of the rampant indoctrination of our children by the anti-American left God bless these local veterans who came forward in defense of our American flag:A teacher who allegedly stomped on the American flag during a high school lesson on free speech has been fired.The Martinsville School District board has unanimously voted 6-0 to fire English teacher Jordan Parmenter, WGLT reports.The teacher incensed students after he stepped on the flag during a May lesson on free speech at Martinsville Junior-Senior High School.According to a student in the class, Parmenter was using a small American flag as a pointer for a chart and when the student said it was  disrespectful,  the teacher  said he then made what he says was the rash decision of dropping the flag to the floor and stepping on it to illustrate an example of free speech as part of the lesson that day,  according to the Journal Gazette. We can t figure out why he actually went to the simulations of actually doing it,  Jonathon Smith, a senior at the school, was quoted as saying by TristateHomePage.com last month. He talked about it being the right to do whatever he wants. That s why it was there so he could do whatever he wants, but we have no idea why he would actually take it down and basically start all this. Several residents reportedly protested outside the school after the incident to bring attention to it, walking a flag back and forth in front of the building. It s just disgraceful,  protester Clifford Clouser, a U.S. Navy veteran, told WTHI-TV while fighting back tears.  There s just so much history in that flag   some good, some bad   but it s still our flag. Protester Nicholas Gibson, a veteran of the U.S. Marines, told the TV station,  It should have never happened. I m very proud of these kids that have stood up for what they believe in. Parmenter wrote a letter of apology to the school board, but it wasn t enough to save his job.The teacher wouldn t speak to the media following his termination, except to say he plans to speak with his union representative, according to Fox 2.Via: EAG News",0
21610,PARENT FURIOUS AFTER 4TH GRADE CLASS JOINS HATEFUL PROTESTORS AND TEACHER IN CHANT ON CAPITOL STEPS: “[Governor] Walker Sucks!”,"The children were greeted at the Capitol steps in the communist state of Wisconsin by protestors singing hate songs with signs that read: Republicans and Walker rape or molest women and girls.APPLETON, Wis.   I don t frequent the Capitol building in Madison so I just assumed the  Capitol Singers,  a group protesting Governor Scott Walker in song had faded away.I learned recently however that they are, as a line censored out of the sitcom  Last Man Standing  said of the Clintons,  They re like shingles; just when you think they are gone, they pop back up. I received an email recently from a listener to my radio show who chaperoned a field trip his daughter s 4th grade class at Horizons Elementary School in Appleton took to the State Capitol in late May. The story he shared was simply stunning:Everyone on the field trip to the capitol was eating lunch on the capitol steps. At the same time there was a group of people protesting Walker and Act 10 singing hate songs and holding up signs saying that Republicans and Walker rape or molest women and girls.Another parent pointed out to me that my daughter s teacher was down there singing with them. I thought that I needed to find out what was actually being sung down there because a bunch of students were down there listening and recording on their cell phones what was happening. That is when I realized that they were singing terrible hate songs against Walker and what the signs said.By the way, her teacher was holding a piece of paper with the words they were singing on it. When the kids were on their way back up they started chanting  Walker sucks  and some other mean things. That s when I stopped them and asked why they were doing that and they didn t know what to say. I asked three times and one of the boys spoke up and said that Mr. Niquette was just doing it also. That is my daughter s teacher.Feeling it inappropriate to confront the teacher in front of children, the parent contacted the school to see if such behavior violated school policy. He ended up in an email exchange with the teacher, Scott Niquette:Scott, my issue is you going down there and singing with those people on the field trip.Did you see the signs they were holding? I m guessing that you saw the words you were reading off the sheet you were holding. Do you understand what the children were doing after they saw you down there singing? Scott there is video of you singing that hate Walker song.When the kids were walking back up the hill they were chanting hate speech toward Walker until I stopped them and asked them why. The answer was obvious. Someone with influence in their lives was doing the same thing. You have influence on these children and they trust that you will lead them. For crying out loud Scott those signs were way inappropriate. Talking about molesting children and raping women.In a show of Olympian chutzpah, Niquette pleaded ignorance in his response:With respect to the Capitol Singers, I joined them during my lunch break simply because I enjoy singing. I am currently an active member in our church s choir  I honestly did not see or notice any signs regarding molesting children or raping women when I entered the circle of singers. If I had, I can assure you that a most certainly would have immediately left. Again, I joined them simply because I enjoy singing. With respect to my teaching, I also take that very seriously and take great offense to accusations that I do not  You have visited my classroom on numerous occasions and sat in on a few lessons. What did you see and hear I stick to the objectives and leave the politics out.He couldn t resist joining a group of Scott Walker haters in public but we re supposed to trust he keeps politics out of the classroom? He didn t see what the signs said? He was unclear of the lyrics he was singing off a sheet?I reached out to Horizons principal Karen Brice. Initially she told me she hadn t heard of the incident and frankly found it hard to believe. But she told me she would look into it. A few days later she called me back, saying only that school officials were investigating to determine whether district policy had been violated.Then there is this classic line from Niquette in his email response to the parent:In retrospect, however, I do think I will save singing with the Capitol Singers for a time when I am at the capitol of my own accord to better reduce any opportunities of misunderstanding.Via: EAG News",0
21611,MILWAUKEE ART MUSEUM TO DISPLAY THIS HUGE PORTRAIT OF POPE FRANCIS MADE OF CONDOMS,"No threats of beheadings have been made yet  oh wait those types of threats only come from the  religion of peace  There won t be any criticisms of this piece of  art  created  specifically to mock the belief that Catholics hold about contraception by the mainstream media. No one will accuse this  artist  of asking for trouble or inciting hate or violence. Catholics will just be expected to suck it up and deal with it after all, it s just  art  and unlike Pamela Gellar, her freedom of speech and expression rights are protected under our Constitution.Milwaukee Art Museum is getting complaints from the Milwaukee archbishop, members of the public, and even some of its donors over its plans to display a huge portrait of Pope emeritus Benedict XVI. This piece is made out of 17,000 nonlubricated condoms,  artist Niki Johnson recently told WITI television in Milwaukee.  What I did was inter-stuffed them and folded them in order to create this tonal range. The portrait, titled  Eggs Benedict,  measures almost seven feet high and five feet wide, and it can be viewed from both the front and the back:  When you come to the back, you see the condoms themselves,  Johnson noted.Johnson told the WITI she decided to make the latex mosaic after Pope Benedict s visit to Africa in 2009. Benedict said condoms would not resolve the AIDS epidemic:  On the contrary, it increases the problem,  he said at the time. And I was just dumbfounded,  Johnson said.  I mean, I couldn t make any sense of that statement. And so I figured I needed to do something. Milwaukee Archbishop Jerome Listecki says the museum s decision to display the piece is insulting and callous, the Associated Press reported. Some patrons have dropped their membership, and at least one donor has ended financial support of the not-for-profit museum. This was never intended to be derisive, mocking or disrespectful of the pope,  the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel quoted museum Board of Trustees President Don Layden as saying.  It was to have a conversation about AIDS and AIDS education. And my hope is when the piece appears in the museum that will be the focus of the discussion. The museum announced the acquisition of the piece earlier this month. But it won t go on display until this fall because the museum s permanent collection galleries are currently closed for renovation.The $31-million renovation project is being done in partnership with Milwaukee County, which committed $10 million to repair and restore two of the museum s buildings.Membership is the primary source of revenue for the museum.Via: CNS News",0
21612,"VAN JONES AND CNN’S DON LEMON ON OBAMA’S “I’m fearless” RACIST SPEECH AT CHARLESTON PASTOR’S FUNERAL: “Once You’re Fearless, Once You Don’t Give A Damn…No One Can Stop You” [VIDEO]","Not a bad imitation of a black pastor from a guy who quit going to church when he entered the White House because according to Reverend Wright, of the Black Liberation Church where Barack and Michelle Obama attended for several years:  Church is not their thing. It never was their thing.  CNN s Don Lemon: You know, Brooke, um this is quite possibly one of the most powerful and extraordinary moments that I ve witnessed ah  on television, especially a speech coming from the President. I ve never really at a loss for words, and I m almost  at a loss for words right now. I mean, Van and I couldn t even look at each other.Van Jones (racist and self proclaimed communist): Yeah Because this is what happens in the black church every single morning.DL: Not only that, this is what many people around the country wanted to hear from this president, for a long, long time. It s time to step into your legacy.Van Jones: It really is. This is a different President, this year, I think has transformed him. I think a year ago Ferguson, then Baltimore, now Charleston.  I think you re seeing the 3.0 version. When he first came on the scene, he was trying to talk about race, even his book was about race. He was trying DL: But he was getting hit.VJ: He kept getting hit. He became a politician. Yeah..he became the racial pi ata of the blacks saying he wasn t doing enough, the whites saying he was doing too much. Suddenly in this speech he just decides to give over to the cadences.DL: He said it in the podcast man. He said:  I am fearless.  And you know, once you re fearless, and once you don t give a damn no one can stop you. And I think the President is in that mode now. He knows this is his legacy.Obama was supposed to be delivering a eulogy for Pastor Clementa Pinckney, but instead he chose to turn it into another one of his divisive racist rants. Oh and by the way once the left has removed every trace of the Confederate flag, he s coming after your guns. Then, and only then will his legacy be complete. Molon Labe https://youtu.be/FWVq1WnICqYAnd for anyone who is interested in hearing the most off-key version of Amazing Grace sung by a muslim, you can see it here:https://youtu.be/WmRAxJIa0u8Not bad for a guy who quit going to church when he entered the White House because according to Reverend Wright, of the Black Liberation Church where Barack and Michelle Obama attended for several years: Church is not their thing. It never was their thing. ",0
21613,NO PASSPORT NECESSARY: Tunnels Made By Drug Cartels Along Obama’s Open Borders Make It Easy For ISIS To Enter US [VIDEO],"Mexicans have been given a green light by Obama and his regime to enter our country. Why shouldn t the drug cartels capitalize on their expansive underground highways?  Thanks to Obama s open borders and lenient policy on illegal aliens, it wouldn t make much sense for   members of ISIS to bother with a passport or Visa Our southern border is long and U.S. border patrol agents work to fight illegal activity like illegal immigration, drugs and now according to an FBI consultant, the border could be an attractive region for ISIS thanks in part to powerful drug lords. Drug dealers have found a way to move money without it being followed,  said Tyrone Powers, Former FBI Agent.  They found a way to move people in and out and they found a way to move product. That product powers refers to is tons and tons of meth, heroin and pot transferred through a labyrinth of tunnels from Mexico.Drugs that are headed for the streets of the U.S.But these tunnels could easily be an underground highway for ISIS to spawn its brutality here.Sioux City   KMEG 14, FOX 44, News, Weather, Sports The stronger they get over there, the more power they have so I can definitely see, in the future, collaboration between terrorist groups and drug dealers to our south,  said Senator Lindsey Graham, South Carolina, 2016 Presidential Candidate It s individuals they bring into this country, maybe at some point, suicide bombers which is really scary and then weapons of mass destruction,  said Powers.Terrorist experts say the epidemic of unstable leadership in Mexico, combined with ruthless drug cartels creates a vacuum. What s been going on in Mexico creates an opportunity for any organization to try to take advantage of it, whether it s ISIS or Al Shabbab,  said Brandon Behlendorf, Terrorist Targeting Strategist.Two major drug cartels that could attract ISIS cover a lot of land in Mexico. Both skirt the U.S. border.The Sinalos Federation takes up western Mexico and borders Texas to California.Los Zetas occupies eastern Mexico and hugs the southern Texas border.Experts say Al Qaeda already tried linking up with drug lords in Mexico roughly 15 years ago. But to no avail.But Isis is far more determined than Al Qaeda. It makes logical sense for ISIS to do this,  said powers.  But I do not think they ll be catching the intelligence agencies off guard, because this has been a persistent problem whether it was Al Qaeda or any other group. Via: Siouxland News",0
21614,TRUMP RESPONSE TO LEFTIST THREATS: “Get Off My Lawn”,"It s actually quite refreshing to see someone on the right who is unafraid to take off the gloves. His message to those who support amnesty is pretty clear and he s not backing down to political pressure from the left. Firing back at Univision for its refusal to air his Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants, the outspoken mogul and GOP presidential candidate has barred anyone who works for Univision from the greens of his Miami golf course.In a letter Friday to Randy Falco, Trump advised the Univision CEO that  under no circumstances is any officer or representative of Univision allowed to use Trump National Doral, Miami   its golf courses or any of its facilities. Trump also demanded that Falco, whose company s Miami office is next door to Trump National Doral,  immediately stop work and close the gate which is being constructed between our respective properties.  Trump gave Falco one week to take care of that matter, or  we will close it. The letter was dispatched a day after Univision declared it was canceling its coverage of the Miss USA pageant July 12 on its UniMas network as well as the Miss Universe pageant, which had been scheduled to air on the flagship Univision channel next January, and was severing its business relationship with the Miss Universe Organization, which produces both pageants. The reason: what Univision called  insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants  recently voiced by Trump, a part owner of Miss Universe.During his presidential campaign kickoff speech last week, Trump had portrayed immigrants from Mexico as  bringing drugs, they re bringing crime, they re rapists, and some, I assume, are good people.  He also called for building a wall along the southern border of the U.S. The remarks drew condemnation from the Mexican government as  biased and absurd,  and sparked Univision s announcement.Trump, who has said his criticism was directed against U.S. policymakers, not the Mexican people or its government, stated Thursday that Univision would be defaulting on an ironclad contract if it doesn t air the pageants. He pledged to take legal action against the company.He also accused the New York-based Univision of having ties to Mexico that led the network to submit to pressure from Mexican leaders to punish him for pro-U.S. positions he expresses as a presidential candidate. They don t want me saying that Mexico is killing the United States in trade and killing the United States at the border,  Trump had said.In a P.S. to his letter, which was addressed to Univision s Manhattan headquarters, Trump continued on that track.  Please congratulate your Mexican Government officials for having made such outstanding trade deals with the United States,  he wrote Falco.  However, inform them that should I become President, those days are over. We are bringing jobs back to the U.S. Also, a meaningful border will be immediately created, not the laughingstock that currently exists. The letter was signed,  Sincerely, Donald J. Trump. When asked for comment on Trump s letter, Univision seemed to be treating it as par for the course.A memo to Univision management on Thursday directed that, as part of the company s decision to cut ties with Miss Universe, employees  should not stay at Trump properties while on company business or hold events/activities there. ",0
21615,"SAY WHAT? RACIST, GUN-TOTING FLAG STOMPER WHO CAUSED MONTH LONG MAN HUNT THREATENING: “I am a terrorist toward white people” IS RELEASED ON BOND","Remember the racist, Black Panther punk who started the #EricSheppardChallenge which involved stomping on the American flag? Yeah well, after ADMITTING he is a  terrorist to white people,  he s out on bond and living in his mother s home. Apparently, being black and threatening terrorist acts against whites doesn t hold the same water as say a white cop doing his job. Eric Sheppard was originally denied bond after he was arrested by U.S. Marshals in Tampa Bay, Florida, but his attorney appealed the decision, and a Lowndes County Magistrate Judge granted Sheppard a bond of $25,000 last week.Sheppard will be required to live with his mother in Cobb County, Georgia and will be subjected to a 7 p.m. curfew, along with several other conditions of his bond.Sheppard ignited controversy when he and several other VSU student protesters walked on an American flag on the VSU campus on April 17th.Four days later, police found what they said was a gun inside a backpack belonging to Sheppard on campus. Via: WALBSheppard s flag stomping activities on the campus of Valdosta State University were brought to light when USAF veteran Michelle Manhart attempted to stop these racist, anti-American students from stomping on our flag and was arrested by the Valdosta police:Just as an FYI: (a)(1) Whoever knowingly mutilates, defaces, physically defiles, burns, maintains on the floor or ground, or tramples upon any flag of the United States shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.April 22, 2015SHEPPARD ON THE RUN:Valdosta, GA   Tensions rise at Valdosta State University as a manhunt continues for one of its own.Eric Sheppard is accused of bringing a handgun to an anti-flag protest on the University s campus Tuesday.Arrest warrants were signed by a Lowndes County Judge charging Sheppard with bringing weapons in a school safety zone, which is a felony. Authorities say Sheppard is also being investigated by the FBI for possibly making Terroristic Threats on social media.The VSU Student became the face of the anti-flag protest, after he was seen wrestling Air Force Veteran, Michelle Manhart, for an American flag; a flag protestors had been walking on.Tuesday, as anti-flag protests continued, a backpack was found abandoned on campus, that according to VSU Police, who say the gun was linked to Sheppard. Since then, Sheppard has been on the run.Eric Sheppard Jr. was the organizer of the event, and is an advocate for a militant Black Supremacy movement. He is pictured throughout his social media profile with alarming messages supporting violence and carrying numerous weapons.This afternoon, a perimeter was formed between Williams and Slater Streets near the University s campus after two citizens reported seeing Sheppard, but he was not found.Now, Sheppard s parents and police, are begging him to turn himself in. Son, you know we love you, and have always taught you to do the right thing and to make wise decisons. Please make the right decision and turn yourself in to either the authrorities, or to me, and we will handle this together , pleaded Eric Sheppard Sr. on the steps of West Hall, standing beside VSU President, William McKinney. He has not done anything to outright hurt anybody, so I m asking him and looking at cameras when I m telling you, Eric, come on in. Your parents want you to come in. We want you to come in. Come talk to us. Come talk to the police. We ll get this sorted out , said Valdosta Police Chief, Brian Childress, at the scene of the perimeter.Valdosta Police say Sheppard is considered armed and dangerous. If you see Eric Sheppard, dial 911.April 29, 2015ONE WEEK LATER AND ERIC SHEPPARD IS STILL ON THE RUN:Valdosta, GA   It s been more than a week since Valdosta Police issued an arrest warrant for anti-flag protestor, Eric Sheppard. He s accused of bringing a gun onto the VSU campus.Local civil rights activist, Reverend Floyd Rose, says that s when Sheppard lost the right to call himself an activist.Reverend Rose has been arrested four times for civil disobedience during the civil rights Era. He says Sheppard lost the title of activist when he brought the gun on campus, and again when he ran. I think now, he s put himself in a position where if he doesn t turn himself in, then they go after him. And they ll get him eventually. They may know where he is now, I don t know, but I do know this; you end up with more charges when you run. If he turns himself in, he s going to be better off. And then face the music,  says Reverend Rose.MAY 29, 2015:BREAKING   U.S. Marshals have arrested Eric Sheppard Jr., in Tampa Florida after a month long manhunt. Sheppard was originally wanted for firearms violations, threats against students, and most recently terrorism threats specifically against white people in Georgia .",0
21616,GAY MARRIAGE APPROVED BY SUPREME COURT With Ironic Dissenting Opinion From Justice Roberts: “But this court is not a legislature”,"The  Fundamental Transformation  of America is almost complete. Even Barack Hussein Obama must be surprised by how few hurdles have been placed in his way In less than 24 hours, our leftist US Supreme Court delivered not one, but two sucker punches to the heart of America. The acts of these radical judicial activists will have a dramatic effect on our society and culture in the United States of America.    The Supreme Court declared Friday that same-sex couples have a right to marry anywhere in the United States.Gay and lesbian couples already could marry in 36 states and the District of Columbia. The court s 5-4 ruling means the remaining 14 states, in the South and Midwest, will have to stop enforcing their bans on same-sex marriage.The outcome is the culmination of two decades of Supreme Court litigation over marriage, and gay rights generally. Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote the majority opinion, just as he did in the court s previous three major gay rights cases dating back to 1996. It came on the anniversary of two of those earlier decisions. No union is more profound than marriage,  Kennedy wrote, joined by the court s four more liberal justices.The four dissenting justices each filed a separate opinion explaining their views. But this court is not a legislature. Whether same-sex marriage is a good idea should be of no concern to us,  Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in dissent. Roberts read a summary of his dissent from the bench, the first time he has done so in nearly 10 years as chief justice.Justice Antonin Scalia said he is not concerned so much about same-sex marriage, but about  this court s threat to American democracy.  Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas also dissented.The ruling will not take effect immediately because the court gives the losing side roughly three weeks to ask for reconsideration. But some state officials and county clerks might decide there is little risk in issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.The cases before the court involved laws from Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee that define marriage as the union of a man and a woman. Those states have not allowed same-sex couples to marry within their borders and they also have refused to recognize valid marriages from elsewhere.Just two years ago, the Supreme Court struck down part of the federal anti-gay marriage law that denied a range of government benefits to legally married same-sex couples.The decision in United States v. Windsor did not address the validity of state marriage bans, but courts across the country, with few exceptions, said its logic compelled them to invalidate state laws that prohibited gay and lesbian couples from marrying.The number of states allowing same-sex marriage has grown rapidly. As recently as October, just over one-third of the states permitted same-sex marriage.There are an estimated 390,000 married same-sex couples in the United States, according to UCLA s Williams Institute, which tracks the demographics of gay and lesbian Americans. Another 70,000 couples living in states that do not currently permit them to wed would get married in the next three years, the institute says. Roughly 1 million same-sex couples, married and unmarried, live together in the United States, the institute says.Via: AP News ",0
21617,[VIDEO] HECKLERS TAUNT HILLARY AT CAMPAIGN STOP: “Who wiped the blood off your hands Hillary?”,"Hillary got a bit of a surprise while leaving a campaign stop in St. Louis this week.https://youtu.be/NLGeCC4rR1M Who wiped the blood off your hands Hillary? Was it the same people who wiped your servers? How many cell phones do you have today Hillary?  At the end of the video, a woman can be heard screaming over and over again:  Benghazi, Benghazi, Justice for Benghazi you left four of our men to die four Americans dead, thanks to Hillary never forget ",0
21618,REPUBLICAN PROPOSES HOUSE BILL TO FORCE Supreme Court Justices And Employees To Join Obamacare,"Of course, we d be okay with excluding three of the Justices who didn t go along with the rubber stamping of Obama s reckless socialized medicine plan. While we re at it, it s only fair for Barry and his family to be forced to use his signature  Obamacare  insurance plan as well A House Republican on Thursday proposed forcing the Supreme Court justices and their staff to enroll in ObamaCare.Rep. Brian Babin (R-Texas) said that his SCOTUScare Act would make all nine justices and their employees join the national healthcare law s exchanges. As the Supreme Court continues to ignore the letter of the law, it s important that these six individuals understand the full impact of their decisions on the American people,  he said.  That s why I introduced the SCOTUScare Act to require the Supreme Court and all of its employees to sign up for ObamaCare,  Babin said.Babin s potential legislation would only let the federal government provide healthcare to the Supreme Court and its staff via ObamaCare exchanges. By eliminating their exemption from ObamaCare, they will see firsthand what the American people are forced to live with,  he added.His move follows the Supreme Court s ruling Thursday morning that upheld the subsidies under ObamaCare that are provided by the government to offset the cost of buying insurance.The 6-3 decision, authored by Chief Justice John Roberts, said consumers purchasing health insurance from the federal exchange in roughly 34 states could continue to do so.The ruling in King v. Burwell has spurred anger on the right, with conservatives questioning the logic of the decision. They deserve an Olympic medal for the legal gymnastics,  Rep. Joe Pitts (R-Pa.), the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, told The Hill.Roberts argued in his decision that eliminating subsidies would have pulled state healthcare markets into a death spiral. That chain of effects, he added, was not consistent with ObamaCare s intent. The argument that the phrase  established by the State  would be superfluous if Congress meant to extend tax credits to both State and Federal Exchanges is unpersuasive,  he wrote.Justice Antonin Scalia strongly criticized that interpretation in his dissent. We should start by calling this law SCOTUScare,  he wrote, lambasting Roberts for the ObamaCare decision in 2012 declaring the law s mandate that people buy insurance constitutional.Via: The Hill ",0
21619,[Video] BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT SAYS OBAMA’S ‘Clean Power Plan’ Will Increase Black Poverty By 23 Percent,"America s  First Black President  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community We ve got a bad guy in the family, but protect him because he s family.  We ve got to wake up, slap ourselves and wake up. This is America and everybody s involved in this and if our children are hurting, it s our responsibility to find someone who understands that pain, feels it like Bill Clinton would say. This guy doesn t feel it. In fact he issues a lot of that pain, with a smile.  Harry Alford, Black Chamber of Commerce President (Hannity, February 26, 2013)",0
21620,ABOVE THE LAW: OBAMA’S ‘HOPE’ ARTIST WANTED ON FELONY CHARGES IN DETROIT,"Like Obama and his regime, this Occupier and Obama supporter believes he is above the law. The City of Detroit begs to differ, and would like Fairey to pay them back for the damage he has done to various buildings in the city.  Shepard FaireyFamed street artist Shepard Fairey, who visited Detroit last month to create the largest mural of his career, faces felony charges of tagging other properties across the city on his own time.A warrant for his arrest was filed in 36th District Court on Friday. He faces two counts of malicious destruction of property, which carry a maximum penalty of five years in jail, plus fines that could exceed $10,000.Police, who accuse the artist of causing about $9,000 in damage, said that the next time he comes to Detroit, they will arrest him if he doesn t turn himself in first. Just because he is a well-known artist does not take away the fact that he is also a vandal,  said Detroit Police Sgt. Rebecca McKay, who oversees the city s graffiti task force.  And that s what we consider was done, in these instances, was vandalism. Fairey told the Free Press he intended to leave illegal marks in the city. He arrived in May to paint the 18-story mural on One Campus Martius for Dan Gilbert s Bedrock Real Estate Services and others, but before the work began, he said he would be doing more. I still do stuff on the street without permission. I ll be doing stuff on the street when I m in Detroit,  Fairey said last month. His signature black-and-white Andre the Giant face has since appeared on several buildings downtown, in Eastern Market and along Jefferson Avenue.Fairey s legal troubles in Detroit open a window into the evolution of street art, from its illegal origins into its more professionalized genre recognized in museums and galleries. Fairey has always liked to play both sides of the street, accepting major commissions like the One Campus Martius mural but also retaining his street credibility by continuing to work in the shadows, tagging private property without authorization.An exhibition of Fairey s prints is also currently on view at the Library Street Collective in downtown Detroit. This is a whole genre that s become institutionalized, and you ll always have some outliers go back to where they started and where they get their inspiration,  said Elysia Borowy-Reeder, executive director of the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit.On another front, the crackdown on illegal graffiti suggests that the reputation Detroit has had for years among artists elsewhere as a kind of Wild Wild West of opportunity needs amending. While inexpensive studio space, a supportive artists  community and the chance to help shape the future of the city remain powerful incentives to live and work in Detroit, the notion that anything goes, including illegal activities that have made the city a haven for unauthorized street art, is no longer true. That reputation lingers but change happens slowly and it s catching up,  said Borowy-Reeder.  The city is becoming more mature. Via: Detroit Free Press ",0
21621,SAY WHAT? AMAZON TELLS CUSTOMER THEY WERE FORCED BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT To Remove Confederate Flag From Website,"When it comes to limiting our free speech, nothing this lawless government does should surprise us. Under  normal  circumstances, I would question the validity of this claim, but we are no longer living under  normal  circumstances Amazon.com staff are telling irate customers that the company was ordered by the federal government not to sell items featuring the Confederate flag in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.Amazon made the announcement this week, along with eBay, Sears and Walmart, that it would no longer sell products bearing the rebel flag, but according to a conversation posted on YouTube between a customer and an Amazon sales rep, the decision could have been made as a result of pressure from the government.At first the Amazon staffer claims that the items were banned because they were deemed to be offensive, but when pressed by the customer, the sales rep tells a different story. Is this a political statement by Amazon.com or is this a directive that you re following, that the government said you know we want you guys not to sell these anymore?  asks the caller. The government is not allowing us to sell this Confederate flag,  responds the staffer. So the government is not allowing you .to sell it?  asks the caller, to which the sales rep responds,  yes. So Amazon is not making a political statement, this is something the government told you to do?  questions the caller. Exactly,  responds the staffer.Via: InfoWars",0
21622,ILLEGAL ALIEN DEPORTED 3 TIMES KILLS SPORTS JOURNALIST AND FATHER OF 4 DAY BEFORE FATHER’S DAY,"Open borders have consequences Bob Barry Jr. is survived by his wife,  the lovely Gina,  his four children; Matt, Tanner, Evan and Gracie, and his brother, Frank.OKLAHOMA CITY   Authorities confirmed Wednesday morning that a man, accused of causing a crash that killed local sports journalist Bob Barry Jr., had previously been deported three times. Gustavo Castillo Gutierrez, 26, has been charged with causing an accident without a valid driver s license and drug possession on Tuesday.The fatal crash occurred on Saturday. According to police, Barry was on his motorcycle in the left lane on May Ave., near Memorial, when Gutierrez was driving in the right lane. Police said Gutierrez made an illegal U-turn in front of Barry, and Barry was thrown from the motorcycle after crashing into Gutierrez s car.On Sunday, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) placed a detainer with Oklahoma County on Gutierrez from Mexico, following his arrest on criminal charges. ICE officials confirmed that Gutierrez had been voluntarily returned to Mexico three times, twice in 2010, and once in 2013.News9.com   Oklahoma City, OK   News, Weather, Video and Sports | According to an accident report released on Wednesday, Barry took  no improper action  in the crash, meaning he was purely a victim. Authorities said Gutierrez had been distracted before the collision for an unknown reason.Barry suffered injuries to his head, trunk (internal and external), arms and legs. Gutierrez suffered head and trunk injuries.The collision report stated that the vehicle driven by Gutierrez was owned by someone else. Via: News9.comHe is survived by his wife,  the lovely Gina,  his four children; Matt, Tanner, Evan and Gracie, and his brother, Frank. ",0
21623,DEMOCRATS THREATEN KIDS EDUCATION: CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION DEMANDS RAISES AS Chicago Public Schools Run Out Of Money In One Week,"It s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the Democrats who run the city of Chicago along with Chicago Teachers Union president, Karen Lewis, one of the most hard-core radical, leftist s in the business. It s T-minus one week for Chicago Public Schools.As schools let out for the summer, CPS administrators are scrambling to come up with a more than $600 million teacher pension payment due at the end of the month and the district has zero reserves, according to media reports.The problem is further compounded by a more than $1 billion school budget shortfall for the next fiscal year and an angry teachers union hell bent on securing another raise the district can t afford. With no plan, no money and no where to turn, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel seems to be focused solely on a state bailout as the solution. Springfield has to step up and help in this case, not only as it relates to just the pension payment, (but also) the educational opportunities of our children,  Emanuel said, according to the Chicago Tribune.  Because a payment will then begin to impact   the classroom. And CTU could soon partner with its mortal enemies at City Hall to lobby state lawmakers for more money. Right now, the district needs us,  CTU VP Jesse Sharkey told the news site.  The politics of (Chicago Mayor) Rahm Emanuel going to Springfield are a lot different than the politics of Rahm Emanuel and (CTU President) Karen Lewis going to Springfield. The dire financial situation comes amid a federal investigation into a $20 million no-bid contract to a previous employer of former CPS superintendent Barbara Byrd-Bennett, who resigned this month. It feels like a complete mess,  Better Government Association senior editor Sarah Karp told ABC 7.Karp doesn t think recently elected Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner, who ran on a platform of fiscal restraint and criticized union influence in Illinois, is receptive to calls for a bailout. He previously suggested that bankruptcy may be the best way out for CPS, ABC 7 reports. Now, Chicago Public Schools does not have somebody in the State House that is a Democrat or is seemingly sympathetic at all to what s going on here,  Karp said.Meanwhile, school ended for the summer on Friday, and principals around the city are left scratching their heads in planning for next school year. Normally you do your planning in the summer and you can t do too much planning without the actual dollar amount,  Coles Language Academy principal Jeff Dase told ABC 7.Dase said many Chicago principals are concerned that the budget turmoil, and looming possibility of layoffs and program cuts, could convince many of the city s teachers to seek jobs elsewhere.The Tribune reports the city council could authorize CPS to increase taxes on residents, or secure some sort of bailout, or negotiate concessions with CTU, but not even all three combined could put the budget back on track. And then there s another $228 million payment coming due for costs related to interest rate swaps on the district s debt.    (E)ven if CPS wins concession from the City Council, state lawmakers and CTU, the district won t be able to close its annual $1 billion budget gap, according to a May 22 report by Ernst & Young, which spent four weeks meeting with school finance officials and analyzing budget documents,  the Tribune reports. The report shows that even with a capital improvement tax, a separate, even-larger property tax increase, additional state aid, increased state funding of teacher pensions, concessions from the CTU and $150 million with of budget cuts, CPS would still face an annual $350 million shortfall. Next June s teacher pension payment is set to balloon to $700 million. Via: EAG News",0
21624,[VIDEO] CNN CO-ANCHOR CHRIS CUOMO’S OBVIOUS OBSESSION WITH DISCREDITING BLACK GOP CANDIDATE BEN CARSON Would Be Considered “Racist” If Carson Was A Democrat,"Where s the outcry from the left about the mistreatment and relentless badgering of black conservative GOP presidential candidate, Dr. Ben Carson?  Are we to believe by listening to CNN or MSNBC that the only thing Americans care about is gay rights? Does racism only apply to black Democrats? Wednesday morning on CNN s low-rated  New Day,  co-anchor Chris Cuomo floated the idea that the rainbow Gay Pride Flag might be equivalent to the Confederate Flag by asking presidential candidate if both should come down. Many people are equating what the Confederate Flag stands for with the Gay Pride Flag, and saying,  Hey that flag should be taken down too because all it represents is hatred towards Christians[.] With Cuomo you can never tell if a particular act of intellectual dishonesty on his part is based on the fact that he s a none-too-bright beneficiary of nepotism-privilege, or his raging left-wing biases.https://youtu.be/pz4GdhJgtOYIn Chris Cuomo s eternal, racist crusade to disqualify Ben Carson, the left-wing CNN anchor lied about the argument against the Gay Pride Flag. Breitbart News was the first to make this point, and in doing so made it painfully clear that we were not making an equivalence argument.But Cuomo has proven himself time and again to be either a dimwit or a serial fabricator (Jeff Zucker s useful idiot, so to speak), and pointing out his dishonesty is becoming the ultimate dog-bites-man story. Via: Breitbart NewsCompare Chris Cuomo s interview with Dr. Ben Carson to his exclusive interview with Barack Obama that includes tough questions about what it s like to raise two daughters and of utmost importance to the American people questions about his dog: ",0
21625,FBI FILES REVEALED: VALERIE JARRETT’S FAMILY TIES TO COMMUNISM RUN DEEP,"I m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. Many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into Valerie Jarrett s own family. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) files obtained by Judicial Watch reveal that the dad, maternal grandpa and father-in-law of President Obama s trusted senior advisor, Valerie Jarrett, were hardcore Communists under investigation by the U.S. government.Jarrett s dad, pathologist and geneticist Dr. James Bowman, had extensive ties to Communist associations and individuals, his lengthy FBI file shows. In 1950 Bowman was in communication with a paid Soviet agent named Alfred Stern, who fled to Prague after getting charged with espionage. Bowman was also a member of a Communist-sympathizing group called the Association of Internes and Medical Students. After his discharge from the Army Medical Corps in 1955, Bowman moved to Iran to work, the FBI records show.According to Bowman s government file the Association of Internes and Medical Students is an organization that  has long been a faithful follower of the Communist Party line  and engages in un-American activities. Bowman was born in Washington D.C. and had deep ties to Chicago, where he often collaborated with fellow Communists. JW also obtained documents on Bowman from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) showing that the FBI was brought into investigate him for his membership in a group that  follows the communist party line.  The Jarrett family Communist ties also include a business partnership between Jarrett s maternal grandpa, Robert Rochon Taylor, and Stern, the Soviet agent associated with her dad.Jarrett s father-in-law, Vernon Jarrett, was also another big-time Chicago Communist, according to separate FBI files obtained by JW as part of a probe into the Jarrett family s Communist ties. For a period of time Vernon Jarrett appeared on the FBI s Security Index and was considered a potential Communist saboteur who was to be arrested in the event of a conflict with the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). His FBI file reveals that he was assigned to write propaganda for a Communist Party front group in Chicago that would  disseminate the Communist Party line among the middle class. It s been well documented that Valerie Jarrett, a Chicago lawyer and longtime Obama confidant, is a liberal extremist who wields tremendous power in the White House. Faithful to her roots, she still has connections to many Communist and extremist groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood. Jarrett and her family also had strong ties to Frank Marshal Davis, a big Obama mentor and Communist Party member with an extensive FBI file.JW has exposed Valerie Jarrett s many transgressions over the years, including her role in covering up a scandalous gun-running operation carried out by the Department of Justice (DOJ). Last fall JW obtained public records that show Jarrett was a key player in the effort to cover up that Attorney General Eric Holder lied to Congress about the Fast and Furious, a disastrous experiment in which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco Firearms and Explosives (ATF) allowed guns from the U.S. to be smuggled into Mexico so they could eventually be traced to drug cartels. Instead, federal law enforcement officers lost track of hundreds of weapons which have been used in an unknown number of crimes, including the murder of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in Arizona.In 2008 JW got documents linking Valerie Jarrett, who also served as co-chairman of Obama s presidential transition team, to a series of real estate scandals, including several housing projects operated by convicted felon and Obama fundraiser/friend Antoin  Tony  Rezko. According to the documents obtained from the Illinois Secretary of State, Valerie Jarrett served as a board member for several organizations that provided funding and support for Chicago slum projects operated by Tony Rezco.Via: Judicial Watch",0
21626,FIND OUT IF YOUR SENATOR VOTED TO HELP OBAMA With The Fundamental Transformation Of America,"Remember Joni Ernst? Conservatives were so excited to see her win a Senate seat in Iowa. You may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015Senate Vote 218   Advances Trade Promotion AuthorityResult: Cloture Motion Agreed to by a margin of 0 votes Date of Vote: June 23, 2015 Time of Vote: 11:04 a.m. Roll Call Number: 218 Yes Votes (60) Lamar Alexander R TN Kelly Ayotte R NH John Barrasso R WY Michael Bennet D CO Roy Blunt R MO John Boozman R AR Richard M. Burr R NC Maria Cantwell D WA Shelley Moore Capito R WV Thomas R. Carper D DE Bill Cassidy R LA Daniel Coats R IN Thad Cochran R MS Christopher A. Coons D DE John Cornyn R TX Tom Cotton R AR Michael D. Crapo R ID Steve Daines R MT Michael B. Enzi R WY Joni Ernst R IA Dianne Feinstein D CA Deb Fischer R NE Jeff Flake R AZ Cory Gardner R CO Lindsey Graham R SC Charles E. Grassley R IA Orrin G. Hatch R UT Heidi Heitkamp D ND Dean Heller R NV John Hoeven R ND James M. Inhofe R OK Johnny Isakson R GA Ron Johnson R WI Tim Kaine D VA Mark Steven Kirk R IL James Lankford R OK John McCain R AZ Claire McCaskill D MO Mitch McConnell R KY Jerry Moran R KS Lisa Murkowski R AK Patty Murray D WA Bill Nelson D FL David Perdue R GA Rob Portman R OH Jim Risch R ID Pat Roberts R KS Mike Rounds R SD Marco Rubio R FL Ben Sasse R NE Tim Scott R SC Jeanne Shaheen D NH Dan Sullivan R AK John Thune R SD Thom Tillis R NC Patrick J. Toomey R PA David Vitter R LA Mark Warner D VA Roger Wicker R MS Ron Wyden D ORNo Votes (37) Tammy Baldwin D WI Richard Blumenthal D CT Cory Booker D NJ Barbara Boxer D CA Sherrod Brown D OH Benjamin L. Cardin D MD Bob Casey D PA Susan Collins R ME Ted Cruz R TX Joe Donnelly D IN Richard J. Durbin D IL Al Franken D MN Kirsten E. Gillibrand D NY Martin Heinrich D NM Mazie K. Hirono D HI Angus King I ME Amy Klobuchar D MN Patrick J. Leahy D VT Joe Manchin III D WV Edward J. Markey D MA Jeff Merkley D OR Barbara A. Mikulski D MD Christopher S. Murphy D CT Rand Paul R KY Gary Peters D MI Jack Reed D RI Harry Reid D NV Bernard Sanders I VT Brian Schatz D HI Charles E. Schumer D NY Jeff Sessions R AL Richard C. Shelby R AL Debbie Stabenow D MI Jon Tester D MT Tom Udall D NM Elizabeth Warren D MA Sheldon Whitehouse D RIDid Not Vote (3) Bob Corker R TN Mike Lee R UT Robert Menendez D NJVia: NYT s ",0
21627,[VIDEO] OUR RACIST PRESIDENT INVITES MUSLIMS To Join Blacks In Victim Pool While Celebrating Ramadan at White House," As Americans we insist that no one should be targeted because of who they are, what they look like, who they love, what they worship. (Unless of course, you re a cop or a person who enjoys  white privilege ).Doesn t Mooch  target  privileged white people every time she has a microphone placed in front of her? Whether speaking at a commencement speech or museum opening, Mooch doesn t miss an opportunity to point out how mistreated she and her husband, (the two-term elected President of the United States) are by dragging race into every speech. Why is that okay?Barack Obama hosted an Iftar dinner at the White House on June 22, 2015. He paid tribute to three Muslim students (victims killed by a white man) who were murdered in Chapel Hill, NC.  He managed to tie the recent hateful act by another young white man who killed 9 innocent black church members in Charleston, SC into his speech. The Koran teaches that God s children should tread lightly above the earth and that when confronted with ignorance, reply  peace.  Where was your  peaceful muslim  speech following the attempt by two muslims in Texas to commit mass murder during Pamela Gellar s free speech event?",0
21628,"[VIDEO] OUR DIVIDER IN CHIEF, BARACK OBAMA, INVOKES “N” WORD During Interview","Our 44th President just doing his part to keep the racial fire stoked Barack Obama claimed the United States was still infected with racism   and dropped the N-word to make his point   in his first ever podcast interview released this morning. The President said:  Racism, we are not cured of it. And it s not just a matter of it not being polite to say n****r in public. That s not the measure of whether racism still exists or not. It s not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don t overnight completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior. The President said that attitudes about race had improved significantly since he was born to a white mother and black father 53 years ago.But the nation s history of slavery  casts a long shadow, and that s still part of our DNA that s passed on .Obama made the remarks in a podcast for comedian Marc Maron following the fatal shooting of nine people last Wednesday at a historical black church in Charleston, South Carolina.Echoing his own Thursday statement on the shootings, the President said the nation must determine how it can respect the rights of firearm owners while keeping weapons out of the hands of the mentally unstable. The question is just: is there a way of accommodating that legitimate set of traditions with some commonsense stuff that prevents a 21-year-old who is angry about something or confused about something, or is racist, or is deranged, from going into a gun store and suddenly is packing and can do enormous harm.  And that is not something that we have ever fully come to terms with. It is thought he was referring to Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old South Carolinian accused of killing nine congregants at Emanuel AME church in Charleston.Obama s interview with comedian Marc Maron for his podcast, WTF, was recorded on Friday but was not posted online until this morning.The President lamented how often he had to speak to the country  about a devastating loss  and added:  It s not enough just to feel bad. There are actions that could be taken to make events like this less likely. And one of those actions we could take would be to enhance some basic commonsense gun-safety laws that, by the way, the majority of gun owners support. He reiterated his Thursday claim that  there s no other advanced nation on earth that tolerates multiple shootings on a regular basis and considers it normal. And to some degree that s what s happened in this country. It s become something that we expect. The President claimed the common framing of shooting sprees was that  it s a crazy person   you can t help it .And he said gun control legislation had been stymied in Congress because  the grip of the NRA (National Rifle Association) on Congress is extremely strong .Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21629,THE DEMOCRAT WHO WROTE A PAPER About How Women Fantasize About Being Gang Raped Draws Larger Crowds Than GOP Presidential Candidates,"The producers vs. the looters The man honeymooned in a Communist country. He even wrote a paper about how woman fantasize about being gang raped. Combine all of that with the fact that he subscribes to the disturbing belief of Socialism and a reasonable person might believe it would all add up to a failed Presidential campaign. In the America of the past that would undoubtedly be the case. But in the Progressive hell the United States has now become a candidate with those credentials just seems to draw an ever larger crowd of supporters.Politicus USA reports that Socialist presidential candidate, Bernie Sanders, attracted a good size crowd during his recent visit to Denver, Colorado. So large in fact it was a larger crowd than any Republican candidate has attracted so far:Bernie Sanders drew a bigger crowd than any Republican candidate, as 4,500 supporters filled his event in Denver.According to the Sanders campaign: Thousands of cheering and chanting Coloradans   one of the biggest crowds for any presidential candidate so far this campaign   showed up here on Saturday night to hear Bernie Sanders tell them they were sending a message to the billionaire class that  You can t have it all. This is our country too. By the university s count, 4,500 people were in the gym, atrium and lacrosse field to see Sanders, the candidate for the Democratic Party presidential nomination and a U.S. senator from Vermont.Sen. Sanders drew the second biggest crowd of the entire campaign in Denver. The only bigger crowd by official count wasHillary Clinton s rally in New York last weekend. Sen. Sanders is pulling off the most impressive feat of the campaign. People are excited and showing up for his events.Unlike Ted Cruz who drew a big crowd for his campaign launch by holding it a university event that students were forced to attend, the enthusiasm for Bernie Sanders is real. He doesn t pay actors to come to his rallies and support him like Donald Trump did If the Progressive website s claim is true, IF, then this would possibly signify a disturbing trend where the United States is embracing the Socialist mantra more than it has previously.But most likely, the fact that no one Republican candidate has yet to attract a large amount of public support at their rallies is just a result of the large field of Republican candidates, and the fact that the voters on the political right are just tired of establishment, cookie cutter politicians who will say anything to get elected. And then do as they please once in office.As the number of candidates is whittled down on the Republican side either the crowds will appear to support that one candidate or, as they did during the last presidential election, they ll stay home. Which, if history and Hillary s lack of luck on her presidential runs hold, could possibly mean that Bernie Sanders may be the next United States President.God help us if that cold day in hell becomes a reality. We ve seen the damage one Progressive President who denies being a Socialist and a Marxist has done to this nation. Image the destruction a full fledged, proud to be Socialist President would do .Via: Progressives Today",0
21630,UNBELIEVABLE VIDEO OF NYPD COPS BEING PUNCHED BY MAN IN CROWD WHILE Woman Being Arrested Attempts To Steal Female Cops Gun,"Why would anyone want to risk their lives while serving their community as a cop in this hostile, anti-cop, free-for-all environment created by Barack Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton?Two NYPD officers are attacked and punched several times by a black man while attempting to arrest a woman. The woman being arrested can be seen trying to grab the female NYPD officer s gun numerous times during the altercation.Via: LiveLeak",0
21631,[VIDEO] RINO STRATEGIST KARL ROVE HAS SOLUTION TO GUN VIOLENCE: Repeal Second Amendment,"Why does FOX News even give this guy a microphone? He lost his relevance about a decade ago, and yet FOX News still thinks Americans care about anything he has to say. He was against gun control before he was for it Republican strategist Karl Rove said on  Fox News Sunday  the only way to stop gun-related violence, like the Wednesday massacre at Emmanuel African Methodist Church in Charleston S.C., was to repeal American citizens  Second Amendment rights.When Chris Wallace asked Rove how we can,  stop the violence,  the long-time gun-rights advocate stated that we have made great strides as a nation in empathizing with the victims of these types of shootings, but the only way to guarantee they will stop is to  remove guns from society. What do you think?WALLACE: How do we stop the violence?What do you think? ROVE: I wish I had an easy answer for that, but I don t think there s an easy answerWhat do you think? We saw an act of evil. Racist, bigoted evil, and to me the amazing thing is that it was met with grief and love. Think about how far we ve come since 1963. The whole weight of the government throughout the South was to impede finding and holding and bringing to justice the men who perpetrated the [Birmingham] bombing.What do you think? And here, we saw an entire state, an entire community, an entire nation come together, grieving as one and united in the belief that this was an evil act, so we ve come a long way.What do you think? Now maybe there s some magic law that will keep us from having more of these. I mean basically the only way to guarantee that we will dramatically reduce acts of violence involving guns is to basically remove guns from society, and until somebody gets enough  oomph  to repeal the Second Amendment, that s not going to happen.Via: Daily Caller",0
21632,BLACK WOMAN IN CHARLESTON WARNS “There’s gonna be a race war against ‘Cracka’s'”,"All the progress that s been made with race relations in America since the civil rights era has been ignored by so many angry blacks who ve bought into the carefully orchestrated Obama, Sharpton and Holder race war funded by their friend, George Soros. Since the liberal mainstream media wants to use the horrific massacre in Charleston to attack conservatives, disparage white people and act as if Dylann Roof s actions represent a normalcy, I thought it only fair to bring up the case of a black woman from Charleston, Sista Solove, who this week essentially asserted that white supremacy is leading us towards a race war against  crackas. She made the statement on Wednesday while speaking with Breitbart Texas editor Brandon Darby outside the Mother Emmanuel American Methodist Church in Charleston.When he asked her what she thinks will ultimately result from Roof s actions, she replied,  The real question is   if it were the other way around, what would that be? https://youtu.be/_o-rzGRSu8sIf a black person   if a nigga killed nine crackas, he would be dead. We wouldn t even be talking about his raggedy ass. Okay. But this cracka is,  Oh, he s mentally ill. Oh, ya know, pray for him. Oh, they ve got support systems for him.No, it s an agenda, and there s going to be a race war because it continues to happen. You cannot go pray. You can t be a child at a playground. You can t wear a hoodie with Skittles. You can t be black.What s a good nigga supposed to do, Massa? What s a good nigga supposed to do not to get shot? That s a good question, ain t it?The reason Roof happens to be alive to this day is because he complied with police orders and did not resist arrest. This places him in stark contrast to the likes of, say, Mike Brown and Eric Garner.The comment about  a child at a playground  referred to 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who died in an unfortunate incident after a bystander reported  a male sitting on a swing and pointing a gun at people.  The gun turned out to be fake, though according to reports, Rice reached for it when the cops told him to put his hands up.And as for the comment about how  you can t wear a hoodie with Skittles,  that referred to Trayvon Martin, who was justifiably shot by George Zimmerman after he attacked the guy for no legitimate reason whatsoever.Anyway. Sista Solove then delivered what Breitbart contributor Lee Stranahan accurately described as  the academic Marxist message of  white privilege  that underscores the current Black Lives Matter movement :It s called white privilege. You don t understand where our anger comes from. No one gets it. Our history comes from our family telling us,  Oh, you can t be black. Don t do this, don t go to that fountain, don t do this  and we re still dealing with this shit. What are we going to do with the anger? What are we going to do with the anger? What do we do?Via: DownTrend",0
21633,ILLEGAL ALIEN CRIMINALS ON HUNGER STRIKE IN AZ PRISON Give List Of Demands Including Removal Of Threat Of Deportation,"This reminds us of the list of demands that were made by the American prisoners in Mexico oh wait never mind The border has been a hot topic in this country, since floods of illegal immigrants have been pouring over the border. To make matters worse, these illegals are receiving benefits that hard-working Americans have paid for, and they continue to show a lack of respect for our culture or make any attempts to assimilate. Law enforcement has had their hands tied every step of the way, and when they are able to finally detain illegals, it only causes more issues.A group of 200 illegal immigrants launched a hunger strike at Eloy Detention Center outside Phoenix Saturday morning. The men sat down in the recreation yard at 9:45 a.m. and declared the strike, the advocacy group Puente Movement said, taking action for what they called brutal and inhumane conditions.The recent death of Jos  de Jes s Deniz-Sahag n has been a rallying cry for these offenders. They claim that he died under mysterious circumstances, and they want their questions answered. Deniz-Sahag n was found dead in his cell and did not show signs of injury, but detainees who joined the strike Saturday said guards beat him and locked him up in solitary confinement before he died.These criminals also say that they are forced to work at the center for $1 per day and sometimes do not receive needed medical treatment. Francisca Porcha, the director of Puente Movement, said,  They re outraged because they re the ones who heard him scream for mercy, it was the straw that broke the camel s back. The criminals have a list of demands that need to be met for the strike to end, which include:The independent investigation into two recent deaths that had mysterious circumstances and problems of guards using excessive force.The conditions of their detainment be improved, which would include both medical and mental health care.They must have access to legal resources and court hearings if requested.The exploitation of the detainees  work be ended.There should be no more criminalization , detention, and deportation.The offenders say that they are pressured to work long shifts with barely any compensation.  What kind of hypocrisy is this where the United States is picking up people for working without documents, but it s perfectly legal to work for a private corporation for $1 a day?  Porcha said.In response to the  demands  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has released a statement on Saturday: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is committed to ensuring the welfare of those in custody, ICE managers and detention center staff communicate with detainees regularly and respects the right of people to express their opinions. ICE detainees are under continuous observation by center staff and medical personnel. I am sure we can all get behind the idea that people should receive proper medical and mental care, but the other  demands    really? They should have no special treatment given to them since they are not American citizens. To have the gall to  demand  that there be  no threat of criminalization, detention, and deportation  is absolute madness. They would not be detained if they had not broken the law when they entered this country illegally.Via: Mad World News",0
21634,THE ULTIMATE COMMUNITY ORGANIZER: IS YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD TOO WHITE? IS IT TOO RICH? Obama Plans To ‘Fix’ Them Using Government to Force Diversity,"Of course, the government will have to address that whole income inequality issue, because clearly every illegal alien or  underprivileged  American doesn t have the financial means to live in the wealthier communities or suburbs. Socialism is here, and unless we find someone in Congress willing to stand up to this  president, everything Americans have worked so hard for will likely be taken away by government force This is what you get when you put a community organizer in the White House   he tries to reorganize your community from Washington.Apparently, President Obama thinks your neighborhood may not be inclusive enough, so he has instructed his Department of Housing and Urban Development to issue a new rule called Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing, which is designed to force communities to diversify.According to the Obama administration, in too many neighborhoods  housing choices continue to be constrained through housing discrimination, the operation of housing markets, [and] investment choices by holders of capital.  (Yes, that is a quote from an actual HUD document, not a bad undergraduate thesis on Karl Marx.)Under Obama s proposed rule, the federal government will collect massive amounts of data on the racial, ethnic and socioeconomic makeup of thousands of local communities, looking for signs of  disparities by race, color, religion, sex, familial status, national origin, or disability in access to community assets.  Then the government will target communities with results it doesn t like and use billions of dollars in federal grant money to bribe or blackmail them into changing their zoning and housing policies.This is not about blocking housing discrimination, which has been illegal since 1968. It is unlawful for someone to deny you a loan or prevent you from buying a home because of your race, creed or color. Socioeconomic status is   and ought to be   another matter. If you want to buy a nice house in the suburbs, you have to be able to afford it. Apparently, Obama thinks that s unfair discrimination by the  holders of capital. Putting decisions about how local communities are run in the hands of federal bureaucrats is an assault on freedom. Local autonomy is essential to liberty. As Milton Friedman put it in  Capitalism and Freedom,   If I don t like what my local community does, be it in sewage disposal, zoning or schools, I can move to another local community. . . . If I don t like what my state does, I can move to another. If I do not like what Washington imposes, I have few alternatives in this world of jealous nations.  Washington has no business imposing decisions about zoning and housing policies on thousands of local communities.The proposed rule could become an issue in the presidential race. HUD Secretary Julian Castro, the man assigned to implement this new policy, is on everyone s shortlist to be Hillary Clinton s running mate. Moreover, as National Review s Stanley Kurtz points out, collecting all the data will take time   which means decisions about how to use that data will be up to the next president, whoever that turns out to be.Local communities across the United States will be up in arms over this rule   and rightly so. The federal government should have no say over whether your neighborhood is too Jewish, or too Caucasian, or has too many married couples. But Republicans need to be very careful. Democrats want the GOP to rail against this rule and see it as an opportunity to paint the Republicans as the party that wants to protect the wealthy, white suburbs and keep out poor people of color.Conservatives need to make this absolutely clear: We believe Americans of all races, colors and creeds should be free to live wherever they want. And we want to help them do so by unleashing economic opportunity for those at the bottom so that more Americans can get better educations and better jobs and ultimately move to better neighborhoods.Under Obama, those opportunities have been disappearing for Americans at the bottom of our economy. While he talks a good game about inequality, the poor have gotten poorer while the rich have gotten richer on Obama s watch. During the Obama recovery, Americans in the top 5 percent of households (those with average incomes of more than $320,000) were the only group in the United States to see incomes rise from 2009 to 2013. Meanwhile, those worst hit were in the bottom 20 percent, who saw their real incomes fall by 7 percent on average. As American Enterprise Institute President Arthur C. Brooks explains ,  Our putatively progressive president has inadvertently executed a plutocratic tour de force. Having Washington micromanage the housing and zoning policies of thousands of local communities is not going to change this. The answer is not to force local governments to build affordable housing in affluent communities. The answer is to restore upward mobility in the United States so that more people can afford housing in affluent communities.Via: Washington Post ",0
21635,DIVERSITY GONE WILD: US Government Plans To Replace Alexander Hamilton On $10 Bill With A Woman…,"We re living in such  historic  times I can barely take all the diversity and equality Help us to choose the woman the Obama regime will select to replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill (below). The Treasury Department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill, as a source has confirmed what appears to be a premature tweet.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will announce Thursday that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing will put a woman on the bill as soon as 2020. Via: Weasel ZippersWednesday evening, Nancy Lindborg tweeted:Sec Lew announced 2day historic decision to feature a woman on new 10 dollar bill. About time! Share ideas on who to feature #TheNewTen.  Nancy Lindborg (@nancylindborg) June 17, 2015We have a few guesses as to whom the Obama regime will choose as Alexander Hamilton s replacement:The  honorable  and very alert US Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader GinsburgWhite House puppet master, Valerie JarrettAmerica s first Food Nazi and 5-star vacation MoochAmerica s first transracial, habitual liar and former Spokane, WA NAACP PresidentAnd finally America s most dishonest presidential candidate ",0
21636,$110K STOLEN FROM ‘At Risk Kids’ Fund By DC City Council To Fund Obama’s Inaugural Ball,"Aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat Mooch s slop for lunch? Isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and Dem s? When the Washington D.C. City Council pleaded for $110,000 in funding for a program for at risk kids they cried that it was  for the children.  But not long after the money was given to the city, officials decided to use it to fund a big party for Obama s 2009 inaugural. Now one official has been sentenced for this theft.Former DC official Neil S. Rodgers was sentenced this week for the theft and six others have pled guilty in separate cases for the misappropriation of the funding.Neil S. Rodgers, a former D.C. government official, was sentenced Tuesday for his role in the misappropriation of $110,000 earmarked for D.C. s Children at Risk and Drug Prevention Fund to cover a deficit for the 51st State Inaugural Ball for President Obama s inauguration in 2009. Rodgers, found guilty of fraud in March, was sentenced to 36 days (served on weekends) plus two years of probation. Rodgers must also repay the entire $110,000 as restitution for his crime. In 2008, as arrangements were underway for inauguration celebrations, the Washington City Paper reported on former council member Harry Thomas Jr. s early plans for the 51st State Inaugural Ball, noting that  there would have to be a plan to raise funds for the event, and security and cleanup concerns would also have to dealt with. Thomas says all that will be taken care of; he says he plans to seek private donations to cover the difference between the event s cost and the revenues raised by the $51 ticket cost.  Donations, however, came up short. Justice Department officials described Rodgers s role in the misappropriation scheme in a Tuesday press release.Via: Right Wing News",0
21637,[VIDEO] DOES SEEING TWO NAKED LESBIANS IN BED TOGETHER MAKE YOU WANT TO EAT YOGURT? Chobani Apparently Thinks It Does,"It s a shame really when a company who produces a really great product is more driven by their desire to promote a perverted social message than to actually promote their product. My husband thanks you Chobani, because of your decision to shove your brand of  diversity  down our throats, he ll have 20 less cartons of Chobani yogurt to shift around in our refrigerator every week. Greek yogurt brand Chobani debuted the latest television spot for its Simply 100 yogurt on Monday, with a surprise twist at the end in the closing seconds of the ad, the couple eating yogurt in bed are revealed to be lesbians.Created by ad agency Opperman Weiss, the 30-second spot, part of the brand s new seven-part  Love This Life  campaign, features a naked woman eating Chobani yogurt in bed next to her partner. The woman leans over and tickles her partner s foot, then seductively slides off the bed as the brand s new slogan appears onscreen.Chobani CMO Peter McGuiness told ad industry magazine AdWeek that using a lesbian couple in the spot was a  natural progression  for the new campaign. The campaign hopes to highlight a  series of modern American stories that connect the brand s values to its fans  values. For us, it s why not [feature a same-sex couple]   not why,  McGuiness told AdWeek.  There s nothing new here, per say. Inclusion and equality has been and is foundational and fundamental to the company. Chobani is the latest brand to include same-sex couples in its advertising. In January, luxury jewelry outlet Tiffany & Co. introduced its first-ever spot featuring a gay couple getting engaged. Other brands featuring same-sex couples in its ads include Wells Fargo and clothing retailer Gap.Television advertising represents something of a new frontier for the LGBT movement. Of course, television itself has exploded with critically-acclaimed programming featuring gay and transgender characters.Bruce Jenner, who came out as a woman last month on a now-infamous Vanity Fair magazine cover, is set to star in I Am Cait, a new eight-part docu-series about living as a transgender woman premiering this summer on the E! network. Fourteen-year-old transgender high-schooler Jazz Jennings will also get her own reality show, All That Jazz, on TLC this summer. Those shows are just the first in an expected bump in transgender-themed reality television programming.Transgender actor Laverne Cox earned an Emmy nomination for the Netflix prison series Orange is the New Black, while Jeffrey Tambor picked up a Golden Globe for his role as transitioning father Maura Pfefferman in Amazon s Transparent, which itself won Best Television Series honors at this year s Globes.Over on network television, Jussie Smollet portrays Jamal Lyon, the gay son of a hip-hop mogul on Empire, the biggest show on TV last season. And in March, ABC Family s The Fosters made history by airing the youngest-ever same-sex kiss between two 13-year-old boys.Via: Breitbart NewsBelow, you will find the message I sent to Chobani. Please feel free to send your own message to this address: www.care.chobani.comHave you lost your mind? What were you thinking when you produced a commercial for your high quality yogurt featuring two naked lesbian women in bed? I have a few large social media sites, and as I sit writing about your choice to place your social messaging above your product, I realize that the 20-25 cartons of Chobani I buy for myself and my three athletic daughters will be the last Chobani yogurt I buy. When my girls ask me  why?  I will have to explain to them that you have chosen to push a minority lifestyle on everyday Americans with no regard for how it may affect the young children and traditional families who purchase your product. I have nothing against gay relationships, I do however, have something against a company who I have been so loyal to for so long, choosing to push a lifestyle on America that we simply don t want pushed on us. My husband will be happy, as he ll have more room in the fridge to keep his beer cold, because I will now be buying the large containers of Fage yogurt and adding my own fruit. So long Chobani! I hope your message was worth the backlash you will certainly receive. You ve pushed the envelope too far this time Here is their emailed response(inlcuding the name of the respondent as well as his phone number: Hey, Patty.Thank you for sharing your thoughts with us about our newest  Love This Life  commercial.We launched our  Love This Life  campaign in May to reflect our fans and celebrate the role that natural food plays in their lives.As part of our founding mission to make better food for more people, inclusiveness is at the heart of our company. We re proud that our products are enjoyed by all and celebrate that diversity.Since our founding, we ve always believed in honesty and authenticity in everything we do. This campaign is part of that mission, and we hope you understand that we re staying true to our founding mission.We take your feedback very seriously and will of course share it, and we want to personally thank you for reaching out to us.Regards, Shawn Shawn Hess Customer Loyalty Team Lead 147 State Highway 320  Norwich, New York 13815 877-847-6181 www.chobani.com ",0
21638,[VIDEO] DETROIT WOMAN KILLS BEST FRIEND OVER 2012 PRESIDENTIAL RACE ARGUMENT…Media Refuses To Say Killer Supported Obama,"If the murderer was arguing in defense of a Republican would the media be working so hard to keep her political persuasion private?  In a dramatic and colorful case with strong political overtones, a Livonia, Michigan woman was ordered to stand trial for murder after allegedly bashing her neighbor to death with a slow cooker following an argument over presidential politics. The news media are studiously avoiding any inquiry into the politics of the accused and those of the victim, which ordinarily tells you the story. A few seconds  worth of internet sleuthing fills in a few details that proceed along the lines any conservative (but no media reporter) would suspect.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def();p.loadVideoWithKey(""eyJwIjoiMTAwMDAxMSIsIm0iOiJTUFMiLCJ2IjoiZXhwcmVzc18xNDM0NDkzMDY2MDA2In0=""); // ]]>https://youtu.be/MxaEuvmBuo4The Detroit News reports:A Detroit woman was ordered Thursday to stand trial in the killing of her friend beaten with a slow cooker after the two argued about politics.Tewana Sullivan, 50, who is charged with murder, cried at her preliminary hearing as she heard graphic details about the fatal Oct. 22 assault on Cheryl Livy, 66, with a kitchen appliance.Oakland County Medical Examiner Dr. Ljubisa Dragovic testified before Livonia District Judge Sean Kavanagh that Livy died of blunt force injuries to her head, face and mid-back.Livy also had defensive injuries to the back of her hands where it appears she tried to protect herself, Dragovic testified.Livy was discovered barely breathing with the cord of the  busted  slow cooker around her neck in her apartment around 10:45 p.m. at the McNamara Towers senior housing complex in the 19300 block of Purlingbrook, officer Thomas Blauvelt testified.Blauvelt said he found  blood all over the walls, all over the floor, all over the victim. In other words, an extremely brutal murder. Not quite ISIS-level, but no swords, cages, or lighter fluid were at hand. Using what was available, a slow cooker (apparently this was a kitchen discussion), Ms. Livy was beaten to death, as she futilely tried to defend herself.The argument was over politics, but no specifics are being given:Defense attorney John McWilliams said the two women had argued over  presidential politics. Whatever the controversy is between Democrats and Republicans,  he said.As a conservative, I am accustomed to vitriol being hurled at me from the left. Sure, there are some uncouth and some violent people on the right, but in this era, one sees racial agitators on the left in particular sparking violent attacks, as, for example, following the shooting in Ferguson, Missouri. I am not aware of any riots in the past several decades by conservatives.The defendant, Ms. Sullivan, is black. We know that roughly 92% of blacks voted for President Obama. The victim, Ms. Livy, is white. Take a look at the Facebook page Justice for Cheryl Livy to see her pictures: This is not conclusive evidence, to be sure. It is possible Ms. Livy was an extreme leftist. arguing with Ms. Sullivan that Obama is not progressive enough. Or maybe Ms. Sullivan was among the small minority of blacks who are conservative, though I have never in my life heard of a black conservative who has tendencies toward violence (Clarence Thomas, Thomas Sowell, Lloyd Marcus, Kevin Jackson   they all tend toward thoughtful). But the odds are that a Democrat assassinated a critic of President Obama ( presidential politics  today necessarily involve President Obama) in the wake of a heated political argument. I d be willing to bet a substantial amount of money on that with anyone who would give me even odds.Via: American Thinker",0
21639,[Video] MUSLIM MAN HITS GAY COUPLE OVER HEADS WITH CHAIR IN MANHATTAN: Why It Won’t Be Treated As A Hate Crime,"Bayna-Lehkiem El-Amin, the muslim man who attacked the two gays in a Manhattan restaurant may want to stay away from tall buildings after the truth about this story gets out The man accused of bashing a gay couple with a chair in a Chelsea barbecue restaurant has surrendered to cops   but hasn t been arrested on hate crime charges because he s gay too, police sources said.Bayna-Lehkiem El-Amin, 41, surrendered to NYPD Hate Crime detectives at the 7th Precinct and charged with assault and attempted assault.El-Amin slammed a chair over the heads of Jonathan Snipes, 32, and Ethan York-Adams, 25, during a dispute inside Dallas BBQ on Eighth Ave. near W. 23rd St. on May 5.He was also accused of using homophobic slurs, but his lawyer said the Bronx resident couldn t be hit with hate crime charges because his client was also gay, sources with knowledge of the investigation said.The charges could be upgraded at his arraignment Tuesday afternoon, a second police source said.El-Amin left the city after the attack, but professed his innocence online.Here s the video taken by a surveillance camera in the restaurant. You be the judge: Video: WABC News TV New YorkWriting on the blog The G-List, El-Amin said that he was attacked first. I was the victim   I was sitting at my table,  he wrote.  With no provocation, he came up and hit me. There was no slur thrown at him. Via: NY Daily News ",0
21640,"[VIDEO] SHOULD RINOS AND DEMOCRATS FEAR TRUMP’S PRESIDENTIAL BID? “I would build a great, great wall on our southern border and make Mexico pay for it”","Donald Trump announced he will be running for President as a Republican in 2016.  Here s what he had to say about our military and Iran:  Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump nobody. Within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur. I will find the right guy. I will find the guy who will take that military and make it really work. Nobody nobody will be pushing us around. I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has no concept of negotiation.   Video h/t: Gateway PunditHis announcement can be seen here:Donald on TPA and why Obama is a bad negotiator:Donald on his net worth:",0
21641,OBAMA’S DREAM IS AMERICA’S NIGHTMARE: 121 Illegal Aliens Commit Murder After Avoiding Deportation Orders,"A different set of laws apply to illegals in fact, it appears there are no laws that apply to illegals More than 100 convicted criminals who remained in the U.S. despite receiving deportation orders between 2010 and 2014 now face murder charges, according to the agency charged with carrying out such deportations of illegal immigrants.U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement reports that 121 convicted criminals who were never removed from the country face murder charges today.In response, Sens. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., of the Judiciary Committee submitted a letter on June 12 requesting a  multi-departmental response  from Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Secretary of State John Kerry and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.In their letter, Grassley and Sessions cite Immigration and Customs Enforcement statistics that show 1,000 of the 36,007 criminally-convicted illegal immigrants released from custody in fiscal year 2013 have been reconvicted of additional crimes.The senators wrote that the murders committed by the 121 convicted criminals  could have been avoided  had they not been released.As a result, Grassley and Sessions are requesting an explanation from the Obama administration officials concerning the government s decision to release the convicted criminals before deportation.The senators also ask for information concerning the future of U.S. initiatives to deport convicted criminals and whether immigration officials are  fully leveraging existing tools and resources to prevent these dangerous outcomes. However, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director Sarah Saldana wrote in a recent letter that convicted criminals may be released, even if the convicted individuals face deportation charges.h/t Weasel ZippersVia: The Daily Signal",0
21642,MORE TRANSPARENCY: CLINTON’S REFUSE TO RELEASE HILLARY’S HEALTH RECORDS,"Karl Rove is suggesting Hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.On Sunday, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager would not commit to releasing her health records during the 2016 campaign.Face the Nation host John Dickerson pointed out that  Hillary Clinton had a big health scare when she was secretary of state  and asked campaign manager Robby Mook,  will she release her medial records as part of this campaign? I will let Hillary decide that,  Mook answered.  But I can tell you she has been hitting the campaign trail hard. In 2012, Clinton had to delay her Benghazi testimony to Congress after she fell and suffered a concussion. She later was treated for a blood clot in her brain, which experts said could have been  life threatening.  Though Clinton joked about her  cracked head  in emails that the State Department recently released, Bill Clinton revealed last year that Hillary s injuries  required six months of very serious work to get over. On the stump this weekend, Clinton tried to deflect concerns about her age by saying that she would be the  youngest woman president  if elected to the White House.Via:Breitbart News",0
21643,BREAKING: MEGYN KELLY INTERVIEWS PARENTS OF FAKE BLACK RACHEL DOLEZAL [VIDEO],This whole public nightmare must be heartbreaking for her parents H/T Weasel Zippers,0
21644,BUSTED: THE ULTIMATE COMMUNIST ORGANIZER…Evidence Shows George Soros Behind Ferguson Race Riots,"George, Barack and Hillary the axis of evil Professional race activists Deray McKesson and Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop), pictured here in Baltimore, helped whip up the Ferguson mobs. This year Fortune Magazine named these two professional activists two of the world s greatest leaders.Many conservatives rightly smelled a rat in the supposed organic race-riot movement that sprang up so quickly in Ferguson, Missouri in August 2014 after the shooting death of robber Michael Brown. After burning the Ferguson and Dellwood, Missouri business districts to the ground the radical left has relentlessly sought to recreate the same discord and disinformation in various locations around the U.S. Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protest leaders have been flown to New York, South Carolina, Milwaukee, Selma, and more recently to McKinney, Texas and Hillary s campaign relaunch in New York.Thankfully, every day patriots and online conservative investigators still fight to shine truth, anywhere  the movement  tries to sow its twisted seeds to foment anger, feed bitterness, and breed division.Much has been printed about the paid protesters and Soros connections.** Nearly half of the roughly 500 businesses operating in Ferguson and adjacent communities, such as Dellwood and Jennings, suffered property damage or lost revenue as a result of the coordinated Ferguson protests and riots.In May black Ferguson activists staged a protest at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) to complain that the group s white leaders collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share. It was during these protests that Ferguson activists admitted that fellow protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities, damage property and attack police!In response to these protests MORE released a list of names and amounts paid out to protesters and protest groups who agitated and harassed police night-after-night in Ferguson last fall and winter.The list of over 80 groups and individuals was posted on Twitter by an irate protester. Via Weasel ZippersOne of the protest leaders who showed up in Ferguson shortly after Michael Brown s death was DeRay McKesson from Minneapolis. DeRay and fellow activist Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop) were nationally recognized and celebrated by the liberal media as two of the top stars of the violent protest mob.We now know that DeRay McKesson has been working with and for Soros-funded groups since he was in junior high school. We know this because DeRay released his resume online this past weekend.DeRay says he s been living off of savings for the past nine months as he s turned up in Ferguson, Baltimore, New York City, Milwaukee, Selma, McKinney and this past weekend he was at Hillary Clinton s campaign relaunch in New York state.DeRay and Charles Wade, Solange Knowles s stylist, the founder of Op Help or Hush have known each other for three years. Wade and McKesson were regular Ferguson protesters. That means the two have been affiliated well before Michael Brown went on his crime spree. DeRay has used his capacity, as Charles calls it, to push  the movement s  agenda far and wide.DeRay has long been known for his skill at  community organizing .He served as president of his class at Bowdoin College, as well as president of Bowdoin Student Government. While at Bowdoin, DeRay reportedly grew close to Bowdoin President Barry Mills, whose wife, Karen Gordon Mills, served in the Obama Administration. DeRay just happened to stay on the couch of an unnamed Bowdoin alum when he first descended on Ferguson.After graduating from Bowdoin, DeRay worked for the Harlem Children s Zone, run by none other than Bowdoin alums Druckenmiller and Geoffrey Canada. Coincidentally, Geoffrey served on the Open Society Institute s board.Throwback, meeting HCZ's Geoff Canada. pic.twitter.com/ocyw6Yo57q  deray mckesson (@deray) February 16, 2015DeRay also worked for  the movement  linked Teach For America, another radical Soros-funded group.But DeRay s ties to Soros and  community organizing  seemingly date back even further, to McKesson s teen years, at least. Suffice it to say, DeRay has been tied to Soros for more than a decade, through many programs.Perhaps DeRay s long and numerous apparent ties to Soros explain how he was so quickly dispatched to Ferguson, Missouri to take control of the protesters and become the powerfuls  approved and promoted voice on the ground. As DeRay said,  People will come out into the streets to confront a system that is corrupt.  Yet, DeRay seems to be molded, directed, and funded by some of the most powerful men in that very  system.  It looks as if someone may be pulling the strings behind the scenes to foment rage as this astroturf anti-police movement spreads from Ferguson to other points in America.Via: Gateway PunditAND LAST BUT CERTAINLY NOT LEAST...Here s Deray throwing his support behind Hillary on Twitter! What a surprise ",0
21645,(Video) Obama Supporters Sign Petition to NUKE CHINA in Response to Hacking of U.S. Computers!!!,These people will support just about anything Obama says scary stuff!,0
21646,GOLDMAN SACHS CHAIRMAN THINKS UK NEEDS MORE MIGRANTS TO AVOID APPEARANCE OF RACISM…While SHOCKING NEW VIDEO Tells Another Story,"Don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.Goldman Sachs Chairman and UN Special Representative for Migration Peter Sutherland said yesterday that Britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .Shocking footage filmed in the French port town of Calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the United Kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.The clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.Police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside, while others try to pull off an underside panel.A tour guide on the bus from where the footage is being filmed tells passengers,  Don t panic guys, we have locked all of the doors. Try not to panic guys. Passengers are heard gasping in shock, with one commenting,  This is what we ve seen on TV. The migrants are keen to reach the UK because they can exploit the country s generous welfare system and obtain a much higher standard of living than in France, where they are forced to reside in a makeshift tent village in Calais known as  the jungle .Around 2,500 migrants live in the tent village, with most of them coming from Sudan, Eritrea, Libya and Syria.The situation is so dire that a leading haulage group warned earlier this month that freight carriers could suspend supplies going through Calais altogether, causing food shortages and massive price hikes.Donald Armour, International Affairs Manager at the Freight Transport Association, told the Daily Express that the UK supply chain is  in danger of collapsing  as a result of drivers refusing to go through Calais.Last month, Maru International haulage company announced that they were boycotting Calais over fears that  somebody will be killed  by migrants attempting to enter the UK.Via: Info Wars ",0
21647,[VIDEO] YEP…GUN-CONTROL BILL SAID THAT TODAY: “You can’t have people walking around with guns”," You can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president Sunday on CNN s  State of the Union,  former President Bill Clinton told CNN s Jake Tapper that the Baltimore and Ferguson civil unrest is a result of too many,  people walking around with guns  combined with a lack community trust.Clinton said,  The Baltimore thing came on the heels of what happened in Ferguson, what happened in New York City and all these other places. And their is a big national movement about whether the lives of young African-American men count. You can t have people walking around with guns. I used to tell people when we did Bosnia, Kosovo anything like that, you get enough people with weapons around and there will be unattended consequences. Via: Breitbart NewsPerhaps Bill was referring to the  sniper fire  his transparent and honest wife Hillary was able to dodge while visiting Bosnia in 1996:And as an added bonus, this hysterical video that was made to mock this insane lie that Hillary told Americans about her trip to Bosnia (Some images in this video may be disturbing):",0
21648,THIS COMPANY PUTS UP A BILLBOARD THAT FINALLY GETS #BlackLivesMatter RIGHT… WITHOUT THE RACIST CONNOTATION,"Black lives matter but only when white cops are responsible for their deaths. When blacks kill other blacks not so much.  Kudos to the Fred L. Davis Insurance Company for telling the truth about who s really doing the killing in black communities.That s the statement on a billboard in Memphis, Tennessee. However, there s more to it.The full message reads:  Black lives matter. So let s quit killing each other.  It s a statement directed against black-on-black crime.Normally, liberals take umbrage at the idea that somebody might evaluate problems caused within the black community by other blacks because it doesn t suit the narrative. However, the author of this message has a background that will make it difficult for people to attack him like that.Fred Davis is a civil rights activist who reportedly marched with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He s also the man behind the message.  We re going to have to wake up,  Davis said.  We re going to have to say to ourselves that black lives matter, and we re going to have to refrain from killing each other out of our own frustration. I can speak, not from reading a book about the history, because I was a part of the history,  he said.  I think that gives me a license as an experienced observer to push and to advocate to the black community   let s stop it. Fred L. Davis is no stranger to controversy. Here is one of his previous billboards:Via: DownTrend",0
21649,LEFTIST PROF WHO WANTS “Earth Constitution” Will Speak At Vatican Rollout Of Papal Document On Phony ‘Global Warming’,"Why would the Vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the Pope s Papal document on phony  global climate change?  As a Catholic, the news about the Pope s support of these horrible leftists and their radical agenda is heartbreaking. Pray for our nation One of the speakers slated for the Vatican rollout of the long-awaited Papal document on climate change once said the earth is overpopulated by at least 6 billion people.The teaching document, called an encyclical, is scheduled for release on June 18 at Vatican City. Perhaps with the exception of the 1968 encyclical on contraception, no Vatican document has been greeted with such anticipation.The political left is hoping for a document that ties belief in global warming to a religious obligation. Climate skeptics have already started criticizing the document.The choice of Professor John Schnellnhuber, founding director of the Postdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, as one of three presenters may be giving the left added hope and giving giving skeptics severe heartburn. He has been described as one of the more aggressive scientists on the question of man-made global warming.In a talk given to what s described as the  failed  2009 Copenhagen climate conference, reported in the New York Times, Schnellnhuber, who has advised German President Angela Merkel and is a visiting professor at Oxford, said of global warming:  In a very cynical way, it s a triumph for science because at last we have stabilized something  - namely the estimates for the carrying capacity of the planet, namely below 1 billion people. Schnellnhuber is also author of what s called the  two-degree target  that says governments must not allow the temperature to rise more than 2 degrees higher than at the start of the industrial revolution. Any higher, the theory holds, and much life on earth would either perish or be gravely harmed.To deal with climate issues, he has also called for an  Earth Constitution that would transcend the UN Charter  along with the creation of a  Global Council elected by all the people on Earth  and a  Planetary Court..a transnational legal body open to appeals from everybody, especially with respect to violations of the Earth Constitution. Via: Breitbart News",0
21650,HILLARY’S IMMORAL REIGN AS SEC. STATE: U.S. Sold $60 MILLION In Chemical Arms To Clinton Foundation Donors Used To Gas Citizens,"Does anyone care? If Hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? Has America become so conditioned to reading about Clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?The Clinton-run State Department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the Egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from Mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of Clinton family concerns. A group closely associated with the Mubarak government paid Bill Clinton a $250,000 speaking fee in 2010, less than 4 months before the Egyptian revolution began. In 2012, a firm with an ownership stake in the company that manufactured the tear gas reportedly used by Egyptian security forces against the uprising paid $100,000 to $250,000 for another Bill Clinton speech.The approval of American chemical weapons sales to Egypt as Mubarak s associates were stocking Clinton family interests with cash is but one example of a dynamic that prevailed though Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state.Clinton with MubarakDuring the roughly two years of Arab Spring protests that confronted authoritarian governments with popular uprisings, Clinton s State Department approved $66 million worth of so-called Category 14 exports   defined as  toxicological agents, including chemical agents, biological agents and associated equipment    to nine Middle Eastern governments that either donated to the Clinton Foundation or whose affiliated groups paid Bill Clinton speaking fees.That represented a 50 percent overall increase in such export approvals to the same countries over the two years prior to the Arab Spring, according to an International Business Times review of State Department documents. In the same time period, Arab countries that did not donate to the Clinton Foundation saw an overall decrease in their State Department approvals to purchase chemical and biological materials.The reports released by Clinton s state department since 2010 disclose overall export numbers. For instance, in 2010, export authorizations to Egypt s government for chemical and biological agents saw a one-year, 38 percent increase in the lead-up to the revolution against Mubarak s government. That year, the Mubarak-aligned American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt paid Bill Clinton $250,000. Two close Mubarak allies were past presidents of the group, one of whom reportedly was sent to lobby Washington against a proposed resolution that would call on Mubarak to have free and fair elections.In all, in the two years after Bill Clinton was paid by the Mubarak-aligned group   and as uprisings against the Egyptian government swept the country   the Clinton-led State Department backed a 12 percent increase in exports to Egypt in the biological and chemical agents category.Washington   and Clinton specifically   were forced to reverse course on their support for Mubarak after the country  democratically  elected the Muslim Brotherhood s Mohammed Morsi. Egypt s honeymoon with democracy was short-lived however and Morsi, after an ill-fated attempt to grant himself  special  powers, was overthrown in a military coup. He was sentenced to death last month. Clinton with MorsiHere s a bit more color from the IBTimes report Some Clinton Foundation donors from the Middle East did not see an increase in authorizations for toxicological agents during the Arab Spring, but did see big increases earlier, soon after Clinton came into office in 2009.Algeria received just $2,110 worth of State Department authorizations in the chemical and biological weapons category in fiscal 2008. But the next fiscal year   80 percent of which was under Clinton s tenure   the country received more than $6 million worth of such Category 14 authorizations. Five-point-eight million dollars of the authorizations were for items classified as  tear gases and riot control agents.  The next year, the Algerian government gave the Clinton Foundation $500,000. Amid the Arab Spring revolts in 2011, Algerian security forces used tear gas on protesters in the capital. and here s a look at the numbers Via: The awesome Zero Hedge",0
21651,"ILLEGAL ALIENS WHO LIED TO COURT, USED FAKE SS#’s AND COMMITTED FELONIES Are Granted Special Privileges Because They Are Considered “Victims”","You can t make this up! Why are these criminals who illegally entered our country are being given special status? They are not expected to live by the same rules as US citizens and are being fast-tracked to citizenship. Meanwhile, others who are waiting in line to become American citizens and have followed the rule of law would likely be deported for committing the same crimes as these illegals from Mexico and South America.U.S. District Court Judge Sandy Mattice sentenced eight illegal aliens to two years of supervised probation Wednesday morning. The eight were earlier found guilty of illegally entering the United States and of knowingly committing perjury by signing an I-9 form and stating that they were eligible to work in this country.Each had also purchased false and fraudulent documents such as Social Security cards and green cards which they used to gain employment.The light sentences and lack of a deportation order came about due to each of the defendants having earlier been issued a U visa by the Department of Homeland Security, the judge said.Judge Mattice described this type of visa  as for lack of a better word, a reward,  for assisting a U.S. agency prosecute another federal case   in this instance against Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. of Manchester, Tn. Their assistance, which was challenged by Assistant U.S. Attorney Gary Humble as  questionable at least,  was due to their part in a human trafficking case against Durrett Cheese. The case proved to be one that was not prosecutable.According to court documents, the defendants, Luciana Moreno-Lopez, Maria Ramirez-Mendoza, Flora Rivera-Pablo, Teresa Ayala-Rosales, Cirilo Castillo-Amaro, Meremedios Cervantes-Cano, Sarai Contreras-Martinez and Mercedes Eugenio-Gomez were arrested by the Coffee County Sheriff for criminal trespass on Oct. 22, 2007. They were arrested after their employer was unable to pay them and they refused to leave company property until they were paid.Upon their arrest the sheriff determined that they were most likely illegal aliens and then notified Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.ICE contacted the United States Attorney s Office for help in investigating possible human trafficking and other possible violations of federal law. Several of the defendants were interviewed by ICE agents and a representative of the Department of Justice s Human Trafficking Section of the Civil Rights Division. Also participating in the interviews was a representative of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) . The SPLC had made the allegations that the defendants were victims of human trafficking.The court documents state:  Based on the defendants  statements and other investigation, it was obvious that there was no prosecutable human trafficking case.  This was pointed out by prosecutor Humble during sentencing when attorney Clay Whittaker, defense counsel for Ms. Moreno-Lopez, requested probationary sentencing for his client by saying that she had provided and continued to provide the government with assistance.Mr. Humble stated,  The defendants have not provided any reasonable assistance to the government; in fact, they basically refused to implicate anyone (in the company s management hierarchy). Each of the defendants received a sentence of two years supervised probation on each of three counts, to be served concurrently. A special fine of $300 was waived by Judge Mattice in each case based on the defendants  inability to pay.In a previous case involving this matter, former Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. employee, Shanna Ramirez, was convicted of conspiracy to commit social security fraud (count 1); aiding and abetting social security fraud (count 2); and false declarations before the grand jury (counts 4 and 5). She was sentenced on Dec. 23, 2009 by Judge Mattice to 15 months of incarceration. In another related case, Montano-Perez was sentenced on March 1 to two years probation.The SPLC had filed a claim on the defendants  behalf with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) while the defendants had applied for the U visas from the Department of Homeland Security.The eligibility requirements for a U visa or U non-immigrant status are, according to U.S. State Department directives, strict. This status is, in part, a recognition by Congress that a category of non-citizens is so vulnerable that it deserves protection in the form of legal status and a path to citizenship. A U visa holder is entitled to four years of non-immigrant legal status in the U.S. The holder of such a status may apply for permanent status three years after being granted a U visa.U visas are issued to illegal aliens when they have been judged to have been substantially abused and are helpful or willing to help designated agencies, including law enforcement agencies, in the detection, investigation or prosecution of crimes.According to U.S. Code, the purpose of the underlying statute is not to create a blanket amnesty or to legalize everyone who claims victim status. The Act s Congressional purpose is demonstrated in three aspects of the enabling legislation and its history: (1) the U visa as a tool for law enforcement; (2) the U visa as humanitarian relief for those who are helpful to law enforcement; and, (3) the U visa as protection for workers who suffer crimes in the workplace.In their original claims to the EEOC, the defendants, under penalty of perjury, falsely denied committing the crimes for which they had been arrested. According to a brief filed by the U.S. Attorney, they had, in fact, committed these and many other crimes before applying for the visas. The EEOC, based upon their claims, designated each of the defendants a  victim  and informed DHS that their presence was necessary to enable them (EEOC) to conduct an investigation.The EEOC then closed its investigation, but did not notify DHS that the defendants  presence in this country was no longer necessary. When it was not notified by EEOC, DHS moved ahead and granted the U visa status to all eight defendants.It is the U.S. Attorney s Office view that the defendants were not victims of any qualifying crimes or that they have not suffered any substantial abuse   mental of physical because of qualifying criminal activity The U.S. Attorney believes that  the defendants have been able to manipulate the system to achieve legal status, despite their illegal entry and the commission of felony crimes. Via: Chatanoogan.com",0
21652,OBAMA REGIME AGREES TO CUT DEAL WITH IRAN THAT FURTHER THREATENS OUR NATIONAL SECURITY,"Wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? The Obama administration will agree to let Iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks, according to reports.Western officials were quoted as telling the Associated Press on Friday that the United States has given up a major concession to Iran on the military front.While senior U.S. officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry, have long insisted that Iran will immediately have to submit to wide-ranging inspections and disclosures regarding its past nuclear work, the new reports indicate that this demand has been cast aside as world powers work to strike a final deal with the Islamic Republic by the end of June.According to the AP report:After a November 2013 interim accord, the Obama administration said a comprehensive solution  would include resolution of questions concerning the possible military dimension of Iran s nuclear program.  But those questions won t be answered by the June 30 deadline for a final deal, officials said, echoing an assessment by the U.N. nuclear agency s top official earlier this week. Nevertheless, the officials said an accord remains possible. One senior Western official on Thursday described diplomats as  more likely to get a deal than not  over the next three weeks.Via: WFB",0
21653,ARMY THREATENS GREEN BERET WAR HERO WITH COURT MARTIAL For Whistleblowing On Failed Hostage Rescue,"The Army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes, they re too busy with other more pressing issues like ensuring gays are free to come out of the closet and removing any trace of Christianity from our military bases.A Green Beret war hero under investigation for unauthorized communications with Congress will testify on Thursday that the Army is out to court-martial him on criminal charges.Meanwhile, Rep. Duncan Hunter, one of the lawmakers with whom the soldier spoke about Obama administration hostage rescue policies, has asked the Pentagon inspector general to investigate whether the Army is springing allegations against personnel such as the Green Beret as pure retaliation.Lt. Col. Jason Amerine, the Special Forces soldier, is due to testify before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs about what he considers reprisals against him as a whistleblower. After I made protected disclosures to Congress, the Army suspended my clearance, removed me from my job, launched a criminal investigation and deleted my retirement orders with a view to court martial me after I exercised that Constitutional right,  says Col. Amerine, according to partial remarks provided to The Washington Times by Mr. Hunter s office. For nearly five months, I have received no relief from the military and there has been no transparency in their investigation of me. My pay was even stopped briefly after the Army deleted my retirement orders. Mr. Hunter, California Republican and member of the House Armed Services Committee, wrote to Jon T. Rymer, the inspector general, about three soldiers against whom he believed Army Secretary John McHugh retaliated. He asked for an IG investigation into Mr. McHugh s use of the Criminal Investigation Command. Specifically, my concern is that the Army   under the leadership of Secretary of the Army   has used CID for the purpose of influencing actions/outcomes and retaliating against soldiers,  he wrote.He cited three soldiers:  Col. Amerine. The officer worked in a small Army unit at the Pentagon and he devoted himself to developing policies to gain the release of Americans held by Islamic extremists. He came to believe the administration s hostage policies were in disarray and told Mr. Hunter. The congressman proposed legislation to create a hostage coordinator to work with the various agencies involved, such as the FBI, Pentagon and State Department.  Maj. Matt Golsteyn. Also a Green Beret, Maj. Golsteyn saw his valor awards and Special Forces tab stripped by Secretary McHugh. The officer was accused of killing a Taliban bomb-maker, but was never officially charged. He faces a board of inquiry hearing.  Sgt. First Class Earl Plumlee. Sgt. Plumlee was nominated for the Medal of Honor, the nation s highest military award, for repelling an attack on a base in Afghanistan and saving lives. The MOH was endorsed by top commanders, including Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But Mr. McHugh downgraded the award to a Silver Star. Mr. Hunter said it was based on a  questionable CID investigation. Col. Amerine already has filed a whistleblower retaliation complaint with the IG. The Army probe began after the FBI complained that Col. Amerine was providing information to Congress. I have personally met with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the developments leading up to the Army investigation,  Mr. Hunter told Mr. Rymer.  An investigation, I firmly believe, was not warranted, but continues to be unjustifiably delayed. Col. Amerine holds a special place in the history of the Afghanistan war. He led a joint Green Beret-Afghan team in the 2001 invasion, and fought along side Hamid Karzai, the future president.An Army spokesman has said,  As a matter of policy, we do not confirm the names of individuals who may or may not be under investigation to protect the integrity of a possible ongoing investigation, as well as the privacy rights of all involved. However, I note that both the law and Army policy would prohibit initiating an investigation based solely on a Soldier s protected communications with.Via: Washington Times ",0
21654,AIR FORCE WILL EASE POLICY ON DISCHARGING TRANSGENDERS,"As a side note, I m just curious when did the world agree to forfeit the rainbow (a sign from God to Noah that he would never again flood the earth) as the official symbol for the gay community?The Air Force announced policy changes Thursday that will make it more difficult to discharge transgender troops, a move that mirrors one made in March by the Army and puts the Pentagon a step closer to allowing transgender people to serve openly.Troops diagnosed with gender dysphoria or who identify as transgender are generally discharged from serving, based on medical grounds. Those decisions have been made by doctors and unit commanders. The new Air Force policy requires those decisions to be reviewed by high-level officials at Air Force headquarters. Though the Air Force policy regarding involuntary separation of gender dysphoric Airmen has not changed, the elevation of decision authority to the Director, Air Force Review Boards Agency, ensures the ability to consistently apply the existing policy,  Daniel Sitterly, a top Air Force personnel official, said in a statement.The Air Force and Army moves follow a number of statements from top Pentagon officials about dismantling the policy allowing transgender troops to be kicked out of the services. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said this year in response to a question about transgender service that ability to perform military tasks should be the standard for eligibility.Air Force Secretary Deborah James expressed openness to allowing transgender troops to serve. From my point of view, anyone who is capable of accomplishing the job should be able to serve,  James told USA TODAY.  And so I wouldn t be surprised if this doesn t come under review. Via: USA Today",0
21655,THE STATE THAT GETS MORE REFUGEES THAN ANY OTHER IN AMERICA MAY SURPRISE YOU,"Here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue In Fiscal year 2014, Texas resettled 7,234 refugees. However, that doesn t tell the whole story because according to the Texas Dept. of State Health Services (an excellent source of information on refugees in Texas), the actual number of migrants legally being treated as refugees last year was really 12,800 (up 24% from the previous year!).The website also tells you which counties got the most refugees.The 12,800 includes refugees, asylees, parolees, special immigrant visa holders (these are Afghans and Iraqis), and victims of trafficking.They hailed from 58 countries (therefore Texas taxpayers are on the hook for many expensive translators gratis a Bill Clinton executive order for all sorts of reasons access to health care, school system problems and the criminal justice system).When I went to several different sources, I find that over 150,000 refugees have been resettled in Texas since 1983, and that number doesn t include secondary migrants from other states (Dallas County got the most secondary migrants last year 60% of all those arriving in Texas).And, of course, it doesn t include all of the children produced in three decades! Nor does it include the thousands of  unaccompanied alien children  that may not have been distributed around the nation from last year s border invasion. Obama would like nothing more than to have them declared  refugees  as well (refugees get all forms of welfare upon arrival!).The top resettlement cities in Texas are (resettlement is not limited to these sites, dozens and dozens of smaller cities and towns are receiving refugees):AbileneAmarilloAustinCorpus ChristiDallasEl PasoFort WorthHoustonSan AntonioFor new readers, you might want to have a look at our archive on Amarillo which has developed into a  pocket of resistance  as the mayor there has asked the federal government to slow the flow since the school system is suffering with the influx of non-English speaking children many of whom are illiterate in their own language. The meatpacking industry is responsible for much of the resettlement to Amarillo (hunger for cheap labor!).The top nations from which Texas received refugees in 2014 were in this order: Iraq, Cuba, Burma, Afghanistan, and tied for 5th place Somalia and Bhutan(Nepal).So when did Texas move into the number one spot in the nation?For years and years other states ranked above Texas including California, New York and Florida. According to this very cool graph (above right), it was in 2011 that Texas gained this dubious distinction.And, if you are wondering why the number dipped in 2011, this is why: That year it was learned that Iraqi terrorists disguised as refugees were arrested in Kentucky. Turns out the pair had lied (can you believe it, they lied!) on their refugee application and it was only when they were found to be planning on helping Al-Qaeda in Iraq was it discovered that one of them had left fingerprints on an IED shard that was warehoused by the US military. The shard came from an IED that had killed Pennsylvania National Guard troops. They are in prison for life.The arrest threw the Refugee Admissions Program of the US State Department into chaos because they had to re-screen thousands and thousands of Iraqis headed to America. Iraqis make up the largest ethnic group we are admitting to America now at a rate of about 20,000 a year. The majority are Muslims (both Shiites and Sunnis as we import their centuries old squabble to your towns!).IT S PROBABLY NO ACCIDENT THAT BARACK OBAMA GAVE THE  Teacher of the year  award to Shanna Peoples,  A high school English teacher from Amarillo, Texas, who works with refugees:In order to question this 35-year-old legal immigration program, you must first get the facts!* Read our Fact Sheet, here. Open and read all the links in this post!* Go to the Texas Department of State Health Services website and learn all you can about the refugees coming to Texas. Don t miss the stats on their health conditions (refugees are admitted with TB, HepB, HIV and parasites).* You have a State Refugee Coordinator and her name is Caitriona Lyons (she is Irish, btw), call her and ask her to direct you to the Texas refugee plan. Here is a description of the plan and the legal requirement that every state have one (and they must keep it current). Ask her to direct you to it and read it!Remember in Texas your governor does have a say in what happens with refugee resettlement! Where has he been?Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
21656,"[VIDEO] FAIRFAX, VA BOARD VOTES TO TEACH STUDENTS GRADES K- 8 ABOUT GENDER IDENTITY AND GAY MARRIAGE In A Way Parents Cannot Opt out","Fairfax, VA Public Schools are not unique in their desire to force a deviant sexual agenda on our children.  Why is the left so hell-bent on destroying the innocence of our youth?Public schools in Fairfax County, Virginia, are preparing to include gender identity in its curriculum, despite objections from parents.The district s Family Life Education (FLE) lessons will include teachings on heterosexual, homosexual, and bisexual, and transgender identity. The school board voted in May to add gender identity to the list.The move has angered many parents over what they see as forcing them to expose their children to issues that are not even part of state requirements. Starting in kindergarten, students will be taught about same-sex or gay marriage and the parents will not be able to opt out,  Andrea Lafferty, president of the Traditional Values Coalition, told CBN News.Fairfax County Public Schools wrote a letter to parents in response to misperceptions about the new curriculum. Most sections in the FLECAC committee s report have been a part of the curriculum in past years, with the difference being that many of the instructional objectives now meet the Virginia Dept. of Education s (VDOE) general Health Standards of Learning,  the board wrote. As-such (they) no longer have an opt-out option. These topics include conflict resolution skills, respecting individual differences such as disabilities, ethnicities and cultures and mental health areas,  they wrote.Lafferty said students in 8th grade will be discussing President Bill Clinton s  activity, along with oral and anal.  Fourth graders will receive instruction about incest, she said. One of the big issues is in Virginia parents can opt their children out of certain parts of the Family Life Education. And so now what they re doing is trying to move parts of it from FLE to Health, which means parents cannot opt their children out,  she said.Some parents are outraged that the proposed lessons are not even required by law but they are still being forced upon them. It s not a part of the state law, it s not a part of the state school board instruction, but they ve decided to add it against the will of many of the parents. We are very concerned that they are doing it here in Fairfax County and perhaps other places without the parents  knowledge or consent,  Lafferty said. It s just bizarre. They want to force this on the kids in Fairfax County when in fact it s not a part of SOLs or the required education,  Lafferty added.Via: CBN News",0
21657,PARENTS JAILED AND KIDS TAKEN AWAY FOR 90 MINUTE DELAY IN GETTING HOME TO 11-YEAR OLD,"This is so over the top it s not funny. I m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? Held overnight in jail? Does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?If this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting Free-Range legislation would be a great, vote-getting platform   I m not sure what will. I got this letter a week ago and was waiting for the mom s permission to run it. Got it. Boldface mine:My children are not free range children. The younger one has always had a baby sitter. The older one who just turned 11 a couple of weeks ago always had a baby sitter as well. This school year that changed. The eleven year old comes home and is met by his dad who lets him in the house. In the event dad isn t here on time, his instructions are to wait in the backyard until I come home about 20 minutes later.On this particular day, a little more than a month ago, both dad and I were both running late due bad traffic and rain. We were about and hour and a half late. When we arrived the police had been anonymously called and we were arrested for child neglect.We still do not have our children, we are fighting for our own freedom and due to the nature of my employment I am no longer employed. My son was in his own yard playing basketball, not in the street or at the park. The authorities claim he had no access to water or shelter. We have an open shed in the back yard and 2 working sinks and 2 hoses. They said he had no food. He ate his snacks already. He had no bathroom, but the responding officer found our yard good enough to relieve himself in while our son sat in a police car alone. In his own yard, in a state, Florida, that has no minimum age for children to be alone. If you have any advice for what I should do I will accept it.The advice I gave was to contact The National Association of Parents, which fights for the rights of parents (including the Meitivs) to raise their kids without government interference, except in cases of clear and convincing evidence of actual or imminent harm. That threshhold is a far cry from whatever horrors are visited upon tweens playing basketball while waiting for their parents to get home. (To support the Association of Parents with a donation, go here.)Then on Friday, the mom wrote back:I just wanted to give you an update. Our sons were returned to us on Tuesday/Wednesday in the children s court/DCF with adjudication withheld. However the criminal prosecutor is not dropping the charges as of today. We have to appear in the criminal court on June 11th to put in our plea. I would love to speak to someone however due to my job (which is still on the line) I don t know if it will make it better or worse. I am a state and county employee with the school system and I was made to sign a paper stating I would not speak with teachers parents or students regarding the matter.That being said, it is possible this mom will never talk publicly about this case. Even so, WE should talk about it. It is time to rein in the power of the state to turn parents into criminals simply because they are imperfect.Perfection is impossible in this world, and if the government is allowed to hound a family whose plans got mildly screwed up, it can hound every single one of us.Via: Free Range Kids",0
21658,WHO NEEDS NANCY PELOSI WHEN CONGRESS HAS PAUL RYAN: “It’s [Obamatrade deal] declassified and made public once it’s agreed to”,"Why do we even need a Congress anymore? We have a King, and it appears the majority his council are there at his behest. In fact, why do we even need a Constitution or elections? Chief Obamatrade proponent House Ways and Means Committee chairman Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) admitted during Congressional testimony on Wednesday evening that despite tons of claims from him and other Obamatrade supporters to the contrary, the process is highly secretive.He also made a gaffe in his House Rules Committee testimony on par with former Speaker Rep. Nancy Pelosi s (D-CA) push to pass Obamacare, in which she said infamously said:  we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it. It s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said of Obamatrade in Rules Committee testimony on Wednesday during questioning from Rep. Michael Burgess (R-TX).What Ryan is trying to convince House Republicans to do is vote for Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) which would fast-track at least three highly secretive trade deals specifically the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA), and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP) and potentially more deals.Right now, TiSA and T-TIP text are completely secretive and unavailable for even members of Congress to read while TPP text is available for members to review although they need to go to a secret room inside the Capitol where only members of Congress and certain staffers high-level security clearances, who can only go when members are present, can read the bill.Ryan s exchange in which he made this gaffe came as Burgess, who opposes Obamatrade, and Rules Committee chairman Rep. Pete Sessions (R-TX)65% , who stands with Ryan supporting it, were discussing the secrecy of the deal with him. It came right after an incredible exchange where Ryan attempted a ploy to try to save immigration provisions contained within the Obamatrade package as a whole specifically TiSA that were exposed by Breitbart News earlier on Wednesday, a problem for which he put forward a phony non-solution designed to get more votes for his Obamatrade agenda but not stop the immigration provisions. I would like to add and I stated this up front, that the gentleman Mr. Ryan worked well with not only myself but other members to address specific ideas, concerns, issues and you have done an outstanding job to make sure instead of saying,  well that s not a problem, no I m not going to get into that,  you ve bent over backwards Mr. Ryan,  Sessions said. I ve watched you do this and working with us, whether it be a request from the United States Senate that was done on a bipartisan basis or whether it be one of our members, we have tried to work with those things. This, Dr. Burgess, this is why I can tout this agreement because we ve tried to go in whether it s the areas that I ve talked about foreign policy, dispute resolution, climate change, sovereignty, immigration, currency, transparency, fast-track, presidential power and more that haven t previously been addressed we ve tried to thoughtfully articulate a good answer and Mr. Ryan has done that most favorably and I think his articulation today is evidence of his knowledge of those parameters therein. After Sessions  pitch, Burgess jumped back in to make another point. And I appreciate all of that but again, you read through this language down in the secret room and I welcome the day when people can read it  Burgess said, before Ryan cut him off. By the way, TPA it s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said.What Ryan is technically referring to is that TPP will become public if TPA is agreed to but Congress will lose much of its ability to have oversight over and influence on the process, since TPP is, in many respects, already negotiated. It s 800 pages long, and on fast-track, Congress will only get an up-or-down vote and won t be able to offer amendments. The Senate vote threshold also drops down to a simple majority rather than normally having a 60-vote threshold, or in the case of treaties, a 67-vote threshold.Burgess then moved forward with his point. But this is really tough sledding and it s not an area where I have a lot of familiarity and I m sorry,  Burgess said.  The language as its written looks to me as if it is something that could be exploited. I appreciate all the safeguards you ve tried to put in place. And with this administration you can leave no stone unturned as far as putting in safeguards but I m not convinced that we again I can t get into the specifics of what I ve read because of the agreement that I signed downstairs but it concerns me and I ll just leave it at that and I ll yield back. Sessions then jumped in to say he and Ryan are available to answer any questions about this matter whenever anyone wants yet Sessions  committee staff is publicly refusing to answer any detailed questions from Breitbart News on Obamatrade at this time. I thank the gentleman,  Sessions said..  In fact the gentleman, Mr. Levin is correct there will be some changes that have to go back to the United States Senate but I would like to say with great confidence to my dear friend the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, that if you still have reservations from your reading of anything I would encourage you to engage the gentleman Mr. Ryan or myself, Dr. Burgess, any time you d like. I m available. Mr. Ryan s available. We ve made ourselves available with specifics on the same level. Burgess noted how the process seeking fast-track in the Bush administration was much more transparent than it is now. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I promised to be on my best behavior today and I am really trying it took a long time for me to even be able to see the agreement down in the secret room even though I was willing to sign the release that said I wouldn t talk about it. It took me a long time to get an audience with the U.S. Trade Representative,  Burgess said.  It should not have done that. Ten years ago we did CAFTA [Central American Free Trade Agreement], Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH)56% was in my office he lived there. I couldn t get rid of him. This time, I couldn t get a it was an act of Congress literally to get him to come and talk to my subcommittee on Energy and Commerce, which is the subcommittee of Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade. That s how difficult this has been, so please I thank you for the work you ve done in trying to make this an open and fair process but my confidence in this administration has been and remains at an all time low and I appreciate what we ve heard today but I can t tell you that I m mollified by Ryan then interrupted Burgess again to argue that his concerns over the secrecy are why Republicans should relent and support Obamatrade. All I would say is all the more reason to pass TPA,  Ryan said.  First of all, yes this administration is different and I can jump on the bash bandwagon better than anybody else as far as how they conduct themselves. Via: Matthew Boyle  Breitbart News",0
21659,[Video] AWESOME: TEXAS MOM FRUSTRATED BY MCKINNEY POOL INCIDENT Tells Parents To Teach Kids To Respect Authority,Here s a mom who knows how to raise her children ,0
21660,FRANKLIN GRAHAM PULLING HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS FROM BANK USING TV AD [Video] TO PROMOTE GAY MARRIAGE AND ADOPTION,"The left shouldn t be offended by Graham s decision to do his banking elsewhere since they re all about defending  choice Franklin Graham is calling on Christians to boycott corporations that feature same-sex relationships in their commercials. And he says he ll do his part by moving all the bank accounts for his two ministries out of Wells Fargo because of its ad featuring a lesbian couple. This is one way we as Christians can speak out   we have the power of choice,  Graham wrote on Facebook over the weekend.  Let s just stop doing business with those who promote sin and stand against Almighty God s laws and His standards. Maybe if enough of us do this, it will get their attention. Reached Monday, a spokesperson for Wells Fargo said the bank has proudly supported the LGBT community for a long time   a commitment echoed by the ad. At Wells Fargo, serving every customer is core to our vision and values,  said Christina Kolbjornsen.  Diversity and inclusion are foundational to who we are as a company. Our advertising content reflects our company s values and represents the diversity of the communities we serve. Wells Fargo, based in San Francisco, has its largest employee base in the Charlotte area.During an interview Monday, Graham   the CEO of both the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association in Charlotte and Samaritan s Purse in Boone   said he was not targeting companies that hire or serve gay and lesbian customers.  There s lots of businesses out there that do business with gay people,  he said.  That s fine. He wants Christians to stop giving their money to businesses, such as Wells Fargo and Tiffany jewelers,  that use shareholders  advertising dollars to promote homosexuality.   It s promoting a godless lifestyle.   A bank should be promoting the best interest rates they re going to give me and what they can do for me as a business. But they should not be trying to get into a moral debate and take sides. Graham specifically objected to a Wells Fargo TV and online ad that features a lesbian couple learning sign language for their adopted daughter.  Hello, beautiful,  the couple in the ad tell the little girl in sign language.  We re going to be your new mommies. Stirring up conservativesGroups representing gays and lesbians charged that Graham was trying to stir up conservative Christians in anticipation of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that could legalize same-sex marriage nationally.Graham  is on the quickly losing side of moral history,  said Chris Sgro, executive director of Equality NC, a statewide LGBT rights group based in Raleigh.  The business community knows these ads are good for business and good for making North Carolina a welcoming state. They are only going to increase, not decrease. Graham said in Monday s interview with the Observer that a decision has been made about which bank will get the accounts the BGEA and Samaritan s Purse are moving from Wells Fargo. Based on their own reports, the accounts could total in the hundreds of millions of dollars.Asked whether he would identify the chosen bank, Graham said:  Not today because I haven t talked to that bank and I m not sure they want to be part of your story. Charlotte-based Bank of America has not yet made commercials featuring same-sex couples, but it has run same-sex ads in programs for some events as well as in LGBT publications. Would that be enough for Graham to rule out Bank of America for the accounts leaving Wells Fargo? I m not going to answer that question,  Graham said.Bank of America spokeswoman Anne Pace declined to comment Monday.For now, Graham said, the closing of the Wells Fargo accounts is  in the works. To close these accounts, it may take 30 days. The BGEA, started by Graham s famous evangelist father, spreads the Gospel via worldwide crusades and Charlotte s Billy Graham Library. In 2014, it received contributions and other income totaling $107.7 million, according to the BGEA s most recent ministry report.Samaritan s Purse, a Christian charity that helps people cope with natural disasters, had contributions and grants in 2013   the most recent report available   that totaled $460 million.Tough questions for banksBanks would usually line up for those kinds of deposits. But Ken Thomas, a Miami-based independent bank consultant and economist, said the bank that receives Graham s bank accounts will have to answer some tough questions. The bank that takes this account will be in a higher visibility position because you re going to ask them,  What do you think of that ad?    And they will face some potential reputation risk. Banks, Thomas said,  don t like controversy, and they don t like reputation risk. Whichever bank receives these accounts will have to combat the perception that they stand counter to the ideals of Wells Fargo. To take your money out of one of the best-run banks in America, and for another bank to accept an account that came out of Wells Fargo, some people might ask questions like,  Does your bank not agree with Wells Fargo?  Thomas said.Corporate America has increasingly come to the defense of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. Governors and legislatures in Republican-leaning states such as Indiana and Arkansas retreated this year from legislation that would have permitted people to decline services to gays and lesbians for religious reasons. The reason: corporations in those states opposed the measures as discriminatory against the LGBT community.In North Carolina, a similar bill went nowhere after it was opposed by GOP Gov. Pat McCrory and legislative leaders in Raleigh.Leaders of Charlotte s big banks played a visible role going back to the late 1990s on issues involving sexual orientation.Ed Crutchfield s First Union, now part of Wells Fargo, and Hugh McColl s NationsBank, now Bank of America, amended their policies to state that no employee will be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation. At that time, many other large companies in the area didn t use such specific language.Also, in the 1998 merger of NationsBank and San Francisco s BankAmerica, which had domestic partner benefits, the combined lender agreed to extend the benefits to NationsBank s employees.Graham said in the Observer interview that he plans to compile and publicize a list of companies that feature same-sex couples in their advertising.  I want people to know,  he said.In his Facebook post, Graham singled out another company   Tiffany & Co., which sells jewelry   for advertising wedding rings for gay couples. There are plenty of other jewelry stores,  Graham wrote.Two others that have featured same-sex couples in their ads: Cheerios and Allstate.Impact unknownIt s too early to determine whether Graham s call for a boycott will have much impact.As of Monday afternoon, more than 93,000 people had approved of Graham s Facebook message by clicking  Like.  More than 41,000 people had shared his message with their own Facebook friends.But Graham s call to  fight the moral decay that is being crammed down our throats by big business  also brought negative reactions on Facebook. In my opinion, moral decay is using the pulpit to spread bigotry and hate,  wrote one Facebook commenter, who then alluded to Jesus  teachings in the New Testament.  Perhaps you should take some time and chip away at that block of wood sticking out of your own eye. On Twitter, where Graham also announced that  we re moving all the @BGEA bank accounts from @WellsFargo to another bank,  he got some supportive tweets. Via: Charlotte Observer",0
21661,MARINE VET HAS ‘NO REGRETS’ OVER JAIL TIME For “Spilling’ Coffee On These Disgusting Protestors,"It would be a real shame if that hot coffee was made by some horrible war-mongering veteran or evil gay person .A Marine veteran who  spilled  coffee on Westboro Baptist Church protesters last weekend admits he lost his temper, but says defending the U.S. flag is worth possible jail time. So many people have died in defense of that flag. I don t care who you are, you are not going to disrespect the flag. And if I have to go to jail to defend that flag, I m going to do it,  said Richard Pierce, 64, The News Journal of Delaware reported Wednesday.The veteran was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct after the June 6 incident. He has a July 20 hearing in the Court of Common Pleas, the newspaper reported.Mr. Pierce, who served in Vietnam, said he wasn t expecting to cause trouble on Saturday while watching the presidential motorcade for Vice President Joseph R. Biden s son head for Wilmington. The funeral for 46-year-old Beau Biden, who died after a two-year fight with brain cancer, was held at St. Anthony of Padua Catholic Church. When I saw the young lady walking across the highway, dragging our flag under her feet, I lost my temper and the only way that I could demonstrate that is spill my coffee on them,  Mr. Pierce said, the newspaper reported.The Marine veteran s coffee soaked two of the three members who picketed the motorcade with anti-U.S. and anti-gay signs.Via: Washington Times",0
21662,MARCO RUBIO IS CALLED IRRESPONSIBLE FOR BUYING A FISHING BOAT…Hillary Buys A Mansion In NY To Run For Senate…Crickets,"Before we explore the actual details of Marco Rubio s  extravagant purchase,  let s take a look at the brilliant tweet by Bill Sanderson, pointing out the hypocrisy of the left by comparing Marco Rubio s family home to Hillary s:https://twitter.com/mrgeology/status/608344761758568448After doing a deep dive on the Rubio s traffic violation history last week (just kidding, it wasn t a deep dive but instead information handed over by the far left American Bridge), the New York Times is back for more publishing of American Bridge material. This time, the NYT is letting everyone know just how broke the Rubio s were when they were young(er), just like everyone else in America. Oh, and that he s had trouble with his finances like every other person in America. And, he likes fun toys like any good man in America.For years, Senator Marco Rubio struggled under the weight of student debt, mortgages and an extra loan against the value of his home totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars. But in 2012, financial salvation seemed to have arrived: A publisher paid him $800,000 to write a book about growing up as the son of Cuban immigrants.In speeches, Mr. Rubio, a Florida Republican, spoke of his prudent plan for using the cash to finally pay off his law school loans, expressing relief that he no longer owed  a lady named Sallie Mae,  as he once called the lender. Oh, and guess what guys? Marco Rubio had the nerve to buy a speed boat in Florida. How irresponsible. UPDATE: It was a fishing boat for his family, not an  extravagant   luxury speedboat  as the NYT claims.But at the same time, he splurged on an extravagant purchase: $80,000 for a luxury speedboat, state records show. At the time, Mr. Rubio confided to a friend that it was a potentially inadvisable outlay that he could not resist. The 24-foot boat, he said, fulfilled a dream.Here s a photo of the boat, and no, that isn t Rubio driving the boat.This is so ridiculous I m actually laughing at my computer right now. Rubio had student loan debt? Yeah, so? A lot of people do. The Rubios had trouble balancing their spending? Who doesn t? Rubio took out a loan on his home to make ends meet? Good for him, lots of people do. He was paid a hefty amount of money to write a book about his upbringing that he used to pay off debt? Even better. He had more than one home now? Cool, wish I did too. He spent $80,000 on a speed fishing boat in ocean surrounded Florida after paying off his debt? How could he?!Marco Rubio and his family are normal people chasing the American Dream and that scares the hell out of  dead broke so we could pay mortgages  Hillary Clinton supporters. The different between Rubio and Clinton is that Rubio embraces success and policies that allow every American to own multiple homes and a speed boat someday. Clinton, however, relishes in wealth instead of encouraging Americans to become wealthy themselves to live the good life. According to Clinton, not everyone can be queen.Via: Townhall",0
21663,Police Commissioner Explains Why It’s Hard To Hire Black Cops In NYC,"It sounds like a perfectly legitimate reason it s likley NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton has claimed it is hard to hire more black cops because  so many of them  have spent time in jail. We have a significant population gap among African American males because so many of them have spent time in jail,  he told The Guardian.  And, as such, we can t hire them. Partially to blame for the pool of eligible officers that is  much smaller than it might ordinarily have been  is the NPYD s controversial stop and frisk policy that was shut down in 2013, said Bratton.The NPYD commissioner said stop and frisk had  unfortunate consequences  as it resulted in a number of young black men receiving summons for minor misdemeanors.Stop and frisk, which allowed police to question and potentially search someone if they had so-called  reasonable suspicion  that person was committing an offense, was ruled unconstitutional in August 2013 by Judge Shira A Scheindlin.Scheindlin said the program was a violation of both black and Hispanic people s right to equal protection, as they were being stopped at much higher rates than those who were white.Both demographics made up 84 percent of the people who were stopped by officers using the policy, according to a report by the Public Advocate s office and cited by the Washington Post.Fifty-three percent of that figure was made up of black people.Black recruits made up only 6.86 percent of this year s police academy, according to another Guardian report, in a city where they represent 22 percent of the population.The NYPD stopped supporting the policy when Bratton returned as commissioner in 2014, after serving in Los Angeles.But he continued to defend a policy he had New York adopt in the early 1990s, dubbed broken windows, which some of his critics say is where the the real blame should lay.Robert Gangi, the director of the Police Reform Organizing Project in New York, said stop and frisk was not at the heart of the problem but a symptom of broken windows   blatant racist policing .Via:UK Daily Mail ",0
21664,SHOULD THIS RACIST GIRL BE FIRED FOR BEHAVING LIKE OUR FIRST LADY?,"Perhaps this young girl aspires to be the First Lady someday. Is it really fair to fire her for making racist remarks on social media when our  President  and First Lady have been on a  hate/blame the white man  media tour since they entered the White House? Meet Illinois resident Shana Poohpooh Latrice, a Brookfield Zoo employee who made the mistake of sharing an Instagram photo on Facebook with the caption,  At work serving these rude ass white people :She made the even bigger mistake of tagging the photo as having been taken at the zoo.As a result, Brookfield Zoo got bombarded with a litany of complaints from pissed-off zoo visitors who found her comments to be  clearly hateful and racist. Some even demanded that Latrice be fired for her mistake, and judging by what spokeswoman Sondra Katzen told reporters, that s exactly what s going to happen. This employee s statements in social media are in violation of our policies and do not reflect our institution s values,  she said.  We have zero tolerance for these kinds of divisive behaviors. We treat all employment matters confidentially, but rest assured that we have taken prompt action to remedy the situation. Via: DownTrend ",0
21665,LEFTIST BON JOVI TO PLAY FUNDRAISER FOR HILLARY’S ‘Everyday People’ With Tickets Only One-Percenters Can Afford,"It s almost like Hillary s not really that interested in the  everyday people after all  except of course, when it comes to voting Hillary Clinton is coming to New Jersey this month to raise money for her presidential campaign with Jon Bon Jovi.According to an invitation posted on her campaign s website, the June 29  Evening with Hillary  will be hosted by the rock star and his wife, Dorothea. Bon Jovi will perform.Prices for the fundraiser range from $1,000 for open seating to $2,700 priority seating. The campaign is only divulging the location to those who RSVP. Bon Jovi lives in Monmouth County. This is Clinton s first fundraiser in New Jersey since kicking off her presidential campaign in April.Via: NJ.comJon Bon Jovi is no stranger to fundraising for Hillary. In 2009, he hosted a  Debt Relief  fundraiser to help poor  dead broke  Hillary get out of her $13 million debt following her failed 2008 Presidential bid. ",0
21666,AMAZING! JUDGE LYNN TOLER ON THE DEFINITION OF MANHOOD,Amen! This judge brings it to this man and it s amazing! Love this!,0
21667,INFINITE ARROGANCE: Obama Doesn’t Think The Supreme Court Should Have Taken Up Obamacare Challenge,"With an Imperial President who believes he is above the law, is there even a need for a Supreme court?On Monday, President Barack Obama said the Supreme Court should not have taken up the challenge to the Affordable Care Act in King v. Burwell. This should be an easy case. Frankly, it probably should not even have been taken up,  Obama said during a press conference at the G-7 summit in Germany.When asked whether the administration had a  plan B,  in the event that the Supreme Court strikes down subsidies in states that do not run their own health insurance exchanges, Obama said there are no easy solutions. You have a model where all the pieces connect,  he said.  And there are a whole bunch of scenarios   not just with relation to health care but all kinds of stuff I do   where if somebody does something that does not make any sense, it is hard to fix. This would be hard to fix. The president called the legal challenge  bizarre  in light of the law s successful implementation. What s more the thing s working,  Obama said.  Part of what is bizarre about the whole thing is that we have not had a lot of conversation about the horrors of Obamacare because none of them have come to pass. The Supreme Court will announce a ruling this month on whether the Affordable Care Act s designation of an  exchange established by the state  means that the law can only provide subsidies to individuals in states that run their own exchanges. If the court rules in favor of a narrow interpretation of that provision of the law, 6.4 million people in 34 states will lose their subsidies, leaving many unable to afford insurance.Via: Huffington Post",0
21668,NO “Dead broke” LESBIANS ALLOWED…,"Hillary heads to DC for an exclusive fundraiser hosted by  one-percenter lesbians Hillary Clinton will be in Washington, D.C., on Monday night for a fundraiser hosted by and attended by predominantly lesbian supporters.About 120 people are expected to attend the event, which is being billed as  an intimate fundraiser  at the Woman s National Democratic Club. The cost to attend is $2,700 per person. For the more generous, those willing to bundle $27,000 ahead of the event also get to attend a special reception with Clinton.The event is being hosted by Claire Lucas and her partner, Judy Dlugacz, who founded a travel company called Olivia, which sells cruises targeting the lesbian community. Lucas told The Huffington Post that she and Dlugacz decided a couple of weeks ago that they wanted to do something to support Clinton s presidential run, so they started reaching out to their network of contacts to gauge interest. The result is Monday s event, which Lucas estimates will be about 75 percent lesbian attendees from around the country. That s atypical for an LGBT political fundraiser, which are by and large organized and attended by gay men. We had such a big group of people wanting to attend,  said Lucas, who acknowledged it is  unusual  that the event will have such a strong lesbian presence.The Clinton event lands just as President Barack Obama has declared June as LGBT Pride Month, something he has done for several years. There are two other Pride-related fundraising events for Clinton s campaign in D.C. this week, though she is not expected to attend them.The first, on June 10, is being hosted by gay Democratic activist Lane Hudson at the Howard Theater. The second one, on June 11, is being hosted by LGBT supporters at Lost Society. That event will include appearances by Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), the first openly lesbian U.S. senator, and four other openly gay members of Congress: Reps. Jared Polis (D-Colo.), David Cicilline (D-R.I.), Sean Patrick Maloney (D-N.Y.) and Mark Takano (D-Calif.).Clinton is a vocal supporter of LGBT rights and featured a gay couple in the campaign kick-off video she used in April to announce her presidential run. That couple later invited Clinton to their wedding.Via: Huffington Post",0
21669,[VIDEO] WHAT JERRY SEINFELD HAS TO SAY ABOUT OVERLY PC COLLEGE KIDS WILL MAKE THE LEFT CRAZY,"Kids Just Want To Use Words  That s racist, that s sexist.  They don t even know what they re talking about Like Chris Rock and Larry the Cable Guy, Jerry Seinfeld avoids doing shows on college campuses. And while talking with ESPN s Colin Cowherd on Thursday, the comedian revealed why: College kids today are too politically correct. I hear that all the time,  Seinfeld said on The Herd with Colin Cowherd.  I don t play colleges, but I hear a lot of people tell me,  Don t go near colleges. They re so PC. Seinfeld says teens and college-aged kids don t understand what it means to throw around certain politically-correct terms.  They just want to use these words:  That s racist;   That s sexist;   That s prejudice,  he said.  They don t know what the f k they re talking about. The funnyman went on to recount a conversation he and his wife had with their 14-year-old daughter, which he believes proved his point. My wife says to her,  Well, you know, in the next couple years, I think maybe you re going to want to be hanging around the city more on the weekends, so you can see boys,  Seinfeld recalled.  You know what my daughter says? She says,  That s sexist. https://youtu.be/zP769IdU_YECowherd pointed out the flack comedian Louis C.K. received after his controversial appearance on Saturday Night Live last month, further proving Seinfeld s point. Louis  great gift is that he doesn t worry, he just does his thing,  he said. And Seinfeld s not scared to make his point, either:  If I wanted to say something, I would say it. But for now, Seinfeld will stick to covering the topics he can feels he can make humorous, PC or not.  I talk about the subjects I talk about because for some reason I can make them funny,  he said.  The ones I can t make funny, you don t hear. Via: Entertainment Weekly",0
21670,SHARPTON SHAKES DOWN PASTORS FOR DONATIONS AT MEMORIAL FOR BLACK YOUTHS: Black Pastor Calls Sharpton A “Pimp”,"Hey Al  Why don t you try going into the neighborhoods of Chicago and ask the residents to contribute to your worthless charity? Everyone knows  Shakedown Al does nothing to help the hundreds of young black men who are killed by other black youths every year. It s all about the contributions to Al and his worthless  charity At a Hartford, Connecticut rally supposedly called to protest five homicides of young people in the city over the past two weeks   four of them shootings   Rev. Al Sharpton was challenged Saturday by a black pastor for asking every preacher present to donate $100 to Sharpton s civil rights organization, National Action Network (NAN). I want to be here to see a memorial for the young people that have died,  said Sharpton at Shiloh Baptist Church, according to CT News Junkie.  I want the names and their stories up so children can see they don t want to be on that wall. Pastor Marcus Mosiah Jarvis of Christ the Cornerstone Praise and Western Tabernacle, however, shouted at Sharpton as he strode down the center aisle of the crowded church,  How dare you ask the people of Hartford to give you their money! You re nothing but a pimp! Jarvis slammed Sharpton for using the supposed anti-violence rally as a cover for  coming into a community where people are struggling for jobs, struggling for money, and demanding money to speak. Don t you come up in here asking us for money,  Jarvis yelled, according to Fox CT.Jarvis was about to be escorted out of the church, but he instead remained in the rear. Sharpton responded to his challenge by removing $1,000 in cash from his suit pocket. Everything that you all raise will go to a memorial,  he said.  [F]or the lives that could have gone on to cure cancer. Lives that could have been the next President of the United States. Sharpton founded NAN in 1991. As Breitbart News reported in April of last year, the IRS fined the nonprofit for not properly reporting its taxes, and it was charged with $1.9 million in back taxes and penalties. Additionally, the New York Times reported last November that Sharpton owes more than $4.5 million in state and federal taxes. Mr. Sharpton has regularly sidestepped the sorts of obligations most people see as inevitable, like taxes, rent and other bills,  reported the Times.The rally was the culmination of a march through Hartford in which Sharpton and about 150 mostly black individuals participated. Rev. Dr. Boise Kimber invited Sharpton to speak.According to the Hartford Police Department, the city saw 49 shooting victims between January and May 16.Jarvis later said local efforts are essential to initiate change in a community, reports CT News Junkie. We re setting in place classes where people can come for credit repair, establishing credit, home ownership, creating a resume, how to look for a job, mock interviews  that s how you empower people, not creating memorials,  he said.Via: Breitbart News",0
21671,HELL-BENT ON A CONVICTION: Is The Pentagon’s Third Attempt At Convicting A Marine For The Death Of An Iraqi Citizen Politically Motivated?,"Which begs the question:How many Iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? And do the rules of engagement only apply to the US Military? A retrial is set to begin Monday at Camp Pendleton for a Marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an Iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the Iraq war.Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a Marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former Iraqi police officer in Hamandiya, west of Baghdad.The killing was meant as a warning to Iraqis to stop planting roadside bombs and cooperating with insurgent snipers attacking U.S. troops.Six other Marines and a Navy corpsman were also convicted in what was called the Pendleton 8 case. As the squad leader, Hutchins got the longest sentence, 15 years, later reduced to 11.Appeals courts twice have overturned Hutchins  conviction: once on grounds that the NCIS illegally obtained a confession, once because his lawyer was allowed to retire on the eve of trial. The Marine Corps has opted for a retrial.Hutchins has spent more than six years behind bars, first at the federal prison at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan., and then the brig at Miramar Marine Corps Air Station in San Diego. Since mid-2013, he has been free on appeal, restored to his rank of sergeant and assigned to Camp Pendleton, living with his wife and children.The legal case has provoked strong, contrasting opinions among Marines.Several of Hutchins  co-defendants, all of whom are long since freed and returned to civilian life, believe the killing, while brutal, saved American lives because attacks on U.S. troops declined in the following months.Other Marines believe the Marine Corps must retry Hutchins to prove that it can hold its ranks accountable for the unauthorized use of deadly force. The Marine Corps is doing what justice demands,  said Gary Solis, a retired Marine and now an adjunct law professor at Georgetown University. It is being neither unfair nor harsh,  Solis said.  An innocent Iraqi male was taken prisoner by Hutchins and his squad and, while he was bound, repeatedly shot in the face [and] murdered. Much of the evidence against Hutchins will come from squad members who were convicted in the case, Solis noted:  Given the unusually strong case against Hutchins   the Marine Corps would be derelict were it to walk away from the murder of a defenseless Iraqi. But Bing West, former Marine, former assistant secretary of Defense and author of books about combat Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan, said that, given the chaos facing Marine  grunts  during the Iraq war, a retrial is unwarranted. In a savage war, Sgt. Hutchins, mistakenly believing he was protecting his squad, killed an innocent Iraqi,  West said.  He has spent several years in the brig. Further punishment would be unjust. It is time to allow him and all of us to move on. Marine prosecutors would not comment.Christopher Oprison, a former Marine and Hutchins  defense attorney, has promised a vigorous defense in which he will assert that the Marine Corps is continuing to pursue his client for political purposes. The case, he said,  is an indictment of the entire military justice system. The prosecution is basing its case on the information obtained by rogue NCIS agents who forced these young Marines to confess under threats and coercion. Oprison insists that comments made by Navy Secy. Ray Mabus in 2009 alleging guilt by the Pendleton 8 have tainted the case and prevented Hutchins from getting a fair trial. The political pressure to make an example out of Sgt. Hutchins is palpable,  Oprison said.  Enough is enough. The gloves are off. We hope to have Sgt. Hutchins home with his wife and children on Father s Day   a free man. Under military rules, the jury will include officers and enlisted, most of whom, if not all, have served combat tours in Iraq, Afghanistan or both. The jury will decide guilt or innocence, and punishment.Via: LA Times",0
21672,ABOVE THE LAW: Obama Goes Around Congress (Again) To Place Gag Order On Reporting About Firearms,"Ultimate gun control is the end game of Barack Obama and his regime period.On June 1 Breitbart News reported on Obama s Spring 2015  Unified Agenda.  The gun control measures contained therein which were to be passed by executive fiat.Since that time Representatives like Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY)91% (R-KY-4th) have placed riders on a DOJ appropriations bill to stop portions of the executive gun control push in its tracks. Now the NRA-ILA is revealing that the Obama administration is working behind the scenes to stifle reporting on firearms.From the NRA-ILA:Even as news reports have been highlighting the gun control provisions of the Administration s  Unified Agenda  of regulatory objectives, the Obama State Department has been quietly moving ahead with a proposal that could censor online speech related to firearms.How can this happen?Like this: The administration is reworking the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). One of the many things regulated by ITAR are  technical data  tied to  defense articles.  This includes, but is not limited to,  detailed design, development, production or manufacturing information  about ammunition and firearms.More specifically, this kind of  technical data  would be  blueprints, drawings, photographs, plans, instructions or documentation  related to ammunition and firearms.While ITAR and its regulations have not been a concern in the past, as far as constraining or limiting  material posted on publicly available websites,  there are some within the current State Department arguing that  anything published online in a generally-accessible location has essentially been  exported,  simply by virtue of being posted, and is therefore under the purview of ITAR.Moreover, last week the State Department put forth a proposal  clarifying  how to handle releases containing  technical data  which are posted online or otherwise distributed into the  public domain.  Ultimately, the proposal would require those releasing  technical data  on ammunition or firearms to first seek government approval.Here s how the NRA-ILA summed it up:The proposal would institute a massive new prior restraint on free speech. This is because all such releases would require the  authorization  of the government before they occurred. The cumbersome and time-consuming process of obtaining such authorizations, moreover, would make online communication about certain technical aspects of firearms and ammunition essentially impossible.Public comments on the proposed changes to ITAR will be accepted until August 3, 2015. You can submit those comments at regulations.gov or e-mail them to DDTCPublicComments@state.gov with the subject line indicating the comments concern the  ITAR Amendment Revisions to Definitions; Data Transmission and Storage. Via: Breitbart News",0
21673,DEMOCRAT MOCKS AMERICANS For Believing ‘Climate Change’ Is Part Of Obamatrade: Two Weeks Later…Obama Announces ‘Climate Change’ Is Part of Obamatrade,"Not that it matters, but since it appears that no one has read the bill, it s probably not that unlikely that Democrat senator Ron Wyden misspoke In a speech on the Senate floor on May 22, Democratic senator Ron Wyden of Oregon ridiculed those who thought climate change regulation would be part of Obamatrade:We ve heard suggested, for example, that it s a backdoor route to immigration reform or action on climate change . My sense is that the rate these hypotheticals are going, you re bound to hear that a future president working on a trade deal might have second thoughts about the Louisiana purchase.But in an interview on NPR s Marketplace yesterday (June 3), President Obama said that enforcing climate change regulations will indeed be part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Obamatrade pact that he is currently negotiating with Malaysia and 10 other countries. He said:If we want to solve something like climate change, which is one of my highest priorities, then I ve got to be able to get into places like Malaysia, and say to them, this is in your interest. What leverage do I have to get them to stop deforestation? Well part of the leverage is if I m in a trade relationship with them that allows me to raise standards.In December, Obama will negotiate a multi-country climate agreement in Paris. We already know from Obama s joint announcement with China that he will commit the United States to a huge reduction in carbon emissions of 26%-28% from 2005 levels, but he will let China, already a much larger carbon emitter, continue to expand its carbon emissions until 2030.Via: American Thinker",0
21674,BRUCE JENNER CASHING IN BIG TIME WITH NEW IDENTITY: “I’m the new ‘normal'” [VIDEO],"Timing is everything, and no one knows how to seize the moment better than members of the Kardashian family. The progressive left is determined to bully Americans into submission when it comes to accepting the LGBT lifestyle as mainstream. After spending years in the reality TV business, Bruce Jenner just happens to know a thing or two about marketing himself and has a chosen much kinder and more palatable approach. And now, in true Kardashian style, it s time to sit back and cash in and his contribution to the decay of our society big time.Watch new promo for Bruce s new show  I am Cait  here: How many people go through life and just waste their entire life because they never deal with themselves, with who they are?  Jenner says at the start of the 60-second spot. According to a press release, the eight-part, one-hour series I Am Cait will tell the story of Jenner as he lives his  new normal. Living for the first time as the person he feels he was born to be, the docuseries will also explore what Bruce s transition means for the people in his life and how those relationships are affected, while offering a better understanding of many of life s challenges,  E! said in the statement.The promo follows Jenner as he applies makeup in a mirror and drives  out into the world. It s so bright out there, look at that,  Jenner says from the backseat of a car.  Isn t it great that maybe someday you ll be normal? Just blend into society? You are normal,  a woman interjects. Put it this way: I m the new normal,  Jenner replies.Bruce Jenner, who appeared for the first time as a transgender woman on an infamous Vanity Fair magazine cover earlier this week, could parlay his transition into a half-billion dollar fortune within a decade, experts predict.Jenner s net worth is already estimated to be $100 million. But experts familiar with the earning potential of media figures told the New York Daily News that the former gold medal Olympian and Keeping Up with the Kardashians star could be worth as much as $500 million in the next five to ten years. She could become the wealthiest of them all,  VH1 s The Gossip Table host Rob Shuter told the paper, referring to the rest of the Kardashian family.  If Bruce Jenner made $100 million in 65 years, if all the stars align, she could be worth over $500 million in the next five to 10 years. Caitlyn is going to be a pioneer. Jenner is set to star in an eight-part, one-hour reality television series called I Am Cait, airing this summer on E! And he was already earning between $20,000-$40,000 in speaking fees prior to his transition, according to fee tracking website BigSpeak.com. But that figure could shoot up sharply in the wake of Jenner s transformation and subsequent magazine cover. A book deal could hit seven figures,  Brian Balthazar, editor of culture website Pop Goes the Week, told the Daily News.  Speeches could garner six figures each. There is no denying the transgender movement s recent ascendancy in the national culture. In addition to Jenner s record-breaking magazine cover and upcoming reality show, popular television shows like Amazon s Transparent have catapulted the issue to the forefront of American consciousness, and some companies are already jumping on the chance to get involved.Via: Breitbart News",0
21675,OBAMA’S ILLEGALS TO GET RETRO TAX CREDITS FOR TIME THEY WORKED IN US ILLEGALLY With No Requirement To File,"No need to file rules don t apply to Obama s amnestied illegals Illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally, even if they never filed a tax return during those years, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has confirmed to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA).In a written response to questions Grassley, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, asked Koskinen following a February hearing on the IRS budget, the IRS commissioner clarified his earlier assertions that illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty   and Social Security numbers   can access Earned Income Tax Credits (EITC) for years they were working in the country illegally.Back in February, Koskinen said that in order to claim the tax credits the amnestied illegal immigrant would have had to have filed returns in the past.In his written statement to Grassley, released Wednesday, Koskinen went another step, saying an illegal immigrant granted amnesty could claim back tax credits regardless if they had filed returns in the past. To clarify my earlier comments on EITC, not only can an individual amend a prior year return to claim EITC, but an individual who did not file a prior year return may file a return and claim EITC (subject to refund limitations under section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code). I would note that filing new returns for prior years would likely be difficult, since filers would have to reconstruct earnings and other records for years when they were not able to work on the books,  Koskinen said in his written response.According to the IRS, illegal immigrants granted amnesty, and with it Social Security numbers, can claim up to three years prior in back tax credits. Section 32 of the Internal Revenue Code requires an SSN on the return, but a taxpayer claiming the EITC is not required to have an SSN before the close of the year for which the EITC is claimed. At your request, the IRS has reviewed the relevant statutes and legislative history, and we believe that the 2000 Chief Counsel Advice (CCA) on this issue is correct,  Koskinen added.With this benefit Illegal immigrants granted amnesty could receive tens of thousands of dollars in back tax refunds.Via: Breitbart News",0
21676,THE 1 PERCENTER BABY: Chelsea’s Daughter Is Clearly Not One Of Those ‘Everyday People’ Her ‘Dead Broke’ Granny Is Championing,"But then again, with all of the cash flowing into the Clinton  Slush Fund  from foreign countries no designer should be out of reach for any member of the Clinton crime syndicate Becoming a grandmother has made Hillary Clinton think long and hard about what kind of world she wants to leave behind for future generations a world in which every American will have the same opportunities as nine-month-old Charlotte Clinton-Mezvinsky. In Hillary Clinton s America, for example, every infant child will be swathed in the hippest fabrics from the hottest celebrity fashion barons.The Daily Mail reports:Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton remembered late family friend Oscar de la Renta in a touching tribute at Monday night s CFDA Awards, and revealed that he sent her newborn daughter a special dress soon before he died, which she believes is likely one of the last pieces he ever designed.Chelsea, 35, spoke at the celebrity-packed fashion event about some of her favorite memories of the beloved designer, whom she had known since her father, former US President Bill Clinton s years in the White House.In her speech, she revealed how Mr. de la Renta boosted her self esteem with a dress he sent her as a teenager   and made her daughter Charlotte  one very lucky little girl  by sending her a dress of her own before he passed away.The elite fashion designer, who passed away last year, also designed the stunning dress Hillary wore to Chelsea s wedding ceremony in 2010. It was during a stay at de la Renta s beachfront mansion in the Dominican Republic that Hillary decided to run for president in 2016 as a champion of  everyday Americans. This entry was posted in Politics and tagged Chelsea Clinton, Hillary Clinton. Bookmark the permalink.Via: WFB",0
21677,"IRONY: [VIDEO] FLAG STOMPIN’ RAPPER, LIL WAYNE STARTS FIGHT At “Stop The Violence” Fundraiser","Just another day in the life of a thug rapper Things turned violent at a  Stop the Violence  charity basketball game Sunday in St. Louis, MO, after rapper Lil Wayne attacked and allegedly tried to spit on a referee, according to TMZ. The entertainment news and gossip site reports  Weezy  was coaching the Young Money team with little success. He lost his cool on an official after a series of questionable calls in favor of the opposing team, which was led by a man named  Loose Cannon Slim,  who was also the event s organizer.Wayne allegedly charged at the official and even tried to spit on him before the rapper s team chased the man away in an attempt to calm the situation.Police were reportedly called to the scene, but no arrests were made.WATCH Video here(Watch at the 45 second mark, as the big guy or woman? with a red basketball uniform assaults the referee because they didn t like a call she made):Some proceeds from the charity game went to  Put Down the Pistol,  an anti-gun-violence program based in St. Louis, TMZ reports.According to the group s website, Put Down the Pistol is an anti-gun violence program created to promote a  decrease in gun violence through the use conflict-resolution skills, leadership, and anonymous crime reporting. Via: Breitbart News",0
21678,HILLARY COULDN’T FIND 125 WOMEN TO BUY TICKETS TO ‘Women Only’ FUNDRAISER…Forced To Sell Tickets To Men,"But what about Hillary being a  formidable opponent  when it comes to women voters? Hillary Clinton had trouble attracting high-powered women to a New York talk hosted by Silda Wall Spitzer two weeks before her campaign officially kicks off. Sources said that after ticket sales fizzled for an intimate, $2,700-per-person,  just for women  meeting on Monday, the event was thrown open to men at the 11th hour, and the deadline extended to buy tickets.The  Conversation With Hillary Clinton  event at Midtown law firm Akin Gump was originally aiming to attract 125 women. An email invitation seen by Page Six said the event is  just for women.  But by Friday,  They d only sold 50 tickets, so they threw it open to men,  a source said.  Ticket sales were supposed to close at 10 a.m. Sunday, but the hostesses were working the phones and pushed the deadline till Monday. We hear about 90 attendees included former Bill Clinton aide Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney and his husband, Randy Florke, Maurice Tempelsman, Jill Braufman (wife of hedge funder Daniel Nir), Jean Shafiroff and Susan Cole. The event began at noon, but Clinton arrived at 1 p.m. in  a royal blue jacket and black pants.  She then took pictures with donors and delivered a half-hour speech before leaving at about 2 p.m.Silda introduced Clinton as a  tough, authentic leader,  which is probably more than she can say about her hard-charging ex Eliot. In a possible nod to her host, Clinton quoted Eleanor Roosevelt, quipping,  Every woman in public life needs to develop skin as tough as rhinoceros hide. Topics included  clean energy,  mental health care for college kids, keeping but  revising  ObamaCare, Vladimir Putin, and America s heroin and meth  epidemic. Meanwhile, on Monday, journalists covering Clinton met in Washington, DC, to grouse about inadequate access to the candidate. When we reached out to a local Clinton campaign rep who helped organize the event, she referred us to Clinton s deputy national press secretary, who referred us to her  rapid response spokesperson,  who, not surprisingly, had no comment.Via: NY Post",0
21679,HAS ESPN’S “Arthur Ashe Courage Award” BECOME THE GAY-TRANSGENDER AWARD?,"The last three recipients of the highly coveted Arthur Ashe award for courage were gay: GMA host, Robin Roberts (2013), First openly gay NFL player,Michael Sam (2014), and now America s transgender darling, Bruce (Caitlyn) Jenner.  Why are we celebrating the demasculinization of America s men?  Has ESPN s sports coverage taken backseat to their obvious progressive agenda?At the 1976 summer Olympics in Montr al, Bruce Jenner won the gold medal for the men s decathlon, setting a world record with 8616 points.In July, Jenner will be honored with another award, this time for a much different  achievement.  On Monday, Time reported that at ESPN s ESPY Awards, the former world s greatest male athlete will receive the acclaimed Arthur Ashe Award for coming out as a transgender.In an interview with Diane Sawyer back in April, Jenner stated that he was a woman trapped in a man s body and had struggled with this conundrum since childhood.Jenner explained in an interview with Vanity Fair that his cover photo shoot with legendary photo-journalist Annie Leibovitz  was a good day. This shoot was about my life and who I am as a person. It s not about the fanfare, it s not about people cheering in the stadium, it s not about going down the street and everybody giving you  that a boy, Bruce,  pat on the back, O.K. This is about your life. Jenner told VF,  If I was lying on my deathbed and I had kept this secret and never ever did anything about it, I would be lying there saying,  You just blew your entire life. You never dealt with yourself,  and I don t want that to happen. The transition hasn t been entirely smooth for Jenner. He admits that he had some second thoughts about becoming a woman. In a passage from the VF interview, Jenner tells reporter Buzz Bissinger that he suffered a panic attack the day after undergoing 10-hour facial feminization surgery in March.Jenner remembers thinking,  What did I just do? What did I just do to myself? Bissinger reveals in the interview that Jenner has not removed his penis.The Ashe Award, which Jenner will be receiving alongside his family at the ESPY award show in July, is one of the most prestigious in sports. According to ESPN,  the recipients reflect the spirit of Arthur Ashe, possessing strength in the face of adversity, courage in the face of peril and the willingness to stand up for their beliefs no matter what the cost. Via: Breitbart News",0
21680,TAXPAYER FUNDED OPERATION CONSERVATIVE TAKE DOWN : DOJ Awards MI State Univ Huge Grant To Study ‘Far Right” Groups Use Of Social Media,"How many American taxpayer dollars have already been used by the Obama regime to spy on, discredit and dismantle conservative groups like the Tea Party? Is anyone else beginning to feel like the Obama regime is one big union who forces members to pay dues that are used to fund, and ensure the success of the Democrat party? The Department of Justice is concentrating on  far-right  groups in a new study of social media usage aimed at combatting violent extremism.The Justice Department s National Institute of Justice (NIJ) awarded Michigan State University $585,719 for the study, which was praised by Eric Holder, the former attorney general, earlier this year. There is currently limited knowledge of the role of technology and computer mediated communications (CMCs), such as Facebook and Twitter, in the dissemination of messages that promote extremist agendas and radicalize individuals to violence,  according to the NIJ grant.  The proposed study will address this gap through a series of qualitative and quantitative analyses of posts from various forms of CMC used by members of both the far-right and Islamic extremist movements. The study draws more upon right-wing forums than upon the corners of the web inhabited by Islamist extremists. We will collect posts made in four active forums used by members of the far-right and three from the Islamic Extremist community, as well as posts made in Facebook, LiveJournal, Twitter, YouTube, and Pastebin accounts used by members of each movement,  the grant said. The findings will be used to document both the prevalence and variation in the ideological content of posts from members of each movement,  the grant continued.  In addition, we will assess the value of these messages in the social status of the individual posting the message and the function of radical messages in the larger on-line identity of participants in extremist communities generally. The project will also  identify the hidden networks of individuals who engage in extremist movements based on geographic location and ideological similarities. The results will be used for a public webinar, and for presentations for counterterrorism experts in the United States.Holder highlighted the study in remarks this February at the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism, as an example of the new methods the Justice Department is using to combat terrorist threats.Holder said the study will  help us develop more effective techniques and partnerships for counter-messaging. While the grant does not name the  far-right  groups that would be examined, other federal agencies have devoted their energy to the sovereign citizen movement.The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) released a report on the movement, whose members believe that U.S. laws do not apply to them, just as the White House held its summit on violent extremism. The administration did not use the phrase  Islamist extremism  at the summit.DHS stirred controversy in 2009 when it issued a report on right-wing extremism, which included veterans returning from combat as a potential terrorist threat.The Justice Department and Michigan State University did not return requests for comment by press time.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
21681,HOW OBAMA’S NEW DOJ PLANS TO BYPASS CONGRESS TO IMPLEMENT GUN CONTROL,"Eric Holder in a skirt Obama s Department of Justice is working on  more than a dozen  new gun control regulations it plans to begin implementing apart from Congress. Some of the regulations are set to be put in place by November, others simply by the end of the Obama administration.According to The Hill,  the regulations range from new restrictions on high-powered pistols to gun storage requirements  and the issuance of  new rules expanding criteria for people who do not quality for gun ownership. Part and parcel to this new  criteria  will be an ATF-implemented ban on gun ownership for anyone  convicted of a misdemeanor domestic violence.  Gun Owners of America s Michael Hammond warns that under this rule the person barred from gun ownership  could be [someone] who spanked his kid, or yelled at his wife, or slapped her husband. The new regulations will also include ATF enlargements on mental health-based gun ownership bans. Hammond summed this up by saying,  The Obama administration is trying very hard to disqualify people from owning a gun on the basis that they are seeing a psychologist.  And the NRA pointed out that because most mentally ill persons pose no threat to society, the new regulations will actually become  snares [for] masses of mostly harmless individuals. The NRA added:  Not only is this unjust and stigmatizing, it creates disincentives for those who need mental health treatment to seek it, increasing whatever risks are associated with untreated mental illness. In other words, people who might actually need some minor mental health attention may refuse to pursue it for fear of losing their guns.The ATF is also working on  rules that would require gun dealers to report gun thefts, provide gun storage and safety devices. In March the NRA warned that then Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch would be  Eric Holder 2.0.  Yet in April, ten Republican Senators sided with Democrats and confirmed Lynch as AG. The Hill reports that those Republicans included:Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH)42% Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC)49% Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ)40% Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY)54%Via: Breitbart News",0
21682,DEATH OF A NATION BY EXECUTIVE ORDER: Who Voted To Bring 33 MILLION Immigrants To America?,"With 25% of Mexico now living in America Americans should be demanding our  President  tell us why he allowed these illegal aliens to cross our southern border and who will pay for their health care and education? Americans pride ourselves on being people who have a government. But these days, it more often seems as if we ve got a government that has people.And that government is even selecting who its people will be, having within a generation essentially imported a state s worth of new people through immigration.Since 1970, the number of  Hispanics of Mexican origin  in the U.S. has jumped from fewer than 1 million to more than 33 million. If all these Mexicans were a state, it would be the second largest in population in the country, trailing only California.Did you vote to approve that immigration policy? Did anyone? In fact, the federal government allowed it to happen without any voter input. That s by design.In recent years, Congress has attempted to draft legislation to deal with illegal immigration. And while the controversial  Gang of Eight  bill passed the Senate in 2013, it died in the House after one of its authors withdrew his support. Immigration is a difficult topic, one that will require difficult discussions.Instead, the Obama White House would prefer to short-circuit the political discussions. America cannot wait forever for them to act. That s why today I am beginning a new effort to fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own, without Congress,  President Obama warned last summer. After the November elections, he acted to grant amnesty to millions of illegals.In February, a federal judge put a hold on that policy while he determined its legality. The administration admits it went right on ahead, issuing 2,000 more waivers. Now, an appeals court has upheld the stay. But the White House says it will press ahead. [T]he administration s enforcement priorities, including our focus on deporting felons and not families, and many other executive actions on immigration continue to move forward,  White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters this week.  It would be a shame if an issue so critical like this became mired in a political dispute. But Schultz has it exactly backward. If our representative system of government means anything, it should mean that the people have a say in the big issues facing our country.It s precisely because the issue is so important that it deserves to be a subject of political disputes. It s through the political process in the presidential and congressional elections of 2016 that voters can finally have a say in the nation s immigration policy. We ve already waited far too long.Via: Breitbart News ",0
21683,COLLEGE PROF DEVELOPS 10 “Cracka Commandments” TO HELP WHITE PRIVILEGED PEOPLE WITH IMMINENT “Black Spring”,"Dr. Christopher Driscoll, an Africana Studies program affiliate, is a perfect example of how academia uses religion to divide students along racial lines, which ironically only promotes division and hate A hip hop symposium recently inspired a professor at Lehigh University to develop a list of  Cracka Commandments  intended to help white people accommodate the imminent  black spring. Christopher Driscoll, a visiting assistant professor of religious studies at the private university in Bethlehem, Penn., posted the list of commandments last Friday following a lecture on the white appropriation of rap.According to Driscoll, his lecture  led to a discussion about how white people fit into the #BlackLivesMatter movement  and prompted a collaboration between himself, Lehigh Theater Professor Kashi Johnson, and hip hop artist Asheru. Together, we came up with these, the ten cracka commandments for 2015,  Driscoll wrote on his personal blog, Shades of White.Driscoll says the first commandment is: that all lives  won t matter until #BlackLivesMatter  which he describes as both  a litmus test and the greatest commandment. The nine other commandments read as follows:1.  Always remember that white privilege is real, even if you do not understand it. Use it to convince other people that black lives, including black women s lives, matter.2. Show up for protests, write letters to representatives, and start discussions with other white people about black lives mattering.3.  Always remember that ignorance is real, and is a product of privilege. Treat the ignorant with compassion, but hold them accountable. 4.  Never think that the critique does not apply to you. Just because you were at Barack s inauguration and your dad was a freedom rider, or because you are the head of your local chapter of GLADD, that does not mean you do not have more work to do on yourself, your family, and your community. 5.  Always remember that it is never a question of if violence, but whose violence are you going to defend. Unjust state-sanctioned and racist violence, or justified resistance; the choice is yours, the choice is ours. 6.  Never tolerate racism from your friends or family. Whether it is coming from your eighteen-year-old friend, your thirty-one-year-old cousin, or your eighty-year-old grandmother, confront it always. Confronting racism does not mean you will lose your friend or family. It means you will help to make them act and think in less racist ways. 7.  You cannot love cultural products without also loving the people who make those products. If you like black art or athletics, that appreciation is an entryway into recognizing that black lives matter. 8.  Never quote black leaders like Dr. King in order to criticize protesters and activists. 9.  Always embrace uncertainty. Life is uncertain; death is certain. Uncertainty promotes life; certainty produces death and destruction. 10.  Never put white fragility ahead of justice. If you are more concerned to argue that you  aren t racist  than you are with racism or with people dying, you re priorities are skewed. Do you want justice or comfort? In addition to teaching, Driscoll recently penned the book White Lies: Race and Uncertainty in the Twilight of American Religion, which addresses the  instabilities central to a  white religion . Driscoll describes his personal website as designated for the  progressive anti-racist ally  and  curious and frustrated, alike. Shades of White is a space for whites to clumsily, openly, and actively wrestle with a host of social issues that impact us,  Driscoll states, adding that  it is about time white folks come to terms with a problematic social arrangement that has seen them disproportionately advantaged for far too long. According to Driscoll, left-wing blogs  do a good job of criticizing white folks on our failings  albeit without offering  concrete responses to meet the civic and social demands of everyone else.  At the same time, Driscoll says right-wing blogs  feel good, make us proud to be an American, but are often actively racist and sexist and sometimes, downright dumb. WATCH VIDEO FEATURING DR. CHRISTOPHER DRISCOLL S VIEWS ON RACISM HERE: Dr. Christopher Driscoll from Lehigh IMRC on Vimeo.In an email to Campus Reform, Lehigh s Director of Media Relations, Jordan Reese, said the university is committed to  strongly supporting faculty academic freedom and the free exchange of ideas, theories and philosophies on campus. Lehigh believes diversity of thought fuels a healthy exchange of ideas, discussion and debate, contributing to a vibrant intellectual environment in which our students can grow and learn,  Reese said.Via: Campus Reform",0
21684,ARIZONA STATE UNIV DOUBLES TUITION… CLAIMS IT NEEDS MORE STATE FUNDS…Finds $500K To Donate To Clinton “Slush Fund”,"But what about that whole unfair  student debt  thing that Hillary and Bill are so concerned about?While Arizona State University has almost doubled its tuition over the past 10 years amid claims that it needs more state money, the school somehow had the funds to give half a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation.According to The Arizona Republic, the public university paid $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation to host the former president-Bill Clinton; former-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton; and their daughter, Chelsea, during a Clinton Global Initiative University (CGI U) event in 2014. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Bill s wife, is the current front-runner for the Democratic nomination for the 2016 presidential race.Mark Johnson, an ASU spokesman, told The Republic that the university was a payment for the event not a contribution to the Clintons. ASU played host to the CGI University in March 2014, which featured former President Bill Clinton and former secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a program aimed at bringing together college students to find practical, innovative solutions to global challenges,  Johnson told the newspaper.  The report you cited reflects the fact that the university co-invested in this educational and promotional opportunity, which was co-produced for our students, and for students from around the world. No state funds were used for this purpose. The Republic also reported that while the university has lobbied the State Department, university officials claim the lobbying occurred after Hillary stepped down from the position.The CGI U website also boasts that more than 1,100 students attended the event to raise $60,000 and participate in a  Day of Action  in the community. Student attendees had the opportunity to attend plenary sessions, working sessions, and other special events covering topics across CGI U s five focus areas and allowing them to network with their peers, build skills, and identify potential partnerships,  the website for the event states.  Youth organizations, topic experts, and celebrities joined students at the CGI U meeting to help them gain the skills and knowledge needed to take action on their commitments. Earlier this month Arizona s Board of Regents voted to approve tuition increases for both undergraduate and graduate students at ASU, the University of Arizona, and Northern Arizona University. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) also recently approved a budget that cut more than $100 million from public universities, The Arizona State Press reported. In this regard ASU seems to hold themselves accountable to their own pet projects, as opposed to ASU students,  Richard Moorehead, a senior history major at ASU, told Campus Reform.  The money they wasted on the Clinton Foundation event could have been used for scholarships and genuine education. I realize bringing high-profile speakers can raise the profile of the university, but no speaker s time is worth $500,000, especially if that money is funneled into a presidential campaign,  Moorhead said. He did not attend the CGI U event.Ryan Hartwig, a recent ASU graduate, told Campus Reform that the $500,000 was  way too much for any celebrity or politician. It really makes me question what ASU does with their money, while they continue to complain about state budget cuts,  Hartwig said.The Washington Free Beacon reported that ASU has said it did not use state funds to pay the Clintons, but the university has not disclosed where the money actually came from.Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) participated in the event last year but told The Republic that had he known the price tag, it wouldn t have been worth it. Frankly, if I had known that that was the situation, that they were being paid $500,000, I would have spoken up at the time that I thought it was outrageous,  McCain said.Via: Campus Reform ",0
21685,BALTIMORE’S OVERZEALOUS PROSECUTOR BUSTED “FAVORITING” RACIST TWEETS [Video],"B b..but she s a victim (Mosby claims her account was hacked).Earlier this month, two controversial tweets were  favorited  by a personal Twitter account belonging to Baltimore City State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby. The first tweet referred to the officers charged in the death of Freddie Gray as  those 6 THUG cops  and the other praised Mosby and claimed she  INFURIATES a certain kind of white person. But Mosby s office is now claiming that the two favorited tweets were the work of a hacker. Both Mosby s official Twitter account and her personal account were hacked,  the Baltimore City State s Attorney s Office reportedly told  The Kelly File  on Wednesday.  We do not know how long it s been going on, we are working with Twitter. Mosby revealed on May 23 that her official government Twitter account had been hacked, but did not mention her personal account being compromised. Further, the tweets in question were favorited by her personal account weeks before her government account was reportedly hacked.Fox News host Megyn Kelly expressed cynicism that a hacker would take over her account and only randomly favorite two tweets.Watch the segment via  The Kelly File  below:  The Five  co-host Kimberly Guilfoyle said Mosby is behaving like an  activist  when she is  supposed to be an impartial evaluator of the facts of the case. The officers charged in the Gray case have asked for a change of venue because it doesn t appear they can get a  fair and impartial trial  in Baltimore.Via: The Blaze",0
21686,AFGHAN INTERPRETER FOR US MURDERED BY TALIBAN WHILE WAITING 4 YRS FOR PROMISED VISA [Video]," I was always loyal to U.S.A and never betray its mission.  This sad story reminds us of the Pakistani doctor whose intel he shared with the US lead them to discovery of Osama Bin Laden s hideout. He wasn t much of a priority for the Obama regime either, as they left him to be abducted, tortured and imprisoned for his troubles. With friends like the Obama regime who needs enemies? An Afghan interpreter for the United States military who had been waiting for over four years on the U.S. visa list was tortured and killed by insurgents earlier this year, raising concerns that other translators could meet a similar fate as American forces withdraw from Afghanistan.Sakhidad Afghan worked as a translator for the U.S. Marines and Air Force since around 2008. Four years ago, he applied for a U.S. visa under a program for at-risk military translators. He was still on the waiting list when the Taliban reportedly kidnapped him from a bazaar this spring and executed him in the back of a trailer truck.According to Arif Rahmani, a member of the Afghanistan Parliament who spoke with Afghan s family and the ANA brigade in Farah, the Taliban had been tracking Afghan because of his work with the U.S. military. According to [the ANA s] information, the Taliban captured Sakhidad from a bazaar in Farah,  Rahmani wrote in a post [Warning: post contains graphic images] on his Facebook page.  From a trailer truck they tortured for awhile, then killed him. He introduced himself as Abdul Hamid, but that couldn t save his life. Afghan was between jobs after his base in Helmand closed in late 2014. In January he set off for Herat, a city in western Afghanistan, his brother told Rahmani. The Afghan National Army recovered his body in the beginning of March in the Farah river region, between Helmand and Herat, according to Rahmani.News of the murder swept through the Afghan interpreter community, where many are increasingly concerned about retribution attacks from the Taliban. Taliban killed Afghan by chasing him. I am sure they are tracking me too and they will kill me also one day,  said a translator who worked with Afghan and has also been waiting for a U.S. visa since 2011. His name is being withheld.Advocacy groups said the U.S. government often lets interpreter visa applications idle for years without telling applicants why.The State Department and other agencies recently instituted reforms to the Special Immigrant Visa process, and the number of visa applications approved in 2014 was significantly higher than prior years. However, the Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project, a group that advocates for Afghan and Iraqi linguists, said Afghan s death shows the risk translators face when their applications stall. This horrifying incident is unfortunately just one example of how each passing day is another mortal threat to our Iraqi and Afghan allies,  said Katherine Reisner, national policy director at IRAP. It shows our veterans  dedication to their allies overseas, and how much hope they place in the SIV program,  she added.  We fail our veterans when the SIV program fails. And it is a call to action for the Departments of State and Homeland Security to act justly and expeditiously on all SIV applications. The State Department declined to comment, saying it could not discuss details of individual cases.Afghan was Hazara, a Persian-speaking ethnic minority that has been targeted in a string of recent attacks.In late February, extremists kidnapped 31 men, mainly Hazara, from a bus returning from Iran. Some of the hostages were reportedly released in a prisoner swap earlier this month. Last month, the Taliban reportedly beheaded four Hazara in the Ghazni Province.Afghan did not have a birth certificate, but friends said he was around 26 years old. When he worked on a base in Marjah in 2010, he told some of the Americans he worked with that he wanted to become a Marine. They encouraged him to start lifting weights, which he began doing regularly.Washington Free Beacon managing editor Aaron MacLean, a former Marine officer who led a platoon in Marjah in 2010, worked with Afghan when the interpreter was assigned to his rifle company. I just remember him being a good young man who did his job well, was as brave as any Marine, and came under fire as much as any Marine in Marjah,  said MacLean.Afghan went on to work with the Air Force, but would still wear old Marine uniform pieces he saved from his previous assignment. He became a devoted runner, and entered the Marine Corps Marathon at Camp Leatherneck in 2011, finishing the race in just under 4 hours and 50 minutes.He also kept in touch with American service members he worked with after they returned to the U.S. I am deeply afraid of the current situation,  Afghan emailed to one U.S. military friend on July 9, 2014.  If I go to the U.S.A I think I will be safe. Right now it looks like, the disaster is coming in the country. I was always loyal to U.S.A and never betray its mission,  he added.  I am absolutely sure that I have deserved an approved visa for United States. Even as years passed without receiving an answer on his visa, Afghan held onto hope. Every rock strikes the feet of disabled goat. The poor gets poor, and the rich gets rich,  he wrote the friend on July 10, 2014.  But I can see my future is bright. Via: WFB",0
21687,BREAKING: WATCH LIVE FEED FROM “Freedom Of Speech Rally II” IN FRONT OF PHOENIX MOSQUE,"Pretty much people just yelling at each other so far. pic.twitter.com/jfNdizcAX5  Adam Housley (@adamhousley) May 30, 2015About 10 more officers now have come to form a human wall between the two sides. About 30 total pic.twitter.com/RU8pgX21j7  Adam Housley (@adamhousley) May 30, 2015 ",0
21688,WHY TAXPAYER FUNDED FOOD TRUCKS PLAN TO STALK KIDS THIS SUMMER,"I wonder how many government funded trucks will be following Mooch s kids this summer? Oh, that s right she s a  good  mom. There s no need for government intervention Government-sponsored food trucks will be stalking students this summer with the goal of giving out thousands of  healthy  free lunches officials don t trust parents to provide.Officials at St. Paul public schools recently announced they re working with the local food bank Second Harvest to dispatch a mobile food truck to expand locations offering students free lunches during the summer. Last year the district supplied 71 locations, and the truck will help to add another 10 to 15 in 2015, KSTP reports.The district s director of nutrition services, Stacy Koppen, said the truck will drive around to different locations between 10:30 a.m. and 5 p.m. to help feed the city s needy youngsters. The truck will track down students at  spots like suggested basketball courts or fields where kids like to play,  according to the news site.The very expensive-looking specially rigged step van features a billboard with grinning teens alongside the message  Kids and teens: Get your free meals here.  The district apparently didn t offer the details on how the new program is financed, or how much the truck cost, and the news station didn t bother to ask. School officials said the truck will be manned by volunteers.Koppen said the district serves 29,000 lunches a day during the school year, but only 6,000 a day during the summer, so officials reasoned a truck is necessary to make sure students aren t starving. Time and again, we such a steep decline that we wonder,  Where are these children going? Are they getting the healthy, nutritious food they need for their health and academic success?  Koppen told KTSP. We want to make sure that when children return to school for the next school year, that they are at the optimal health status and that they are ready to learn,  she said, adding that the free food is available to all, not just low income kids.Minneapolis Public Schools have used food trucks to give away lunches since at least 2013. The Hopkins district in Minnesota, as well as districts in Colorado, New York, Massachusetts, Indiana, California, Tennessee, and other states have also launched trucks to take free food to students during the summer.In New York City, organizations can also apply to have school food trucks deliver meals to students on site upon request.Most, if not all, of the school food trucks seem to be funded at least in part by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as part of the federal free and reduced-price school lunch program. Each summer, the United States Department of Agriculture reimburses school districts for all meals prepared and served at no cost to any child under the age of 18,  the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel reports.The news site explained that School District 51 expanded its free summer lunch program to dispatch a food truck to patrol local neighborhoods and seek out students. The USDA will pay for food and staff labor but not for the purchase of a food truck or the cost of running it,  according to the Daily Sentinel.In District 51, the cost of the truck and expenses are covered by a $50,000 grant from the Western Colorado Community Foundation.Via: EAG News",0
21689,CHICAGO AREA SCHOOLS REPLACING BOOKS BY WHITE MALE AUTHORS With Books That Are “more culturally relevant”,"Because books written by authors like Ernest Hemingway, William Shakespeare, Mark Twain and John Steinbeck are so-o-o-o overrated and so culturally irrelevant Chicago area schools are replacing white male authors on student reading lists with minority and women authors who delve into themes like power, justice, humanity and social responsibility. I think yes, book lists in schools are sexist, but I don t think it s the school s fault,  senior Sarah Eiden told the Gapers Block Book Club blog.  I think it s because we still think good literature is only written by white males, which simply isn t true. I do see though that teachers are trying to change that. New Trier High School English teacher Scott Campbell is among them. When we think about summer reading books or adding a new book to a course, we re often looking for woman or people of color,  he told the site.It s some teachers  way of countering the prevalence of white male authors who penned classics like  The Great Gatsby,   Lord of the Flies,   The Catcher in the Rye  and  Of Mice and Men,  Campbell said. Women a hundred or so years ago were not encouraged or expected that they might write, so we re left with literature that seems unbalanced and institutionalized, almost in the way we talk about racism,  he said. Women haven t been championed as writers generally,  Campbell said.  This is just one of the after-effects of male domination. John Hancock College Prep English teacher and curriculum coordinator Natalie Garfield seems to share Campbell s perspective.She hunts out books that are  more culturally relevant  to students at the school than classic books written by white male authors. At the end of their high school career, a kid can pick up any new book and potentially have been exposed to anything like it based on the wide spectrum of texts we offer here,  Garfield told Gapers Block.  (You) make changes and reflect the times and kids in front of you. Those changes include books like  The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian,  which is actually a fictionalized story about a 14-year-old Native American teen that attends a mostly white high school with themes of alcoholism, sexuality, violence and bullying, according to the blog.Other titles like  Always Running: La Vida Loca, Gang Days in L.A.  focuses on gang life, unemployment, drug addiction, incarceration and suicide. But in the end, it s a positive, uplifting story of a man who realizes his potential as a Chicano activist and artist and manages to turn his life around,  Gapers Block reports.  This book gives readers a raw look at what it meant to be Latino in Los Angeles during the  80s and how community involvement can truly impact marginalized groups. Some student told the site they appreciate that teachers are catering reading lists to their culture by replacing books written by white male authors with minority-penned prose.Hancock senior Lisseth Perez said books on Hispanics offered in the past are from a white person s perspective. We come from a Hispanic culture, but enven when they give us  Hispanic books,  it s more like, just Hispanic people trying to fit into a white community,  Perez said.  It s the same book over and over: Hispanic kid wants to go into the white community and not get looked down upon. It s the same story with women, Hancock junior Sandra Rodriquez told Gapers Block. These books just talk about men and men and men. And they never actually show women actually doing something,  she griped.  You have to read something you feel good about. Via: EAG News ",0
21690,HIGH SCHOOL SHOWS STUDENTS RACIST “Sh*t White People Say” VIDEO AS PART OF MORNING ANNOUNCEMENTS,"According to Bedford, Mass. School Superintendent, John Sills, no employees will face disciplinary action for showing this video to the students. People who are sick and tired of watching our nation being divided down racial lines should call him at 781-275-7588. It s time to flood the lines of these leftist school administrators and let him know how you feel about the shaming of white students in a high school he is paid to supervise.BEDFORD, Mass.   After students played a video promoting racial stereotypes during the morning announcements, school administrators are dismissing it as a  teachable moment. A group of students at Bedford High School who produce  BHS Live  created a video called  Sh*t White People Say,  which played off racial stereotypes allegedly held by their white peers.It featured a black girl wearing a blonde wig, several school employees and a number of minority students.It warns white students to  DO NOT ASSume  things about their black classmates. I m very offended by what I saw,  parent Bob Marshall tells Fox 25.  It was a very disgusting video, very hurtful video. A lot of them were upset by what they saw,  Marshall he says of students who watched it during morning announcements. I m shocked that a video like that could be displayed and that nobody oversaw it. School administrators are pleading ignorance.HERE S THE VIDEO:In a letter home to parents after the incident, the school s principal says,     there has not been a vetting process of videos for BHS Live. Therefore, the video was not previewed by any administrator, student or teacher surrounding BHS Live. A protocol for vetting student videos is being developed. That seems a little hard to believe, given that three adults participated in the production.Superintendent John Sills says while  it was framed in a way that was offensive,  it was a positive thing that the video spurred  conversations. I would never say it s good when something offensive happens. But we always seek to find positives, and we continue to work to derive learning from it,  according to Sills.That s not good enough for Marshall. To me, it s smoke and mirrors to say oh, it was a learning lesson,  Marshall says.  Somebody needs to be held accountable and somebody needs to lose their job over it. According to the superintendent, no employees will face disciplinary action.Via: EAG News",0
21691,BREAKING: ISIS SUPPORTERS THREATEN ARMED BIKERS “Freedom Of Speech” Rally…’We promise we will drink ur blood’ [VIDEO],"ISIS supporters on Twitter are making open DEATH threats to bikers attending the  Freedom Of Speech Round II  event to be hosted today in front of a Phoenix, AZ mosque where two would be jihadists belonged. ISIS sympathizers, Nadir Soofi and Elton Simpson were shot dead by police after planning to commit jihad at a  Draw Muhammed  Cartoon contest hosted by Pamela Gellar in Garland, Texas on May 3, 2015. Freedom of Speech Rally Round II  organizer, John Ritzheimer, a US Marine has become the target of ISIS supporters on Twitter. They ve been tweeting his home address and requesting fellow radical islamists who are  seeking jannah  take action against him:From Seekers of the Garden site: Do you desire Jannah? Are you seeking that unimaginable Paradise? Deep down inside, your soul yearns for it. Are you willing to go that extra mile to perfect your deen, so that you may obtain the highest level of Jannah? If not, then what holds you back? Does this dunya overwhelmingly fill your day so that you find less time to devote to Allah?Consider this: the Messenger of Allah, sallalahu alayhi wasalaam, said:  Nobody who enters Paradise will (ever like to) return to this world even if he were offered everything on the surface of the earth (as an inducement) except the martyr who will desire to return to this world and be killed ten times for the sake of the great honor that has been bestowed upon him.  [Muslim, Book 20, Number 4635]The truth is astonishing. The words are compelling. The commitment only returns an immeasurable reward whose likeness is not found in this dunya.Here are some of the tweets and re-tweets on Twitter threatening the lives of bikers (and any of their children) who attend the rally today: UPDATE: The account of DAWLATIL ISLAM has just been removed from Twitter. Freedom of Speech Round II  organizer John Ritzheimer is moving forward with the armed rally. Watch CNN s Sara Sidner show her blatant disgust for the rally in the interview with Anderson Cooper leading up to his interview with organizer John Ritzheimer:https://youtu.be/vDc_6nioI7o ",0
21692,WHITE STUDENTS TURNED AWAY FROM “Anti-Racism” Event Because Black People Deserve A “safe place” Without White People,"The presence of any kind of privilege puts unnecessary pressure on the people of colour to defend any anger or frustrations they have, to fear the outcome of sharing their stories.  Vajdaan Tanveer, RSU CoordinatorYou just can t make this stuff up White people do not experience racism. First-year journalism students Trevor Hewitt and Julia Knope were told that because they were not victims of racialization, they were not allowed to stay in the meeting room and report on the event.Hewitt and Knope said they made eye contact with an unidentified woman who appeared to be setting up for the event. She approached Hewitt and Knope and asked if they had ever been racialized.Hewitt said he then told the woman he wanted to cover the meeting for an assignment. He said the woman told him that because he was not a racialized student, he could not sit in on the meeting. Hewitt and Knope then left the room. It felt really bad  kind of embarrassing,  Knope said.  If their goal in these meetings was to end racialization then it needs to be something everybody is involved in. If some people are causing the problems, they need to know. Grouping yourself off  is not going to accomplish anything. The Racialized Students  Collective is part of the Ryerson Students  Union (RSU). Its website states that the group  oppose(s) all forms of racism and work towards community wellness for students,  that they focus on  building an anti-racist network  and  fostering an anti-racist environment through campus-wide services, campaigns and events. Knope said while she understands they are a support group for each other and don t want others there, she doesn t understand why the events are then listed as public and as an RSU campaign. It seemed really ironic to me that the meeting was about racialization and they were prohibiting certain people from entering,  she said. Right now it s almost like they re suggesting they can make racialization go away (and that) if everyone who has been racialized just talks  it will magically go away,  Hewitt added.RSU coordinator Vajdaan Tanveer told The Ryersonian over the phone that members of the collective have requested a safe space on campus, where they can have an open conversation. We don t want (racialized) students to feel intimidated, that they can t speak their mind because they are afraid of being judged or something they say might be used against them,  he said.When asked about Hewitt and Knope s incident, Tanveer confirmed they couldn t attend the meeting because they were white. In terms of educating, we have some events for public,  he said.  We use the opportunity to tell them about the work and how they can get involved. Via: WhiteRabbitRadio.net ",0
21693,SWANKY NYC HOTEL TURNS AWAY NAVY OFFICER FOR WEARING UNIFORM [Video],"Because you can t take a chance that a sailor in uniform might offend an anti-military patron Manhattan s swanky Standard hotel has issued an apology after a Navy officer wearing her iconic white uniform was turned away by a bouncer   during Fleet Week.The sailor was blocked at the elevator to the Top of The Standard lounge around 8 p.m. Saturday when she arrived with three others who wore cocktail attire, one member of the spurned group told the Daily News on Monday. We walked in, went to the elevator and were stopped by a doorman who said,  Hey man, there s a dress code,  said Ryan O Connor, the husband of the sailor s cousin.  I said,  Wait, are you rejecting us because someone is in a service uniform?  He kind of rolled his eyes and wouldn t budge. I was wearing a $400 blazer and dress shoes. We were all dressed nice. The only person sticking out was the Navy officer,  he said. The sailor requested anonymity.O Connor, a 32-year-old tech consultant, said he asked someone at the hotel s front desk to intervene on his group s behalf and was told the decision was up to the  lounge s discretion. We were all shocked and upset,  he said.  This was Memorial Day weekend and walking distance from Ground Zero. This should have been a no-brainer. The Rhode Island sailor stationed in Virginia declined to give an interview Monday, but her relatives spoke out and sent an email to The Standard s management expressing their outrage at her treatment. A general manager responded to the family by email Sunday and invited the sailor back. We most certainly do appreciate and take a lot of pride (in) all the young people giving their lives to defend our nation,  manager Nayara Branco wrote to the family. As per regular protocol, our team at the Top of The Standard is instructed to enforce a dress code   which obviously should not apply to military uniforms. Once again, our sincere apologies for the miscommunication at our end, the issue has been brought to all of our team s attention and it will certainly not repeat itself,  the manager at Top of The Standard & Le Bain said. It would be a great honor to host her and her fellow colleagues  at some point in the future, she wrote.Via: NYDaily News",0
21694,"ST PAUL, MN PUBLIC SCHOOLS ‘White Privilege’ TRAINING ASKS TEACHERS: “When do you wear the hood?”","Minnesota the hotbed of liberalism and  diversity  in the Midwest While teachers blow the whistle on the breakdown of discipline for black students in St. Paul Public Schools, a photo has emerged from an  equity  training that might leave some to wonder what s actually being taught to teachers.Aaron Benner, a fourth grade teacher in the district, told EAGnews about how black students  are frequently not held accountable for their actions  due to  white privilege  training for teachers and administrators. As a black man I can say that they are hurting black kids,  Benner said.  I ve never seen anything as idiotic as PEG. Everything we do, PEG is at the forefront. It s so comical. PEG says shouting out in class is a black cultural norm, and being on time is a white cultural thing. It s so demeaning, so condescending to black kids. If a white person were making claims like this, black people would be in an uproar. You are not doing kids any favors by making excuses for them because they are black. It s not a matter of culture if you re talking about norms that all cultures need to abide by   you cannot throw things or attack your teacher, regardless of your race. Now, a source has provided photographic evidence of the tenor of some of the  white privilege  training being administered to St. Paul teachers.According to the source, the photo is from a training this year at Bruce Vento Elementary during a staff meeting.It features a figure wearing a Ku Klux Klan hood with the question,  When do you wear the hood? The principal allegedly displayed the picture and  asked the staff to sit in silence and reflect on it for 3 to 4 minutes. The source refused to elaborate out of fear of retribution.Another source said,  This picture   and the idea that it would be helpful in some way   is totally unbelievable. An email to Scott Masini, principal of Bruce Vento, was not immediately returned.Last May, the Pioneer Press reported the St. Paul district had spent at least $1.2 million on such training from Pacific Educational Group, a San Francisco-based company that conducts similar trainings in school districts across America.Last fall, the Star Tribune reported St. Paul schools inked a $246,500 contract with PEG for  equity  training    $133,500 less than the agreement approved for 2013-14. Bruce Vento Elementary s website details the district s  equity  plan, which includes examining  the presence and role of  Whiteness.  Via: EAG NewsFrom the Un-Fair Campaign which originates in Duluth, MN: This campaign is about white privilege and so these suggestions are focused on what white people can do. Use the resources listed below to learn more.Learn how historically white privilege has benefited you and other white people. Accept that you have unearned privilege and advantages write them down Start seeing/hearing the privileges and advantages you have:Below is a  White Privilege  video put together by the Un-Fair Campaign: ",0
21695,LAWLESS: OBAMA WON’T TAKE EXECUTIVE AMNESTY TO SUPREME COURT,"Why should Barack Obama bother with the courts? He s always been above the law. He s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. He s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels, dangerous gangs, pedophiles, members of terror groups and rapists crossing our open borders. He doesn t need a law to ensure that in exchange for votes for the Democrat party, American taxpayers will reward illegal aliens with the right to free education, free food, free health care and subsidized housing. Who needs the law when you re  America s First Black President. The Obama administration revealed today that it will not take the fight over executive immigration amnesty to the Supreme Court, essentially admitting defeat in its fight to lift a court-ordered stay placed by a Texas judge.Obama s executive actions still have to be settled in court, but yesterday s decision prevented the administration from moving forward in its efforts to sign up illegal immigrants for the amnesty programs. The department believes the best way to achieve this goal is to focus on the ongoing appeal on the merits of the preliminary injunction itself,  said Patrick Rodenbush, a spokesman for the Justice Department to the New York Times.  Although the department continues to disagree with the Fifth Circuit s refusal to stay the district court s preliminary injunction, the department has determined that it will not seek a stay from the Supreme Court. The arguments for the legal battle begin next month before the Fifth Circuit court, but the results of yesterday s decision mean the final will likely be pushed into 2016. There s an important hearing scheduled for July 6 at which the Department of Justice is preparing its arguments on the legal merits of the executive actions that the president announced last fall,  White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One.  The Department of Justice remains focused on that argument and that hearing proceeding on an expedited basis. Obama is traveling to Miami today for a series of fundraisers for the Democratic National Committee.Via: Breitbart News",0
21696,[VIDEO] BALTIMORE MAYOR TRIES TO EMBARRASS FOX NEWS REPORTER…White House Suggests Gun Control Will Solve Crime In Baltimore,"Megyn Kelly interviews The Blaze s Dana Loesch about Baltimore s racist, anti-cop mayor, after she took umbrage over FOX News reporter, Leland Vittert asking her about bloody Memorial Day weekend and lashes out at him during press conference. White House spokes liar, Josh Earnest suggests gun control would solve the issue of violence. Is it really that hard to figure out that the cops just aren t interesting in risking their lives to protect a bunch of ingrates who throw rocks, bricks and molotov cocktails at them?",0
21697,"WATCH: ANGRY PARENTS WALK OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL’S RACIST, ANTI-COP COMMENCEMENT SPEECH [Video]","Another leftist educator uses the precious time they ve been given to deliver an inspirational speech to high school graduates to instead, deliver a radical, divisive and hateful message. A Missouri high school principal sent some parents toward the exits last week when he made a disparaging remark about police  killing young black men  during a graduation speech.Belton High School Principal Fred Skretta was talking about why he became a teacher when he suddenly veered off in an unexpected direction. I wanted to be a teacher because I wanted to change the world, I wanted to make it a better place,  he told the audience.  I m going to be honest with you, in a lot of ways I fear that we are not there yet. If we were there, we wouldn t have conflicts between police killing young black men. https://youtu.be/mQHKFGBPREUNever mind the poor sentence structure. Some parents were so offended by the commentary they got up and walked out of the ceremony, according to Fox 4 News. I found it very inappropriate, I am highly offended,  a parent said.  You don t use the platform of a child s graduation to push a political agenda or push your personal opinions.  Your job is supposed to inspire, educate, inform and not indoctronize one way or the other. Interestingly, Fox4News reported that Skretta posted an apology on social media after the ceremony, but the Twitter account appears to have been deleted since then.The apology, according to the Fox affiliate: TY all at #BHS graduation! I apologize if my remarks were offensive. Our law enforcement have difficult jobs & I meant no disrespect #agape  Doc Skretta (@Principal_BHS) May 17, 2015 Belton district deputy superintendent, Steve Morgan, later offered an apology also, Fox4News reported. Comments were made at graduation and they certainly are not reflective of the district, so we sent out an apology in a statement today that went to all patrons reflecting that,  Morgan said.Via: BizPac Review",0
21698,PRO-LIFE LICENSE PLATE DEEMED ‘Patently Offensive’ BY FEDERAL APPEALS COURT,"Because after all, what s more offensive than choosing to allow your baby to live?The pro-life message can be classified as  patently offensive,  a federal appeals court ruled last week. The new opinion came as a three-judge panel ruled that New York state was right to reject a  Choose Life  license plate on the grounds that it may grate on New Yorkers  political sensibilities.The judges split on whether New York could deny a pro-adoption group the right to have its own license plate, although the state has in the past allowed plates endorsing political causes associated with the liberal viewpoint, such as environmentalism.Judge Rosemary Pooler, who was appointed by President Clinton, wrote that the state s denial did not harm anyone s right to freedom of expression, because drivers  may display a  Choose Life  bumper sticker   or even cover every available square inch of their vehicle with such stickers. That message will resonate just as loudly as if vehicle displayed a  Choose Life  license plate. Judge Debra Ann Livingston, a President George W. Bush appointee, wrote in her dissent that  a proposed custom plate depicting a sun and two smiling children, and bearing the words,  Choose Life  [thought] to be  patently offensive  was  surprising. Pro-adoption organizations should have the same speech rights as any other organization. While the district court affirmed this basic freedom, the circuit court denied free speech in favor of government censorship,  said Jeremy Tedesco, senior counsel at ADF.  The state doesn t have the authority to target The Children First Foundation specialty plates for censorship based on its life-affirming viewpoint. The ruling is the lastest round in a legal battle that has raged for more than a decade and, pro-lifers say, seen state officials repeatedly suppress their First Amendment rights.The Children First Foundation applied for the specialty license plate in 2002, but state officials say the message and design was  too controversial.  In 2004, the Alliance Defending Freedom filed a lawsuit on CFF s behalf.New York s Department of Motor Vehicles repeatedly denied the  Choose Life  license plates on the grounds that the message was  patently offensive. The same appeals court rejected an effort to suppress the plates made by then-Attorney General Eliot Spitzer and agreed that Albany officials denied the plates based on viewpoint discrimination.Via: LifeSite News ",0
21699,PREVIEW OF WHAT’S TO COME IN AMERICA: UK Immigration Officers Threatened and Bullied Into Submission By Crowd [VIDEO],"Nothing says  authority  like an unarmed officer in a mob of lawless thugs Footage showing at least six Home Office immigration officers being hounded off the streets of Peckham has emerged on the internet.The short video shows two officers getting into a brief physical altercation with one man, pushing him back into the crowd. Then another in the crowd is heard shouting  I ll f*** you up! I ll f*** him up next time .The officers, including a female officer, look nervous before getting into two vans and pulling away, to the delight of the mob.The footage is believed to have been shot on Saturday afternoon. The video emerged first on Facebook on Saturday evening, and then on YouTube on Sunday.Rabble reported:  we know that these raids happen frequently in Peckham and in other black and migrant areas. And this is not the first time that they have been resisted and chased off. Similar YouTube videos dating from 2013 and 2014 show scenes in Southall, London and the West End. In both cases, opposition to the Enforcement Agency was organised by socialist activists.In a West End restaurant, the officers are shown asking to see people s passports and asking questions such as  when did you get your British passport?  Pro-immigration activists with British accents can then be heard telling locals  You don t have to answer any questions  and  Everybody is free to leave whenever they want. You can just get up and walk out.  The officers are then hounded down the streets by a mob chanting  Off our streets, racist scum. In Southall, the Southall Black Sisters Against Enforcement shout  UK BA [Border Agency] Go Away  and  Our streets, out rights  down megaphones held inches from officers  faces. The two officers politely inform members of the crowd that they can meet to discuss concerns.Activism against immigration officers is encouraged by the Anti-Raids Network, which posted this weekend s video to their site, along with the commentary:  The video of the incident offers a rare glimpse of the beautiful moment when often-silenced voices on the  debate  on immigration come together in a message loud and clear for those in power: enough of your populist racist bullshit, enough of your demagoguery, enough of your divide-and-rule tactics   we live and work side by side one another, and we will fight for each other. Elsewhere, activists writing for the website vow to  show maximum solidarity with our  illegal  brothers and sisters,  by actively opposing the deportation of illegal immigrants, who they claim are being  socially cleansed : We have a vision. A city   a country, a world   with zero tolerance for attacks and harassment by cops, home office  enforcers , or private security. Where if the uniformed bullies turn up to smash someone s door in, barge their way into a workplace, or stop people in the street, they get surrounded by neighbours and passers-by who know the score and won t take their bullshit.Via: Breitbart News",0
21700,BELGIAN MAYOR IS THREATENED BY ISLAMISTS: Convert To Islam Or Die,"Coming to a town near you A sign was hung in a public square in Antwerp, Belgium threatening Mayor Bart De Wever with death if he did not convert to Islam, Belgian media reported Sunday.The message was written in French, one of the three official languages of Belgium, the others being Dutch and German.Het Laatste Nieuws reported (via Google Translate): By N-VA chairman Bart De Wever again death threats walked. In a letter drafted in French which was hung on the Handschoenmarkt, the mayor of Antwerp was threatened with execution if he did not convert to Islam. How serious the threat should be taken remains to be seen, said De Wever in The News on VTM. La Libre also reported on the threat: Des nouvelles menaces de mort ont  t  prof r es   l encontre du pr sident de la N-VA Bart De Wever. Formul es dans une lettre r dig e en fran ais, elles ont  t  affich es au Handschoenmarkt,   Anvers. Le document menace le bourgmestre d Anvers d une ex cution s il ne se convertit pas   l islam.  J ai toujours pr dit que nous ne serions pas quitte dans l imm diat de la menace de cet islam extr miste. Cela a  t  n glig  durant des ann es. Cette plaie est   pr sent ouverte avec la Syrie et beaucoup de pus s en  chappera encore avant que nous n en soyons d barrass s  a comment  dimanche le patron de la N-VA sur VTM. On Monday, Russian government-owned Sputnik News published an English translation of De Wever s statement regarding the Islamist death threat along with an estimate of the number of Belgian Muslims who have left to join ISIS: I always warned that we will not get rid of the threat from Islamic extremists in the near future. This was ignored for years. This wound became apparent now with [the current developments in] Syria and will fester for a long time before we will get rid of it,  de Wever said. According to September 2014 statistics from Belgium s Ministry of Interior, between 300 and 350 Belgians have gone to fight alongside the ISIL in Iraq and Syria since 2012. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21701,FLORIDA CROWD ATTACKS POLICE OFFICER ATTEMPTING TO MAKE ARREST,"A citizenry with no respect for the law or our law enforcement officers is the result of a lawless President who encourages this kind of behavior by making the criminal out to be the victim Police in Melbourne said one of their officers was attacked by a crowd as he tried to make an arrest Saturday.The officer approached Phoenix Low, 22, about an ordinance violation on New Haven Avenue, and Low became combative, police said.The officer tried to arrest Low, at which point he resisted and attempted to run, according to police.Police said as the officer tried to place Low in handcuffs,  a crowd surrounded the officer and began to interfere with attempts to arrest Low by yelling, striking and pulling at the officer and the prisoner. The officer used  less-lethal force  on the crowd.Low was able to break free and run away before being captured again, police said.Low was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer, resisting with violence, resisting without violence and open container of alcohol.According to police, this is the second time that a crowd has tried to interfere with an arrest in the past two weeks.Via: wesh.com",0
21702,CLASSLESS HOLLYWOOD LIB ADDRESSES THOUSANDS AT COMMENCEMENT SPEECH…Drops “F-Bomb” In Whiny Opening Line,"Just another whiny radical leftist keeping it classy. Birds of a feather Robert De Niro delivered the commencement speech to graduates of NYU s Tisch School of the Arts on Friday, opening up his remarks with a blunt warning:  You re f***ed. The Oscar-winning actor grinned as he told the film, art, and media graduates at the Theater at Madison Square Garden that while those with degrees in law and business  used reason and logic and common sense to research a career,  the art school graduates would  have to keep working  to find steady employment. You discovered a talent, developed an ambition and recognized your passion,  De Niro said, according to the Associated Press.  When you feel that, you can t fight it. Just go with it. When it comes to the arts, passion should always trump common sense. You re an artist   yeah, you re f***ed,  the actor continued.  The good news is that s not a bad place to start. De Niro, who won an Academy Award for both 1975 s The Godfather: Part II and 1981 s Raging Bull, also offered up some tips on how to make it in Hollywood, according to the Hollywood Reporter. He warned the graduates about facing a  lifetime of rejection,  but said  you don t want to block the pain too much. Rejection might sting, but my feeling is that often, it has very little to do with you. When you re auditioning or pitching, the director or producer or investor may have someone different in mind, that s just how it is. That happened recently when I was auditioning for the role of Martin Luther King in Selma! Which was too bad because I could ve played the hell out of that part. I felt it was written for me! But the director had something different in mind, and she was right. It seems the director is always right.The Oscar-winner also told graduates to use the word  Next  to move from project to project. You didn t get that part? Next! You ll get the next one or the next one after that,  he said.  I know you re going to make it. Break a leg. Next! According to the New York Daily News, most of the graduates in attendance laughed off the actor s blunt advice. He was just being honest,  22-year-old graduate Jamie Jensen told the paper.  We were all just laughing. It s so true in a way   we all joke about it. You know it going in to art school. But Jensen s mother did not exactly approve of De Niro s colorful language. It was right at the beginning   first line,  Maria Jensen told the paper of the actor s many uses of expletives.  You don t really want to use the F-bomb in front of thousands of people. That s just my take. Via: Breitbart News",0
21703,"BREAKING: [VIDEO] Baltimore Thug Arrested After Shooting 5 People, Falls Down When He Sees TV Cameras And Claims Injury","A scene straight from the Freddie Gray School of Bad Actors A Baltimore man arrested in connection to the shooting of five people, one fatally, in East Baltimore on Wednesday was captured on video collapsing to the ground while in handcuffs   seemingly right after he spotted a news camera. My back! My back!  the suspect started screaming.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|1000011|SPS'); // ]]>The man s condition was unclear, but viewers immediately accused the suspect of attempting to fake the injury. WMAR-TV s anchor also noticed that the man went to the ground after seemingly seeing their camera on the scene.He eventually got back up and was loaded into a police vehicle.Looks like the guy who fell down in the live shot is heading to Central Booking pic.twitter.com/eDG13eKv5h  Christian Schaffer (@chrisfromabc2) May 20, 2015Via: The Blaze",0
21704,VATICAN ADVISOR: Says Pope Will Call On World At UN To Join Crusade For a New World Order…Would Like US To Pay $845 BILLION GLOBAL TAX To Combat ‘Climate Change’,"Members of the Catholic church need to pay close attention to the radical statements that are being made by the Vatican s top advisor, Jeffrey Sachs. Sachs has been described as  arguably the world s foremost proponent of population control,  including abortion.Top Vatican adviser Jeffrey Sachs says that when Pope Francis visits the United States in September, he will directly challenge the  American idea  of God-given rights embodied in the Declaration of Independence.Sachs, a special advisor to the United Nations and director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University, is a media superstar who can always be counted on to pontificate endlessly on such topics as income inequality and global health. This time, writing in a Catholic publication, he may have gone off his rocker, revealing the real global game plan.The United States, Sachs writes in the Jesuit publication, America, is  a society in thrall  to the idea of unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But the  urgent core of Francis  message  will be to challenge this  American idea  by  proclaiming that the path to happiness lies not solely or mainly through the defense of rights but through the exercise of virtues, most notably justice and charity. In these extraordinary comments, which constitute a frontal assault on the American idea of freedom and national sovereignty, Sachs has made it clear that he hopes to enlist the Vatican in a global campaign to increase the power of global or foreign-dominated organizations and movements.Sachs takes aim at the phrase, which comes from America s founding document, the United States Declaration of Independence, that  We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. These rights sound good, Sachs writes, but they re not enough to guarantee the outcome the global elites have devised for us. Global government, he suggests, must make us live our lives according to international standards of development. In the United States,  Sachs writes,  we learn that the route to happiness lies in the rights of the individual. By throwing off the yoke of King George III, by unleashing the individual pursuit of happiness, early Americans believed they would achieve that happiness. Most important, they believed that they would find happiness as individuals, each endowed by the creator with individual rights. While he says there is some  grandeur in this idea,  such rights  are only part of the story, only one facet of our humanity. The Sachs view is that global organizations such as the U.N. must dictate the course of nations and individual rights must be sacrificed for the greater good. One aspect of this unfolding plan, as outlined in the Sachs book, The End of Poverty, involves extracting billions of dollars from the American people through global taxes. We will need, in the end, to put real resources in support of our hopes,  he wrote.  A global tax on carbon-emitting fossil fuels might be the way to begin. Even a very small tax, less than that which is needed to correct humanity s climate-deforming overuse of fossil fuels, would finance a greatly enhanced supply of global public goods.  Sachs has estimated the price tag for the U.S. at $845 billion.In preparation for this direct assault on our rights, the American nation-state, and our founding document, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon told a Catholic Caritas International conference in Rome on May 12 that climate change is  the defining challenge of our time,  and that the solution lies in recognizing that  humankind is part of nature, not separate or above. The pope s expected encyclical on climate change is supposed to help mobilize the governments of the world in this crusade.But a prestigious group of scholars, churchmen, scientists, economists, and policy experts has issued a detailed rebuttal, entitled,  An Open Letter to Pope Francis on Climate Change,  pointing out that the Bible tells man to have dominion over the earth. Good climate policy must recognize human exceptionalism, the God-given call for human persons to  have dominion  in the natural world (Genesis 1:28), and the need to protect the poor from harm, including actions that hinder their ascent out of poverty,  the letter to Pope Francis states.Released by a group called the Cornwall Alliance, the letter urges the Vatican to consider the evidence that climate change is largely natural, that the human contribution is comparatively small and not dangerous, and that attempting to mitigate the human contribution by reducing CO2 emissions  would cause more harm than good, especially to the world s poor. The Heartland Institute held a news conference on April 27 at the Hotel Columbus in Rome to warn the Vatican against embracing the globalist agenda of the climate change movement. The group is hosting the 10th International Conference on Climate Change in Washington, D.C., on June 11-12.However, it appears as if the Vatican has been captured by the globalist forces associated with Sachs and the United Nations.Voice of the Family, a group representing pro-life and pro-family Catholic organizations from around the world, has taken issue not only with the Vatican s involvement with Sachs, but with Ban Ki Moon, describing the two as  noted advocates of abortion who operate at the highest levels of the United Nations. Sachs has been described as  arguably the world s foremost proponent of population control,  including abortion.Voice of the Family charges that environmental issues such as climate change have become  an umbrella to cover a wide spectrum of attacks on human life and the family. Although Sachs likes to claim he was an adviser to Pope John Paul II, the noted anti-communist and pro-life pontiff, Sachs simply served as a member of a group of economists invited to confer with the Pontifical Council on Justice and Peace in advance of the release of a papal document.In fact, Pope John Paul II had worked closely with the Reagan administration in opposition to communism and the global population control movement. He once complained that a U.N. conference on population issues was designed to  destroy the family  and was the  snare of the devil. Pope Francis, however, seems to have embraced the very movements opposed by John Paul II.Sachs, who has emerged as a very influential Vatican adviser, recently tweeted that he was  thrilled  to be at the Vatican  discussing moral dimensions of climate change and sustainable development.  The occasion was a Vatican workshop on global warming on April 28, 2015, sponsored by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences of the Roman Catholic Church. Sachs was a featured speaker.The plan going forward involves the launching of what are called  Sustainable Development Goals,  as envisioned by a Sustainable Development Solutions Network run by none other than Jeffrey Sachs. The Network has proposed draft Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) which contain provisions that are radically antagonistic to the right to life from conception to natural death, to the rights and dignity of the family and to the rights of parents as the primary educators of their children,  states the group Voice of the Family.In July, a Financing for Development conference will be held, in order to develop various global tax proposals, followed by a conference in Paris in December to complete a new climate change agreement.Before that December conference, however, Sachs says the pope will call on the world at the United Nations to join the crusade for a New World Order.Sachs says,  Pope Francis will come to the United States and the United Nations in New York on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the United Nations, and at the moment when the world s 193 governments are resolved to take a step in solidarity toward a better world. On Sept. 25, Pope Francis will speak to the world leaders most likely the largest number of assembled heads of state and government in history as these leaders deliberate to adopt new Sustainable Development Goals for the coming generation. These goals will be a new worldwide commitment to build a world that aims to harmonize the pursuit of economic prosperity with the commitments to social inclusion and environmental sustainability. Rather than emphasize the absolute need for safeguarding individual rights in the face of government overreach and power, Sachs writes that the Gospel teachings of humility, love, and justice,  like the teachings of Aristotle, Buddha and Confucius,  can take us on a  path to happiness through compassion  and  become our guideposts back to safety. Writing elsewhere in the new issue of America, Christiana Z. Peppard, an assistant professor of theology, science, and ethics at Fordham University, writes about the  planetary pope,  saying,  What is really at stake in the collective response to the pope s encyclical is not, ultimately, whether our treasured notions of theology, science, reality or development can accommodate moral imperatives. The real question is whether we are brave enough and willing to try. The plan is quite simple: world government through global taxes, with a religious face to bring it about.Via: Western Journalism",0
21705,[VIDEO] SHOCKING ‘SILENCE OF THE LAMBS’ LIKE INTERVIEW WITH SERIAL MURDERER," The banality of evil  is how Ann McElhinney, co-producer of the  Gosnell  movie describes meeting with serial murderer, Dr. Kermit Gosnell. In her emotional interview with Dana Loesch, Ann describes her visit as  chilling  and  sitting in the presence of evil. Ann McElhinney recently interviewed Kermit Gosnell, an abortionist sentenced to life in prison for first-degree murder, for a movie she and her husband are making about the man. She said she couldn t speak for more than an hour after the interview concluded because of how profoundly disturbing the experience was. He has an answer for everything,  McElhinney said on TheBlaze TV s Dana.  He lives in his own world. Every word that comes out of his mouth is a lie. He lies so easily. McElhinney said she has met many criminals throughout her journalistic career, but with Gosnell she said  you are really sitting in the presence of evil. It s almost like all of those literature references to evil and to the devil. He smiles all the time,  McElhinney said, visibly shaken.  He touched my leg. He was physically inappropriate   sat far, far too close in my personal space. Extremely disturbing. McElhinney said Gosnell is  really happy  and  relaxed  in prison, and started singing twice during the interview in which she asked him about the baby who was born alive during a botched abortion, whose neck he then  snipped  with a scissors. I haven t met anyone who chilled my blood to that extent ever before,  she concluded.  This man has no sense of guilt. Via: The Blaze",0
21706,VETERANS CAN’T GET HEALTH CARE…But These MN Somali Muslims Got US Taxpayer Dollars For College…Used It For Jihad,"Our State Department brought in over 1 million 1 LEGAL immigrants entered the US in the last 20 years as a result of the Refugee Admissions program that was brainchild of Senator Ted Kennedy and was signed into law by President George H.W. Bush in 1990. Its primary purpose was to increase diversity in America. Has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?Clockwise, Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19, Guled Omar, 20, Zacharia Yusuf Adurahman, 19, and Adnan Abdihamid Farah, 19. They are four of six Minnesota Muslims that have been charged with traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State.Using college loans. Out. of control. Obama s jihad immigration policies now have us funding our own demise. Where is the oversight? Where is the outrage?Described as good students, hard workers, all had plenty of connections to community. Some of the young men got a head start on racking up college credits in high school. Some juggled college and jobs that helped them chip in for family budgets. Some worshiped NBA stars and caught college-night games at Target Center. Hmmmm, what went wrong?Sherburne County Sheriff s Office, via Associated Press Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19.Two Twin Cities men charged with conspiracy to fight alongside terrorists now face financial fraud charges for allegedly using their college loans to purchase airline tickets to fly to the Middle East.In a superseding indictment unsealed Tuesday by the U.S. attorney s office in Minnesota, Hamza Ahmed and Hanad Mustafe Musse were charged with using more than $1,000 of financial aid provided to them.Ahmed, 20, of Savage, and Musse, 19, of Minneapolis, are among seven young Somali-Americans from Minnesota who face charges of planning to leave the United States and fight alongside Islamic extremist groups. Six of them were charged in April.During the past two years, more than 20 Somali-Americans from Minnesota have left to fight alongside terrorists with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL, according to the FBI.The new indictment says that Ahmed and Musse bought airline tickets on Nov. 8, 2014, from New York s John F. Kennedy Airport to Europe, using more than $1,000 in federal college financial aid. Ahmed used his aid money to purchase a flight to Istanbul, Turkey, authorities say. Musse used similar funds to buy a ticket to travel to Greece. From those two destinations, authorities say the pair then planned on heading to Syria. Ahmed had actually boarded his flight when he was ordered off the plane by officers from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection.In a related matter, Abdirahman Daud, 21, another alleged conspirator, made his first appearance in federal court in Minneapolis on Tuesday morning before U.S. Chief District Judge Michael Davis. Daud was arrested by the FBI in San Diego in late April, along with alleged conspirator Mohamed Farah, after they drove from Minneapolis to California. They were accompanied on the trip by a confidential informant who was working for the FBI.Daud and Farah allegedly planned to acquire false documents in San Diego in order to cross into Mexico. From there, they planned on flying to the Middle East with the intent of entering Syria to fight, authorities say.Daud, who is charged with providing material support to terrorists, is scheduled to appear for a detention hearing Friday afternoon in front of Davis. Farah is charged with conspiracy and is expected to be returned to the Twin Cities later this week. Farah s brother, Adnan, was arrested last month in connection with the case and is charged with providing support to terrorists. He is being held in the Sherburne County jail.Via: Pamela Gellar",0
21707,LIB PROFESSOR AND HARVARD GRAD SAYS PEDOPHILIA IS NOT A CRIME…Read Why…,"Perhaps if one of her children or a close relative was sexually abused by a pedophile, she may not be so generous with her assessment of these criminals Margo Kaplan is not very popular today. In the Monday edition of the New York Times, the Rutgers-Camden law professor, an NYU and Harvard graduate, takes to the op-ed pages to argue that we ve got it all wrong when it comes to pedophilia. She writes that pedophiles don t necessarily turn out to be child molesters and that pedophilia is not a choice, i.e. a pedophile might be born that way. We reached her in her office in Camden to discuss.You really lit up the comments section of the op-ed page today. Yes, but I have to be honest. I am getting more emails of support than I ever expected. I m shocked. I expected to get maybe 95% negative emails, but I ve gotten so many positive ones. The online comments, though, are pretty uniformly negative, and a lot of people haven t even read the article.I know your pain. Who are you getting these positive emails from?A lot of people I don t even know. There s a former prosecutor, a judge, a nurse. Individuals with family members who have pedophilia.How much of the population has pedophilia?We re not entirely sure, but the estimates are around one-percent of the male population, and those in the female population are assumed to be much smaller. As far as the number of people with pedophilia who do sex offend and who do not, there are a lot of assumptions but very little data, because we have very little treatment, very little information.Why is that?There is so much stigma. There is very little reason to come forth and identify as a pedophile. There are no large scale studies, no large treatment programs, no big research studies on this. I contacted the National Institutes of Health, and they don t spend any money on pedophilia.But you are basically saying, hey, let s take it easy on pedophiles. Well, but I am not saying that about sex offenders. I say that they remain responsible for their conduct. We need to treat pedophiles before they offend. People see the word  pedophile  and think  sex offender.  People choose to sex offend children. They do not choose to be pedophiles.Since you say there are so many misconceptions, why don t you tell us what a pedophile really is.A person with an intense and recurrent sexual attraction to prepubescent children, children who have not yet entered any form of puberty. And according to the DSM [Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders], it constitutes a mental disorder when you act on it, but not just that. It also constitutes a mental disorder if it causes  marked distress or interpersonal difficulty,  and, as you can imagine, pedophilia will cause this.In your article, you open by saying that as a pedophile s numerical age increases into teenage years and then adulthood, the numerical age of those he is attracted to does not. Are most pedophiles really starting that young?For many individuals, it is really an onset in adolescence, similar to how many sexual attractions happen. Individuals who are heterosexual, you realize you are attracted to the opposite sex when you are a kid. For a pedophile, you get older, but you keep being attracted to little kids, and many people start to realize this during adolescence. So imagine trying to deal with that during adolescence in addition to the other confusing feelings that you re having.If America is totally off course on this issue, is there any country that is getting it right? We re not that unique. But Germany is ahead of the curve. They have a large scale treatment program called Prevention Project Dunkenfeld, which is probably the first large scale treatment project that also includes non-offenders. They have billboards everywhere:  Do you have attraction to children in ways that you shouldn t? You are not responsible for your attraction, but you are responsible for your behavior. OK, so as a guy with two young kids, how do I protect them? There s no easy answer to that, but you want to protect them from sex offenders. Most people who offend are not actually pedophiles. It s interesting: When you talk about pedophiles, people think about the children. And they re right. But what about the children who are struggling with this disorder? We need to help them, too.But you can understand if maybe I ll just try to keep them away from pedophiles anyway. I can understand that. We need to prevent pedophiles from sexually offending and to do that, we need to refocus on early intervention, treatment and prevention. It s not always going to work. No treatment of any mental disorder will always work. Depression treatment, schizophrenia treatment   they don t always work. But we don t throw our hands into the air and wait until the consequences of those conditions become bad before we do something. With pedophiles, we ve already thrown our hands into the air. We should not be taking this tactic. The dire consequences only make it more important that we reach out and treat early.Via: Phillymag.com ",0
21708,"BLACK TV HOST HAMMERS RACIST MOOCH: ‘The only hope you have Michelle Obama, is that everybody will be as miserable as you”","SPOT ON RACHEL ZONATION The Obamas pride themselves on being staples in the black community who can do no wrong in the eyes of African Americans. Unfortunately for them, however, more and more black people are turning on the Obamas and seeing them for what they really are.After seeing Michelle Obama s graduation speech at the predominantly black Tuskegee University, TV show host Alfonso Rachel knew that he could stay silent no longer. He took to his internet talk show to slam the first lady in a video that has gotten over 25,000 views in just 3 days.Here s an excerpt of what he said: If knowledge is power and you are graduating with the power of knowledge then how are you going to tolerate this agitator coming in to convince you, that you re a victim, despite the power you re graduating with. You are the first freaking lady of the United States and you re still a spoiled butt-hurt victim, whining about unfairness. You re not interested in representing the United States, you re not interested in representing ALL the people, your interest is in representing the black community and as the first lady you have represented us as bitter and spoiled. The only hope that people like you have, Michelle Obama is that people will be as miserable as you. Via: MrConservative.com",0
21709,AS ISIS HAS CELEBRATORY PARADE IN W. ANBAR PROVINCE OF IRAQ: Pathetic Obama Regime Asks Networks To Stop Using “B-loop” ISIS Footage,"A Pentagon spokesman claims it s more like  One Toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off.  Um Unless I m mistaken Barry, I see more than one Toyota Really? Because just the other day ISIS rolled into the W. Anbar province and actually held a parade to celebrate their victory. All of this pomp and circumstance took place in a country where Obama pulled our troops and declared he  ended the war in Iraq. Here is Barack Hussein Obama bragging about  ending the war in Iraq  and then wonders aloud to the press why they keep asking him about pulling out of Iraq like  as if it was my decision. Here is President George W. Bush in 2007 warning that if we pulled out of Iraq on a whim before our commanders told us we were ready, it would be  dangerous  and warned about  mass killings on a horrific scale. https://youtu.be/6ZkExYK_YWkInstead of fighting a war in Iraq, Obama and his regime are busy crafting a lie about the strength of ISIS and openly demanding that our state-run media comply with his propaganda. And now: Frustrated that coverage of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant isn t reflecting reality on the ground, senior Obama administration officials are urging television networks to update their footage of the radical militant group.Senior State Department and Pentagon officials have begun contacting television network reporters to ask them to stop using  B-roll    stock footage that appears on screen while reporters and commentators talk   showing ISIL at the peak of its strength last summer. We are urging broadcasters to avoid using the familiar B-roll that we ve all seen before, file footage of ISIL convoys operating in broad daylight, moving in large formations with guns out, looking to wreak havoc,  said Emily Horne, spokeswoman for retired Gen. John Allen, the State Department s special envoy leading the international coalition against ISIL. It s inaccurate   that s no longer how ISIL moves,  Horne said.  A lot of that footage is from last summer before we began tactical strikes. The effort is ad hoc for now, with U.S. officials approaching correspondents from several networks in informal settings. Representatives from CNN, NBC, Fox, or ABC did not respond to multiple requests for comment. A source at CBS said they hadn t heard from the administration yet regarding their footage. Since the U.S. began conducting air strikes against ISIL positions and convoys last August, America and its allies have dropped thousands of bombs against the group in Iraq and Syria. U.S. officials say ISIL fighters can no longer congregate in daylight or move in large convoys that are easily spotted   and struck   from above.A more accurate image, said Col. Steven Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, would be  one Toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off. Via: Politico",0
21710,"OBAMA TO GRANT WORK PERMITS FOR SPOUSES OF ILLEGAL ALIENS ON MAY 26, While 89% of Long-term Jobless Americans Would ‘Search Harder’ If Benefits Ran Out","40% of Americans have given up looking for work. Obama logic: Don t cut or reduce benefits for those unwilling to look for work, just give their jobs to illegal aliens makes perfect sense.A Large Percentage Of Americans Have Given Up Looking For WorkA new survey by staffing firm Express Employment Professionals shows that 40% of America s unemployed have  given up  looking for work.Not only are the long-term jobless being left behind but nearly 50% hold themselves responsible for not finding a job, the firm s  The State of the Unemployed  survey found.The survey of 1,553 jobless Americans age 18 and older was conducted online by Harris Poll on behalf of Express Employment Professionals between 7 and 29 April 2015. This survey shows that some of the troubling trends we observed last year are continuing. While the economy is indeed getting better for some, for others who have been unemployed long-term, they are increasingly being left behind. Meanwhile, more than 2 out of 5 unemployed Americans have been jobless for more than 2 years. That represents an increase from Y 2014, when 32% said they had been out of work for more than 2 years.48% report not having an interview in the last month; among them, 87% have not had an interview since the beginning of Y 2014 or earlier with 77% not having been on an interview since Y 2013.Among the unemployed, 14% are receiving unemployment benefits.Of those receiving benefits, 89% say they would  search harder and wider  for work if their benefits ran out before finding a job.Via:American workers who lost their jobs to foreign replacements are suing the federal government over a new rule that will allow more foreign workers into the job market.In a stated effort to encourage guest workers to stick around permanently, the Department of Homeland Security will now grant their spouses work permits in addition to visas. DHS estimates more than 100,000 spouses will be eligible to apply when it begins accepting applications May 26.The complaint, filed by the Immigration Reform Law Institute on behalf of the displaced workers, alleges DHS does not have the authority to make the rule, and that the rule violates federal labor protection law. IRLI is asking the judge to halt implementation of the rule until the case is heard. The larger implication is that Obama is arguing he has the executive authority to allow anyone to work in the United States,  John Miano, the attorney for the displaced workers, told The Daily Caller News Foundation.  [He] started with the children, then the parents, and now the spouses of H-1B workers. An update to the federal register indicates the Obama administration is also looking at expansions to other visa programs, he said.  If the president can let illegal aliens work, he can let anyone work and he s doing it. The workers are former employees of tech giant Southern California Edison, which was recently investigated for firing hundreds of American workers after forcing them to train their foreign replacements. (RELATED: Senators Ask Feds to Investigate Guest Worker Visa Abuse)The biggest challenge will be convincing a judge the workers he represents have legal standing to bring the case, Miano told TheDCNF.He ll argue the rule is relevant to the displaced workers because it will result in more competition in their job market. The government will counter that the workers can t prove the rule will affect their future job prospects.If the judge agrees to hear the case, Miano will then make the case that DHS overstepped the bounds of its authority and that the rule violates labor protection law. The law states that foreign work permits cannot adversely affect American wages, but all we ve seen during this administration is standards of living fall and outsized corporate profits continue to rise,  IRLI Executive Director Dale Wilcox said in a statement.  Via: The Daily Caller",0
21711,DISNEY WORKER TELLS HORROR STORY OF BEING FORCED TO TRAIN FOREIGN WORKER To Replace Him Or Forego Severance Package,"We ve been screaming from the rooftop that Obama s new open border policy will destroy job opportunities for Americans who really want to work. Can you hear us now?If they keep this up Disney won t be referred to as the  Happiest Place On Earth  for very much longer Republican senator and presidential candidate Marco Rubio is backing a bill that would triple the number of guest workers businesses could hire every year, after hundreds of workers in his state were fired and literally replaced by foreign guest workers.Disney, Southern California Edison and most recently Fossil Group have together fired hundreds of American tech workers and forced them to train their foreign replacements, many of whom were flown in specifically to take their job. You had me here one day, and the next day you had an Indian worker at a lower skill level sitting at my desk,  one of the hundreds of tech workers who Disney recently fired told The Daily Caller News Foundation.He and hundreds of his fellow  Cast Members  were informed last October they were being replaced by a foreign work force, and they could either stick around for 90 days and train their replacements   with a good attitude   or leave immediately and forego their severance packages.About a month before Disney broke the news, this worker got the very highest rating you can get from management in a performance review, received a raise and was told to expect a promotion. And just a week or two before the announcement, Disney announced record-breaking profits for the company.So when he was called in to that October meeting he was expecting some sort of promotion or pat on the back. Instead, he and the few dozen other highly regarded, knowledgable and experienced employees called into the meeting were told they had 90 days to find employment elsewhere. Twenty years of hard work, technical skill building, fostering relationships, a bachelor s degree in IT, guided me to a coveted position as an IT engineer at Disney,  he told TheDCNF, speaking on condition of anonymity, because he s waiting on legal advice.  And that was just wiped out. They were encouraged to apply for other jobs at Disney, and ordered to stay and fully train their replacements, if they wanted to keep their severance package. A 10 percent bonus was dangled as a reward for those who cooperated fully and maintained a great attitude.The office was soon flooded with the foreign workers, most of whom were fresh out of college. In the first phase, the foreign worker sat next to the American worker in  knowledge transfer sessions,  and videotaped everything they said and did, and then reviewed the tapes with the American worker to ensure accuracy.Via: The Daily Caller ",0
21712,MAJOR DONATIONS TO CLINTON FOUNDATION From Country Who Tortures Dissidents And Provided Lavish Digs For Bill and Chelsea During CGI Conference,"What s a million dollars between friends? To hell with human rights violations Hillary s got a campaign to win!A major Clinton Foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions, according to a new report from Amnesty International.The New York Times reports that despite promises of reform, the Moroccan government continues to use  violent interrogation tactics  to  crush dissent. Moroccan King Mohammed VI recently hosted Bill and Chelsea Clinton at a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Marrakech, where guests were  chauffeured across the city to an opulent 56-room palace that boasts a private collection of Arabian horses, overlooks the snow-capped Atlas Mountains and serves a fine-dining menu of  biolight  cuisine,  according to the Washington Post.    During the conference Bill cited  Morocco s longstanding friendship to my family,  and thanked the king, who pledged as much as $500,000 toward the construction of the Clinton Library, as well as the OCP Corporation, a government-owned phosphate mining company that has donated at least $1 million to the Clinton Foundation. In interviews with POLITICO, former OCP miners described witnessing verbal and physical abuse doled out by the government against member of a minority advocating for independence in Western Sahara.Amnesty International secretary general Salil Shetty blasted the Moroccan government in a statement, saying:  Morocco s leaders portray the image of a liberal, human-rights-friendly country. But as long as the threat of torture hangs over detention and dissent that image will just be a mirage. According to the report, Moroccan dissidents are repeatedly subjected to  beatings, stress positions, asphyxiation, simulated drowning, psychological and sexual violence,  as a means of securing confessions for alleged crimes against the state. One tactic, known as the  roast chicken,  involves  suspending detainees from an iron bar by their wrists and knees. It is not known whether Bill Clinton met with any Moroccan detainees while hobnobbing at the Clinton Foundation event, which featured a  lavish palm-tree-lined golf resort with a cocktail reception featuring Moroccan hors d oeuvres and a saxophonist serenading about 50 donors. Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
21713,‘GENTLE GIANT’ MICHAEL BROWN MEMORIAL UNVEILED…Video Captures Arrest Made At Memorial Spot On Same Day,"It would have been more appropriate for the plaque to mention that the Obama-Holder-Sharpton race war started here on Canfield Dr in Ferguson, MO. on Aug. 9, 2014 Mike Brown Sr. carried the plaque to Canfield Drive in the rain today.The makeshift Mike Brown memorial on Canfield Drive in Ferguson, Missouri caught fire and burned to the ground in September.The memorial was then ran over in December.The plaque to Mike Brown reads:In Memory of Michael O.D. Brown May 20, 1996   August 9, 2014I would like the memory of Michael Brown to be a happy one. He left an afterglow of smiles when life was done. He leaves an echo whispering softly down the ways, of happy and loving times times and bright and sunny days. He d like the tears of those who grieve, to dry before the sun of happy memories that he left behind when life was done.The last video of gentle Michael Brown was taken when he robbed a convenience store and roughed up the owner before his death.https://youtu.be/9Uf5mfE057EGentle Mike Brown was shot dead when he attacked a police officer after the robbery.There was at least one arrest today at the memorial ceremony.pic.twitter.com/mYWCgLGYGw  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 20, 2015Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21714,MUST WATCH COMEDY: ROOM FULL OF DEMS ARE ASKED TO NAME ONE OF HILLARY’S ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS SEC. OF STATE…., ,0
21715,STORE OWNER BASHES LIBERAL OBAMAITES AS HE SHUTS HIS DOORS AND MOVES, ,0
21716,WHY IS OBAMA DISARMING COPS IN AMERICA At Same Time Terror Threat Is Being Raised?,"In the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in U.S. cities, President Barack Obama is arbitrarily prohibiting local police and sheriff departments from obtaining military surplus equipment from the Defense Department as part of what many law enforcement officers are calling his war on police.Beginning on Monday, Obama visited a number of high-crime areas   especially those with large black populations   to explain the need for his unilateral action, according to news sources on Monday.President Obama s spokespeople said Monday that the administration will no longer give local cops some types of protective gear and vehicles while putting stricter controls on other weapons and equipment distributed to law enforcement. The details were released prior to Obama s visit to Camden, News Jersey, Monday afternoon to give a speech on how he will address police officers allegedly using racist tactics based on racist departmental policies.Obama and his supporters view police wearing protective riot gear and using armored vehicles as being overly-aggressive in neighborhoods that are predominately black and Hispanic. The President even accused some departments of issuing bayonets, which is demonstrably untrue, according to one police officer who claims she voted for Obama in 2008.  This President actually shows his dislike for local cops. I believe he wants to federalize policing and do away with local and state law enforcement. While the constitution prohibits that, when was the last time Obama cared about what the constitution says,  said Iris Aquino, a former police detective.During Obama s speech in Camden, New Jersey, a city reputed to have the highest violent crime rate in the United States, not once did he mention the police officers who were gunned down by blacks or whites within the last few months, noted a New York City police official who has been active fighting against the anti-cop Mayor Bill de Blasio.  That s because Obama like many liberal-left ideologues believe that police officers are the primary oppressors of minorities. The fact that Obama and the  racial-division industry    which includes the likes of Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson   keep blacks in a state of poverty in order to use their anger and resentment for their own political interests appears to escape the notice of the news media, another group that doesn t care about dead cops,  he said.Originally police officers were led to believe that Obama would continue the Pentagon s military surplus program, however a panel of his sycophants warned that there is a propensity for misuse of equipment such as armored vehicles, high-powered firearms and camouflage. But not one example of police misusing an armored vehicle has been reported.  I have not heard of one incident in which police misused an armored vehicle. These are defensive vehicles used by cops to protect themselves from gunfire, Molotov cocktails, explosives and weapons of mass destruction,  said former law enforcement commander Jack McGowan.  High-powered firearms? The police use nothing that even resembles a  powerful  firearm. And camo clothing is clothing. No one gets hurt from a shirt s design pattern,  McGowan said.Besides cutting off the flow of equipment that would have gone to local law enforcement, the Obama government considering a recall of certain equipment that was already give to local police and sheriffs departments.  I ll highlight steps all cities can take to maintain trust between the brave law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line, and the communities they re sworn to serve and protect,  Obama said in his weekly address out Saturday.Obama believes law enforcement is a necessary evil, claim his opponents.  He s never showed local cops any respect. He also doesn t trust any agency he doesn t directly control. This is an American leader who wants to federalize the law enforcement function and he has a lot supporters who trust big government over states rights,  political strategist Michael Baker.Former New York City Mayor Rudy Guiliani s Police Commissioner Howard Safir said he believes a  war on police,  exists in America, the anti-cop attitudes are being stoked up by Obama and his minions.  After 20 years of incredible crime reduction accomplished by thousands of dedicated police officers, the public has become complacent now that they are safer,  said Safir.  They have let the anti-police pundits and talking heads convince everyone from the president to the attorney general that police are racist and brutal. Via: Examiner",0
21717,Gangs Involved In Huge Biker Brawl Have “toned down their threats” After Warning Police Of Retaliation And Threat To kill “anyone in uniform”,"  We would encourage biker groups to stand down. There s been enough bloodshed.    Waco Police Sergeant W. Patrick SwantonPolice in Texas are on alert after two biker gangs involved in a deadly shootout in Waco over the weekend allegedly issued orders to shoot and kill uniformed law enforcement officers.State and federal authorities distributed memos to local police warning that the Cossacks and Bandidos motorcycle gangs had been told to arm themselves and head to North Texas in the wake of last weekend s bloody shootout. Nine people were killed and 18 injured in the gun fight, which erupted at a Twin Peaks restaurant in Waco on Sunday.Police made more than 170 arrests and confiscated guns and other weapons after the fight, which is believed to have involved up to five different biker gangs.https://youtu.be/4VV7gdwoJk8Sunday s bloody chaos consumed the Twin Peaks restaurant and spilled into its parking lot where bikers turned their weapons on police. Police returned fire, killing four bikers, CNN reported.The Bandidos are one of the largest motorcycle gangs in the world. Only the Hells Angels are bigger These outlaws ride Harley s, traffic drugs, carry weapons and run prostitution rings. 2,500 strong, the Bandidos rule the roads in the US and stretch across the globe from Europe to Asia and Australia. San Antonio, TX is the hub of the gangs activity:Law enforcement officers across Texas received memos Monday warning of possible retaliation. A bulletin posted by the Del Rio Sector Border Patrol said members of the Cossacks and Bandidos biker gangs had been instructed to  shoot and kill law uniformed law enforcement officers,  according to a CBS affiliate that covers the Dallas-Fort Worth area.Other law enforcement memos obtained by the station warned of  escalating violence  and said that members of the rival gangs, both of which originated in Texas in the 1960s, had been ordered to arm themselves and head to North Texas.A warning distributed by the Texas Department of Public Safety said the bikers were told to ignore orders from police they encountered on the way.Waco police told CNN that they had known the Twin Peaks restaurant was a hotspot for bikers, and that uniformed officers regularly patrolled the area closely in the months leading up to the deadly melee. But police presence wasn t enough to dissuade the bikers from violence. We wanted our presence to be known,  Waco Police Sergeant W. Patrick Swanton told CNN Wednesday.  They knew we were seconds away and going to respond. That mattered not to them   We would encourage biker groups to stand down. There s been enough bloodshed. In a news briefing Tuesday, Swanton noted that gangs  toned down  their threats for reprisal, although they remain a worry for law enforcement, according to Reuters.According to The New York Times, the biker meet-up over the weekend was originally  intended to discuss bikers  rights and how to work on issues of mutual concern,  but instead collapsed into violence, with a long-standing feud between the Bandidos and the Cossacks as the backdrop.If convicted, the gang members accused in the shooting could face the death penalty. Via: The Huffington PostHere is an ariel view of the police investigation following the gangs shooting spree:https://youtu.be/rDIDr8MJTbc ",0
21718,WILL TAYLOR SWIFT “Bestie” AND LEFTIST WHO LIED ABOUT BEING RAPED BY A REPUBLICAN Ruin Her Wholesome Image?," Misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born   Taylor Swiftmi sog y ny m s j n /Submit noun dislike of, contempt for, or ingrained prejudice against women. Becoming friends with Lena   without her preaching to me, but just seeing why she believes what she believes, why she says what she says, why she stands for what she stands for   has made me realize that I ve been taking a feminist stance without actually saying so,  she said at the time.Taylor Swift has decided to use her platform as Maxim magazine s June cover girl to address feminism, and says her music is unfairly categorized as whiny because of society s systematic misogyny.The 25-year-old singer, who has won seven Grammy s and is worth an estimated $200 million, explained to the men s publication why she believes there is a double standard when it comes to how others analyze her music. A man writing about his feelings from a vulnerable place is brave; A woman writing about her feelings from a vulnerable place is oversharing or whining,  she said.  Misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born. So to me, feminism is probably the most important movement that you could embrace, because it s just basically another word for equality,  she added.The seemingly impressionable mega star, who hadn t previous identified as a feminist, told the Guardian last August how one of her closest friends, Lena Dunham, put it into perspective for her.Approximately two months after she spoke to the Guardian, Swift told David Letterman how  empowering  Dunham was, while explaining how the two became friends. She direct messaged me, and she said  We need to be best friends. I feel like you ve been my best friend in my head for months and almost years now. So, I need to see you in person; then I will lavish you with complements in person,  Swift recounted.Fortune Magazine named Swift as the world s most influential female leader in March, citing her savvy business nature.While Swift speaks of a double standard surrounding her music, it has yet to affect her album sales or stop her from selling out two or three stadium shows every week.Just this past Sunday, the  Shake it Off  singer nabbed eight recognitions at the Billboard Music Awards, including top female artist, top artist, top Billboard 200 artist, top Billboard 200 album, top streaming song, and top Hot 100 artist.Watch: Taylor Swift Likes Lena Dunham- David Lettermanhttps://youtu.be/jFZsQKdR20UWhat was supposed to be Her Year has in fact turned out to be five-alarm disaster for Lena Dunham, the creator of HBO s  Girls.  A year ago, closing out 2014 had to look pretty exciting to the 28 year-old. No matter how good or bad it was, her memoir would be released to guaranteed critical acclaim (she is Lena Dunham after all), there were two major Golden Globe nominations, and the publicity surrounding the 4th season premiere of  Girls  was going to be bigger than anything anyone could have ever imagined.2014 was going to be Dunham s breakthrough; the year she went mainstream. Along with the gushing reviews of her memoir and slavish coverage from The New York Times, there would be countless magazine covers, talk show appearances, and a thousand slathering articles obsessing over her every tweet and utterance. The entertainment media was on board. The mainstream media was on board. And at first it all went according to plan.Things went so well there was even talk of Lena Dunham starring in a  Ghostbusters  remake. You don t get any more mainstream than that. And you certainly don t get any more mainstream than having a best friend forever like Taylor Swift.Then, in three words, it all fell apart: Hypocrisy, lies, children. Hypocrisy: Dunham demanded people vote   then it was discovered she did not vote.Lies: Dunham claimed in her non-fiction memoir that she had been raped in college by a campus Republican named Barry. She lied. And in the process indicted an innocent family man as her alleged rapist. Worse, Dunham and her publisher Random House stood silent for two months even after they knew the memoir had placed a cloud of suspicion over an innocent man.While attempting to run to Dunham s defense, Gawker tripped over itself and was forced to report their belief that Dunham s alleged rapist is  wait for it, wait or it   a Democrat.No one is questioning whether or not Dunham was raped. Something no one else is questioning, though, is that her behavior in this matter was breathtakingly selfish and craven.Children: Dunham s unnatural sexual behavior towards her much younger sister creeped everyone in America out not named Jimmy Kimmel.Those are just the top 3. The Wrap dug up 3 more PR  disasters. The mainstream media desperately tried to save Dunham from herself, especially the cowardly and wildly dishonest Savannah Guthrie and Bill Simmons. But they just ended up sullying their own reputations.Via: Breitbart News",0
21719,FOOT-SOLDIERS IN OBAMA’S WAR AGAINST COPS ARRESTED: Plan To Use Rocket Launcher Thwarted,"Michael Conger was arrested by Eustis police once on a violation of a probation warrant and Jeremy Robertson had never been arrested by the Marion County Sheriff s Dept., They only knew of Robertson s whereabouts after a tip came in to inform them that he was in the area and had a criminal history. Based on their past history with this particular Sheriff s Department, it s easy to see why they had a bone to pick with them or maybe they just caught the F*#k the police fever? Thanks for placing a bullseye on the backs of our law enforcement officers Barack   Marion County sheriff s deputies seized 22 firearms after receiving a tip that a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and missiles would be used against Eustis police, St. Mary of the Lakes Catholic Church and a local Elk s Club.The weapons, along with several containers of black powder, marijuana, powdered and crack cocaine, prescription pills, scales, other drug paraphernalia and two bulletproof vests were found in a Marion County shed, authorities said Monday.Deputies said they received information that the occupants of the shed intended to use the rocket launcher on the Eustis Police Department on Monday because of recent run-ins with officers.Eustis Police Chief Fred Cobb told Local 6, however, that he was blindsided by the threat because his department had little to no contact with two men arrested in the case.https://youtu.be/OjuOydtNJD4Cobb said Christopher Michael Conger was arrested by Eustis police on a violation of probation warrant. Cobb said that his department knows about Jeremy Robertson only because his staff received a tip notifying them that he was in the area and was known to carry drugs and weapons. It s a reminder for the public that we serve that this is a dangerous profession,  Cobb said.  Even in small-town U.S.A., Eustis, Florida. Via: Click Orlando ",0
21720,OBAMA’S ORGANIZED RACE WAR EXPOSED AS PROTESTORS REVEAL PROOF OF PAYMENT," My success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people,  Soros once wrote.  This allows me to take a stand on controversial issues: In fact, it obliges me to do so because others cannot.  -George SorosMORE and OBS, two groups funded by George Soros, advertised money available for people willing to travel to protest (@organizemo is the twitter account of MORE): Listen to radical socialist George Soros talk about his innocuous <sarcasm> and oh so  transparent  little organization here:George Soros gives billions to left-wing causes: Soros started the Open Society Institute in 1993 as a way to spread his wealth to progressive causes. Using Open Society as a conduit, Soros has given more than $7 billion to a who s who of left-wing groups. This partial list of recipients of Soros  money says it all:ACORN, Apollo Alliance, National Council of La Raza, Tides Foundation, Huffington Post, Southern Poverty Law Center, Soujourners, People for the American Way, Planned Parenthood, and the National Organization for Women.George Soros wants to curtail American sovereignty: Soros would like nothing better than for America to become subservient to international bodies. He wants more power for groups such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, even while saying the U.S. role in the IMF should be  downsized.  In 1998, he wrote:  Insofar as there are collective interests that transcend state boundaries, the sovereignty of states must be subordinated to international law and international institutions. After protesters protested not getting their checks from MORE on May 14th, MORE allegedly distributed the following list as to who was paid to protest in Ferguson and elsewhere, to show where the money had been going.Obviously, as we ve mentioned before, this is far from a  grass roots spontaneous  protest.You can see money paid out to Lisa Fithian, $1,127.75 for  visit expenses .For those who do not know, Lisa Fithian is an infamous leftist organizer. She organized at Occupy, but has been used as a training organizer for many years before that. She spent time in Ferguson in 2014 training people to  simulate chaos. Is it possible that George Soros has a love affair with Lisa Fithian because of their common hatred for Israel?Also of note, you can see that some people are being paid to travel to other places to protest, you can see the travel to Selma, and to D.C., as well as money paid out for  vans , including to a union for providing the vans. Elizabeth Vega got $2000 for  activist trip to Baltimore .There is money paid for protester supplies and protester catering, as well as for video recording of the protests. Some things were not so defined such as $2000 to Taylor Payne for  support .$52,815 is paid to MORE. Money clearly was to go through them to the protesters, according to the protesters during their #Cuthtechecks protest.There are big payouts to Jeff Ordower. Jeff Ordower is a bit like a male Lisa Fithian, he was an organizer for the SEIU and ACORN. He founded MORE and his stated goal is  welcoming co-conspirators in attempts to scale up numbers of radical organizers who can financially support themselves in the work . He is the white man protesters are complaining to in this clip, when they protested not getting paid. He would appear to be disburser of the checks.WCC hot seat pic.twitter.com/Uo65IC2Uuz  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 14, 2015Brittany Ferrell and Ashley Yates receive thousands on behalf of MAU, Millenial Activists United, one of the protester groups. Ferrell, tries to justify her position in this Facebook post where she blames Ordower for screwing everything up. Via: Weasel Zippers",0
21721,“DIFFICULT” CHELSEA CLINTON CAUSES HIGH TURNOVER AT CLINTON FOUNDATION,"Like mother like daughter? Chelsea is  very difficult  according to insiders. We know from former Clintonites that Hillary can cuss like a sailor and really hammer people so perhaps this is a case of  YOU ARE WHAT YOU KNOW CHELSEA KNOWS BEING DIFFICULT TO WORK WITH Chelsea Clinton is so unpleasant to colleagues, she s causing high turnover at the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, sources say. Several top staffers have left the foundation since Chelsea came onBoard as vice chairman in 2011. A lot of people left because she was there. A lot of people left because she didn t want them there,  an insider told me.  She is very difficult. Onetime CEO Bruce Lindsey was pushed upstairs to the position of chairman of the board two years ago, so that Chelsea could bring in her McKinsey colleague Eric Braverman. He [Braverman] was her boy, but he tried to hire his own communications professional and actually tried to run the place. He didn t understand that that wasn t what he was supposed to be doing,  said my source.  He was pushed out. Matt McKenna was Chelsea s spokesman, and then he wasn t. Now he works for Uber. Ginny Ehrlich, the founding CEO of the Clinton Health Matters Initiative, now works for the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.Via: NY Post",0
21722,A BRUTALLY HONEST MESSAGE TO BLACK AMERICAN MEN FROM A CONSERVATIVE BLACK AMERICAN,"****STRONG LANGUAGE Warning****You have lit a fuse, and it s burning and when it explodes negro, you re nowhere near prepared to deal with it, with that destruction ",0
21723,"THIS STATE WILL INCLUDE TRANSGENDER CURRICULUM IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS: ‘You can be both genders, you can be no gender, you can be a gender that you make up for yourself’","Because there s nothing more compassionate than convincing young boys and girls that the gender that God assigned to them at birth means absolutely nothing. In fact, with a few government funded surgeries, they can try out any sex they think they might identify with You will want to contact the School Board if you live in Fairfax County, VA and let them know how you feel about using your tax dollars for the radical indoctrination of your children.One of the nation s largest public school systems is preparing to include gender identity to its classroom curriculum, including lessons on sexual fluidity and spectrum   the idea that there s no such thing as 100 percent boys or 100 percent girls.Fairfax County Public Schools released a report recommending changes to their family life curriculum for grades 7 through 12. The changes, which critics call radical gender ideology, will be formally introduced next week. The larger picture is this is really an attack on nature itself   the created order,  said Peter Sprigg of the Family Research Council. Human beings are created male and female. But the current transgender ideology goes way beyond that. They re telling us you can be both genders, you can be no gender, you can be a gender that you make up for yourself. And we re supposed to affirm all of it. The plan calls for teaching seventh graders about transgenderism and tenth graders about the concept that sexuality is a broader spectrum   but it sure smells like unadulterated sex indoctrination.Get a load of what the kids are going to be learning in middle school: Students will be provided definitions for sexual orientation terms heterosexuality, homosexuality and bisexuality; and the gender identity term transgender,  the district s recommendations state.  Emphasis will be placed on recognizing that everyone is experiencing changes and the role of respectful, inclusive language in promoting an environment free of bias and discrimination. Eighth graders will be taught that individual identity  occurs over a lifetime and includes the component of sexual orientation and gender identity. Individual identity will also be described as having four parts   biological gender, gender identity (includes transgender), gender role, and sexual orientation (includes heterosexual, bisexual, and homosexual). The district will also introduce young teenagers to the  concept that sexuality is a broader spectrum.  By tenth grade, they will be taught that one s sexuality  develops throughout a lifetime. Emphasis will be placed on an understanding that there is a broader, boundless, and fluid spectrum of sexuality that is developed throughout a lifetime,  the document states.  Sexual orientation and gender identity terms will be discussed with focus on appreciation for individual differences. As you might imagine   parents are freaking out. Parents need to protect their kids from this assault,  said Andrea Lafferty, president of Traditional Values Coalition.  Who could imagine that we are in this place today   but we are. Last week, the school board voted to include gender identity in the district s nondiscrimination policy   a decision that was strongly opposed by parents.Lafferty, who led the opposition to the nondiscrimination policy, warned that the district is moving towards the deconstruction of gender. At the end of this is the deconstruction of gender   absolutely,  she told me.  The majority of people pushing (this) are not saying that   but that clearly is the motivation. School Board spokesman John Torre told the Washington Times the proposed curriculum changes have nothing to do with last week s vote to allow boys who identity as girls to use the bathrooms and locker rooms of their choice.He would have us believe it was purely coincidental.To make matters worse, Lafferty contends parents will not be able to opt their children out of the classes because the lessons will be a part of the mandatory health curriculum.However, Torre told me that parents will indeed be able to opt out of those classes  including the sexual orientation and gender identity lessons. They are not being forthright with the information,  Lafferty said.  They are not telling people the truth. They are bullying parents. They are intimidating and they are threatening. I must confess that I m a bit old school on sex education. I believe that God created male and female. My reading of the Bible does not indicate there were dozens of other options.However, I m always open to learning new things   so I asked the school district to provide me with the textbooks and scientific data they will be using to instruct the children that there are dozens and dozens of possible genders.Here s the reply I received from Torre: Lessons have not been developed for the proposed lesson objectives,  he stated.  Because of the need to develop lessons, the proposed objectives would not be implemented until fall 2016. In other words   they don t have a clue.And the Family Research Council s Sprigg said there s a pretty good reason why they can t produce a textbook about fluidity. It s an ideological concept,  he told me.  It s not a scientific one. He warned that Fairfax County s planned curriculum could be harmful to students. It s only going to create more confusion in the minds of young people who don t need any further confusion about sexual identity,  he said.The board will introduce the changes on May 21. Lafferty said she hopes parents will turn out in force to voice their objections.Via: FOX News",0
21724,NYC MAYOR DEBLASIO SAYS ‘Something is changing in America” ANNOUNCES NEW “Communist Manifesto” AGENDA,"Why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized Barack Obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression MISS ME YET?Last week, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled a 13-point national  Progressive Agenda  that is being touted as the liberal  Contract with America. The aim is for the  Progressive Agenda  to become the basis for the Democratic Party s main economic policies, including those of its 2016 presidential candidate.De Blasio has compared his plan to the  Contract with America,  a document released by the Republican Party during the 1994 congressional election and drawn up by future House Speaker Newt Gingrich to serve as the GOP policy agenda.Now WND documents that most of the 13 points in de Blasio s  Progressive Agenda  can also be found in the manifestos and literature of the Communist Party USA and the Socialist Party USA.The full progressive plan, entitled,  The Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality,  can be found on the agenda s new website.Here is a comparison of the Agenda s plan with literature from the manifestos and writings of the Community Party USA, or CPUSA, and the Socialist Party USA, or SPUSA.  Progressive Agenda:  Raise the federal minimum wage, so that it reaches $15/hour, while indexing it to inflation. SPUSA:  We call for a minimum wage of $15 per hour, indexed to the cost of living. CPUSA: Calls for  struggles for peace, equality for the racially and nationally oppressed, equality for women job creation programs, increased minimum wage.   Even with ultra-right control of the Federal government, peoples legislative victories, such as increasing the minimum wage, can be won on an issue-by-issue basis locally, statewide, and even nationally.  Progressive Agenda:  Pass comprehensive immigration reform to grow the economy and protect against exploitation of low-wage workers. SPUSA:  We defend the rights of all immigrants to education, health care, and full civil and legal rights and call for an unconditional amnesty program for all undocumented people. We oppose the imposition of any fees on those receiving amnesty. We call for full citizenship rights upon demonstrating residency for six months. CPUSA: Declares the  struggle for immigrant rights is a key component of the struggle for working class unity in our country today.  Progressive Agenda:  Make Pre-K, after-school programs and childcare universal. SPUSA:  We support public child care starting from infancy, and public education starting at age three, with caregivers and teachers of young children receiving training, wages, and benefits comparable to that of teachers at every other level of the educational system.  Progressive Agenda:  Earned Income Tax Credit.   Implement the  Buffett Rule  so millionaires pay their fair share. SPUSA:  We call for a steeply graduated income tax and a steeply graduated estate tax.  CPUSA:  No taxes for workers and low and middle income people; progressive taxation of the wealthy and private corporations.  Dems hail  beginning of revolution De Blasio criticized Obama as  too conservative  to assert a progressive economic vision and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression, reported the liberal news network.Speaking at the  Progressive Agenda  launch event outside the Capitol building last Tuesday, de Blasio said  something is changing in America. It s time to take that energy and crystallize it into an agenda that will make a difference,  he said.  We ll be calling on leaders and candidates to address these issues, to stiffen their backbones, to be clear and to champion these progressive policies. Read more at WND ",0
21725,WATCH JUDGE ORDER PUNK WEARING “POLICE LIE” T-SHIRT TO LEAVE COURTROOM…Or Face Contempt Charges,"The hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. The blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of Eric Holder, Eric Sharpton and Barack Hussein Obama ",0
21726,IF YOU CROSS OUR BORDERS ILLEGALLY….YOU CAN NOW LAND A JOB TEACHING IN THIS STATE," We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States.  So in other words, soon it won t matter if these illegal alien teachers are able to speak english as long as they want to  do the right thing? Gov. Brian Sandoval signed a bill Wednesday that would make it easier for immigrants with temporary legal status to get a Nevada teaching license, saying it would help meet the needs of a  new Nevada. Among the people who flanked the Republican governor as he signed AB27 was Uriel Garcia, a 22-year-old Nevada State College student and recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program who was previously denied a license. He said he plans to re-apply as soon as possible to get started on his student teaching and move toward his goal of teaching 2nd grade English language learners. I want to give back to the community that gave me so much,  Garcia said.The old law allowed the state superintendent to give a teaching license to someone who is not a citizen but has a work permit only if there s a teacher shortage for a subject the person can teach. The new law, which passed the Senate and Assembly unanimously, allows those immigrants to get a teaching license if a district has a teacher shortage of any kind.The measure affects immigrants in the deferred action program, also known as DACA recipients or DREAMers. State Superintendent Dale Erquiaga said it s not clear how many new teachers the change will yield, but said his office will track that number going forward.Proponents framed the bill as a way to deal with a major teacher shortage, as well as a way to diversify the teaching force in a state with a high population of English language learners. We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States,  Garcia said.Sylvia Lazos, vice chair of the Latino Leadership Council, said the bill better reflects a changing Nevada. These laws that prohibit non-citizens from getting licensed come from another era, another time, when many states were hostile to Germans, Catholics, Irish,  Lazos said.  Modern Nevada is not protectionist, not anti-immigrant, not anti-foreigner. It s a wonderful day for Nevada to affirm that. Via: Chron",0
21727,GET OUT OF JAIL FREE: How Obama’s Race War Is Quietly Being Funded By Jay Z,"Keep buying Jay Z and Beyonce s music and keep telling us you like their music and see no connection between buying their music and using it to fund Obama s race war Rap mogul Jay Z has quietly used his wealth to post bail for people arrested in protests across the United States against police, an author close to him said Sunday.Dream Hampton, a writer and activist who worked with Jay Z on his 2010 memoir  Decoded,  made the revelations in a series of messages on Twitter that were deleted but were posted by the hip-hop magazine Complex. When we needed money for bail for Baltimore protesters, I  hit Jay up, as I had for Ferguson (and he) wired tens of thousands  of dollars within minutes, read one tweet.She also tweeted that Jay Z and his pop superstar wife Beyonce wrote a  huge check  to support the burgeoning  Black Lives Matter  movement aimed at stopping police brutality.Protests spread last year after a white police officer shot dead African American teenager Michael Brown in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson.Major demonstrations, some turning violent, erupted last month in Baltimore after another African American man, Freddie Gray, died from a spinal injury sustained in police custody. The tweets appeared aimed at defending Jay Z and Beyonce, who have faced accusations from some activists that they have only paid lip service to the cause without tapping into the couple s estimated $1 billion net worth.Hampton later wrote that she deleted the tweets because Jay Z  would be pi-issed to see I was offering evidence  that he is taking action.Jay Z on Saturday performed in New York as an exclusive for Tidal, the music streaming service he has launched with fellow stars.In a freestyle segment, Jay Z paid homage to Brown and Gray   and belittled Tidal s rivals Spotify and Apple.Jay Z and Beyonce met with Brown and Gray s families last week at a peace concert in Baltimore by Prince, leaving without making public appearances.The power couple are also strong supporters of President Barack Obama, throwing a multimillion-dollar fundraiser for him during his 2012 campaign.Via: Yahoo News",0
21728,BEWARE THE UNITED NATIONS PUSH FOR “GLOBAL GOVERNANCE” FOR THE “GOOD OF THE PLANET”,"Beware of this agenda that s Agenda 21 for those who aren t familiar with the term sustainable development. Your every move will be micromanaged for the  common good . I am really disappointed in the Pope s position on this and many other things. He s so far left on so many issues but the fact that he s buying into the global warming scam is very disturbing. The UN plans to launch a brand new plan for managing the entire globe at the Sustainable Development Summit that it will be hosting from September 25th to September 27th. Some of the biggest names on the planet, including Pope Francis, will be speaking at this summit. This new sustainable agenda focuses on climate change of course, but it also specifically addresses topics such as economics, agriculture, education and gender equality. For those wishing to expand the scope of  global governance , sustainable development is the perfect umbrella because just about all human activity affects the environment in some way. The phrase  for the good of the planet  can be used as an excuse to micromanage virtually every aspect of our lives.So for those that are concerned about the growing power of the United Nations, this summit in September is something to keep an eye on. Never before have I seen such an effort to promote a UN summit on the environment, and this new sustainable development agenda is literally a framework for managing the entire globe.If you are not familiar with this new sustainable development agenda, the following is what the official United Nations website says about it The United Nations is now in the process of defining Sustainable Development Goals as part a new sustainable development agenda that must finish the job and leave no one behind. This agenda, to be launched at the Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015, is currently being discussed at the UN General Assembly, where Member States and civil society are making contributions to the agenda.The process of arriving at the post 2015 development agenda is Member State-led with broad participation from Major Groups and other civil society stakeholders. There have been numerous inputs to the agenda, notably a set of Sustainable Development Goals proposed by an open working group of the General Assembly, the report of an intergovernmental committee of experts on sustainable development financing, General Assembly dialogues on technology facilitation and many others. Posted below are the 17 sustainable development goals that are being proposed so far. Some of them seem quite reasonable. After all, who wouldn t want to  end poverty . But as you go down this list, you soon come to realize that just about everything is involved in some way. In other words, this truly is a template for radically expanded  global governance . Once again, this was taken directly from the official UN website 1. End poverty in all its forms everywhere2. End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture3. Ensure healthy lives and promote wellbeing for all at all ages4. Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all5. Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls6. Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all7. Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all8. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all9. Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialisation, and foster innovation10. Reduce inequality within and among countries11. Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable12. Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns13. Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts (taking note of agreements made by the UNFCCC forum)14. Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development15. Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification and halt and reverse land degradation, and halt biodiversity loss16. Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels17. Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalise the global partnership for sustainable developmentAs you can see, this list goes far beyond  saving the environment  or  fighting climate change .It truly covers just about every realm of human activity.Another thing that makes this new sustainable development agenda different is the unprecedented support that it is getting from the Vatican and from Pope Francis himself.In fact, Pope Francis is actually going to travel to the UN and give an address to kick off the Sustainable Development Summit on September 25th His Holiness Pope Francis will visit the UN on 25 September 2015, and give an address to the UN General Assembly immediately ahead of the official opening of the UN Summit for the adoption of the post-2015 development agenda. This Pope has been very open about his belief that climate change is one of the greatest dangers currently facing our world. Just a couple of weeks ago, he actually brought UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to the Vatican to speak about climate change and sustainable development. Here is a summary of what happened On 28 April, the Secretary-General met with His Holiness Pope Francis at the Vatican and later addressed senior religious leaders, along with the Presidents of Italy and Ecuador, Nobel laureates and leading scientists on climate change and sustainable development.Amidst an unusually heavy rainstorm in Rome, participants at the historic meeting gathered within the ancient Vatican compound to discuss what the Secretary-General has called the  defining challenge of our time. The mere fact that a meeting took place between the religious and scientific communities on climate change was itself newsworthy. That it took place at the Vatican, was hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, and featured the Secretary-General as the keynote speaker was all the more striking. In addition, Pope Francis is scheduled to release a major encyclical this summer which will be primarily focused on the environment and climate change. The following comes from the New York Times The much-anticipated environmental encyclical that Pope Francis plans to issue this summer is already being translated into the world s major languages from the Latin final draft, so there s no more tweaking to be done, several people close to the process have told me in recent weeks. I think that we can get a good idea of the kind of language that we will see in this encyclical from another Vatican document which was recently released. It is entitled  Climate Change and The Common Good , and it was produced by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences. The following is a brief excerpt Unsustainable consumption coupled with a record human population and the uses of inappropriate technologies are causally linked with the destruction of the world s sustainability and resilience. Widening inequalities of wealth and income, the world-wide disruption of the physical climate system and the loss of millions of species that sustain life are the grossest manifestations of unsustainability. The continued extraction of coal, oil and gas following the  business-as-usual mode  will soon create grave existential risks for the poorest three billion, and for generations yet unborn. Climate change resulting largely from unsustainable consumption by about 15% of the world s population has become a dominant moral and ethical issue for society. There is still time to mitigate unmanageable climate changes and repair ecosystem damages, provided we reorient our attitude toward nature and, thereby, toward ourselves. Climate change is a global problem whose solution will depend on our stepping beyond national affiliations and coming together for the common good. Such transformational changes in attitudes would help foster the necessary institutional reforms and technological innovations for providing the energy sources that have negligible effect on global climate, atmospheric pollution and eco-systems, thus protecting generations yet to be born. Religious institutions can and should take the lead in bringing about that change in attitude towards Creation.Read more: Zero Hedge",0
21729,"NOT GRASSROOTS: #Ferguson Protestors PAID Over $5K To Attack Police, Instigate Violence And Disrupt","The Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protesters are spilling the beans on the so-called  grassroots  movement.Earlier this week black protesters staged a protest at at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) on Thursday to press their claim that groups led by whites have collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share.Much more on that sit-in protest at MORE here.The black protesters threatened to  f*ck up  the white protest organizers.Now this  It s widely known thatFerguson activists were flown to New York City, Wisconsin, and even the West Bank to spread racial hatred.Now we know why they re so committed to the cause.They are being paid   quite a bit   to disrupt and initiate violence across the country.The protesters are talking online about how much they were getting paid to protest against the police and stir up racial hate in Ferguson and other communities since August.** Protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities and attack police!Listening to @search4swag live now on @JoePrich  they pointing out that @deray is getting paid by Soros  Independent CaT (@RealOrangeCat) May 16, 2015The far left billionaire George Soros pumped at least $33 million into the violent Ferguson protest movement, according The Washington Times.Many of the  grassroots  leaders were paid handsomely.And the protesters are wising up to Deray   who has been out every night tweeting and stirring up the race hate n numerous cities for several months. Black Lives Matter and Get Paid  Another group Resource Generation, a racist Socialist group, paid a million to the protesters.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21730,"MSNBC Tweets Terrifying Video Of Cop Being Dragged By Thug’s Car, Jokingly Asks If It Counts As A Police Chase?","MSNBC  the cable  news  station who hired tax cheat, FBI snitch and paid race baiter, Al Sharpton as a mouthpiece to spew hate for the sniveling leftists who run the pathetic low ratings network After being called out by The Gateway Pundit, MSNBC took down a video mocking a police officer being dragged from a car by a suspect fleeing the officer.MSNBC deleted their report but not before The Gateway Pundit saved a screengrab of it The video, which was posted Friday night, was removed Saturday afternoon from MSNBC s Facebook and Twitter accounts within an hour of publication of The Gateway Pundit report.The video was titled,  Does it count as a police chase if you take the cop along for the ride? MSNBC subsequently posted an apology to Twitter, but the statement did not state what precisely was being apologized for, nor was there an apology to the law enforcement community.A video tweeted from @msnbc Friday evening has been removed. The material was inappropriate. It should not have been posted and we're sorry.  MSNBC (@MSNBC) May 16, 2015 A video tweeted from @msnbc Friday evening has been removed. The material was inappropriate. It should not have been posted and we re sorry. The takedown of the videos and apology by MSNBC came within one hour and twenty minutes of the 2:57 p.m. CDT posting of the article at TGP.The MSNBC video was posted in conjunction with NowThisNews and was also deleted from the Twitter account of NowThisNews Saturday after The Gateway Pundit report.Commenters at the Facebook page slammed MSNBC:Erick Delumeau:  MSNBC you have shown your true colors again. Irresponsible reporting. A family member just had this happen to his partner and his partner suffered a head injury. So everyone who allowed this to air with circus music, deserves to be fired. Walter Daniel Bosak:  You re network is disgusting. This officer could have been killed all because this individual thinks it s ok to resist a lawful investigation partly because networks like yours have advocated violence against police. Tiffany Eve:  You should be ashamed of yourselves MSNBC!!! These men and women in uniform serve and protect us all, and this is how you treat them? An apology to all law enforcement officers and their families should be in order. Kyle Bodenhorn:  Way to go MSNBC. You once again proved why cops around the world have a great disdain for media. This officer is lucky to be alive and you made jokes about his being dragged. Surely you feel that adding fuel to the fire of the hatred for police is a better news story than the thousands of police who have spent the week in D.C. honoring slain police as it is Police memorial week. Estela Ramirez:  Msnbc how is this comical with this head line and music like this is a joke. The cop could have or was probably injured because of this. If it was a black man being dragged by a cop this head line would be different. This is tasteless and just shows how the media works to its own benefits. Via: Gateway PUndit",0
21731,BAIL DENIED: CONVICTED MUSLIM RAPIST Refuses Mandatory Sex Offender Course Because It “conflicts with [his] Islamic faith”,"Apparently, keeping a slave and repeatedly raping her is not against his Islamic faith From International Business Times:A Saudi national who was convicted of keeping his Indonesian maid as a sex slave has refused to attend a mandatory sex offender s course, arguing that his Muslim beliefs do not allow him to look at pictures of scantily-clad women.Homaidan al-Turki, 45, was jailed for 28 years in 2006 after his maid claimed she had been forced to work 12 hour days with no break and then locked in a cellar and abused regularly by the Saudi, who was in the US on an academic scholarship with his wife and five children.Al-Turki s sentence was reduced in 2011 to eight years-to-life but his parole applications have been repeatedly denied because of his refusal to attend a sex offenders course.Al-Turki told prison officials in 2013 that the sex offender treatment programme  conflicts with [his] Islamic faith , according to a letter by the then executive director of the Colorado Department of Corrections, Tom Clements.Eight years for keeping a slave in America. Shameful.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21732,HILLARY 2016 FAN JAMES TAYLOR: “Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for”,"Time to exhale James Barack Obama supporter James Taylor doesn t just think the U.S. president is great   he believes Obama is the greatest of all-time. I ve been watching politics since (Dwight) Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson, when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, and Obama is my favorite, favorite president,  Taylor said in an interview Wednesday.  I am just thankful for every day that he s in office. I am so proud that he represents my country and I think he represents me   I think he represents the America that I know. Taylor, 67, is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts. The pop icon performed  America the Beautiful  at Obama s second inauguration in 2013. I had a really tough time during the Cheney-Bush years, I did, and I had a hard time accepting that that administration represented me because I don t think they did,  Taylor said.The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer also called Obama s family  precious  and said he appreciates the U.S. leader because he s  sane  and  balanced. He promised to give us a health care system, it s a work in progress, but he has put us on a road to that,  Taylor said.  I m so grateful for what he s done for gay rights and for the emancipation of gay people. Particularly from my point of view, I think that was so overdue and so important, and so important for America to be ahead of the curve on this. Taylor criticized Congress in Obama s defense. I ve never seen a Congress that has been so obstructive and so contrary and so committed to doing anything that will foul up this administration. I just think it s an absolute scandal that he has had so little cooperation,  he said.  So anyway, you hit a nerve and I ll go on forever. But I ll just say it a third time: Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for. Obama isn t the only politician Taylor is supporting: The singer said he s on the Hillary Rodham Clinton train, too. And aside from the fact that she s a woman running, she s the right person.   The whole point   black or white, male or female, gay or straight, Christian, Jewish, Muslim, atheist   it doesn t matter what these other connections are,  he said.  Our country needs to come together and the question is,  Is this public servant someone who will bring us together?  And I think she is. Taylor will release a new album,  Before This World,  on June 16, and will perform a concert for SiriusXM at The Apollo in New York City on the same day. He will also launch a U.S. tour in July.Via: AP News",0
21733,FORMER NEW BLACK PANTHER ADVISOR AND “MINISTER” THREATENS: “If Freddie Gray’s killers walk you will see cops being killed in broad daylight”,"Dr. Mauricelm-Lei Millere, who formerly advised the New Black Panther Party in Ferguson, is under fire for some things he tweeted this week about the Freddie Gray case:https://twitter.com/drmauricelmlei/status/597419872641888256A few hours later, he followed up with another warning:https://twitter.com/drmauricelmlei/status/597421745356742657Milliere is a psychotherapist based in Ohio. His website credits him as the founder of the  Manic Aggression Personality Disorder,  which: is a mental illness merely affecting Africans, Africans born in America,or the Pan-African Community.[Milliere] states,  This psycho-socio illusion, or personality disorder (or M.A.P.D.), is an isolated illness pertaining to the African race entirely   mimics [bipolar] and [schizophrenic] personality.Whether he is in America, Africa, the Diaspora, or abroad he suffers psychologically and socially from the evils of this [[neurotic]] syndrome for two reasons.Primarily, he suffers because the European (white) racist delusion of slavery encountered him as an animal. The term used is chattel (human cattle). Secondly, the culprit race, responsible for his inquisition refuse to take responsibility for the system of slavery and its damages, which is [[psychological]] or [[sociological]] in nature, they caused. Though many took issue with his tweets, he doubled down, advocating the murder of any police officer:https://twitter.com/drmauricelmlei/status/597421141125242880And on Friday, advocated for groups of black men to walk around armed in self-defense:Via: IJ Review",0
21734,"ISIS SUPPORTER RESPONDS TO KILLING OF TOP ISIS OPERATIVE: “If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama”","A  JV team  threat Shaken by a daring U.S. military strike deep in ISIS territory, supporters of the extremist organization were vowing revenge for the killing of senior leader Abu Sayyaf or claiming the special operations mission never took place, a Vocativ analysis reveals. If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama,  one ISIS supporter posted in the hours after the raid near the eastern Syrian city of al-Amr.Translation: If your goal is killing Abu Sayyaf then our goal is killing Obama and the worshipers of the cross. We have attacks coming against you.Elite American commandos carried out the rare, overnight military operation, killing Sayyaf, capturing his wife, and freeing a Yezidi woman believed to have been held as their slave, the Pentagon said Saturday. Defense Secretary Ash Carter heralded the mission as a  significant blow  to the Islamic State.Vocativ analyzed social media across Syria in the wake of the strike and discovered some ISIS supporters claimed the news was U.S. propaganda timed to counter ISIS momentum after taking most of the Iraqi city of Ramadi this week. Others tweeted from outside the Syrian city of Raqqa vowing revenge for the strike, saying they heard explosions and helicopters.Carter said Sayyaf was responsible for directing many of the group s military activities and funding, directing its  illicit oil, gas, and financial operation.  No U.S. forces were killed or injured during the operation, which represented  another significant blow  to the group, Carter said.  And it is a reminder that the United States will never waver in denying safe haven to terrorists who threaten our citizens, and those of our friends and allies,  he continued in the statement.The mission included the arrest of Sayyaf s wife, Umm Sayyaf, and the freeing of the Yezidi woman. The trading of Yezidi women has been a major inducement and reward for ISIS fighters in the past. The Yezidis follow a strand of Islam that is rejected by mainstream Muslims as heretical. ISIS last year surrounded the Yezidis  villages in northern Iraq, killing and capturing dozens, and taking many of the girls and women as slaves. U.S. forces captured Umm Sayyaf, who we suspect is a member of ISIS, played an important role in ISIS s terrorist activities, and may have been complicit in what appears to have been the enslavement of a young Yezidi woman rescued last night,  Carter said. The White House said in a statement that Umm Sayyaf had been moved to a U.S. military detention facility in Iraq. The Yezidi woman would be freed.  We intend to reunite her with her family as soon as feasible,  Bernadette Meehan, the National Security Council spokeswoman, said in a statement.The operation was coordinated with Iraqi officials, but  the U.S. government did not coordinate with the Syrian regime, nor did we advise them in advance of this operation,  Ms. Meehan said.According to reports, a team of the Army s Delta Force troops traveled in Black Hawk helicopters and Osprey aircraft into al-Amr in eastern Syria. The Washington Post quoted an unnamed defense official who said a firefight broke out after the troops touched down near a building where Abu Sayyaf was believed to be, and that ISIS fighters tried to use women and children as human shields. It was a real fight,  the official told the Post, saying there was hand-to-hand fighting and  about a dozen militants were killed.  He told the Post that troops collected items that might prove useful intelligence.Via: Vocativ.com",0
21735,RECKLESS DEM MAYOR BLAMES AMTRAK ENGINEER FOR CRASH…UPDATE: New Evidence Shows Train May Have Been Hit By Projectile,"Perhaps Democrat Mayor Michael Nutter is taking a cue from the reckless DA in Baltimore in presuming guilt of the engineer without the benefit of an investigation. The Mayor basically accused the engineer of criminal negligence without even knowing all of the details of the crash. From Democrat Mayor Michael Nutter:  Clearly it was reckless in terms of the driving by the engineer. There s no way in the world that he should have been going that fast into the curve. Clearly he was reckless and irresponsible in his actions. There s really no excuse that can be offered. Listen to the Mayor s unjustified, irresponsible inflammatory remarks here:https://youtu.be/CBZxmmdp2Kg The Amtrak train that derailed Tuesday, killing eight people and injuring more than 200, may have been struck by an object before it careened off the tracks, an assistant conductor on the train told investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board.At a news conference on Friday, Robert L. Sumwalt, the safety board official who is leading the investigation, said an assistant conductor had reported that she believed she heard a radio transmission in which an engineer on a regional line said his train had been struck by a projectile and the engineer on the Amtrak train replied that his had been struck, too.Mr. Sumwalt said that investigators had found a fist-size circular area of impact on the left side of the Amtrak train s windshield and that they had asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze it. He said that the F.B.I. had been called in because it has the forensics expertise needed for the investigation, but that it had not yet begun its analysis.He said that investigators had also interviewed the engineer and found him  extremely cooperative,  and that the engineer had said he was not fatigued or ill at the time of the accident. But he could not remember anything about the derailment.Investigators asked the engineer, Brandon Bostian, whether he recalled any projectiles, and he said he did not. He was specifically asked that question, and he did not recall anything of that sort,  Mr. Sumwalt said.  But then again, he reported that he does not have any recollection of anything past North Philadelphia. The assistant conductor, however, who was working in the cafe car, heard Mr. Bostian talking to an engineer on the Septa regional rail line who said his train had been  hit by a rock or shot at,  according to Mr. Sumwalt. She said she thought she heard Mr. Bostian reply that his train had also been struck. Right after she recalled hearing this conversation between her engineer and the Septa engineer, she said she felt a rumbling, and her train leaned over and her car went over on its side,  Mr. Sumwalt said.Jerri Williams, a spokeswoman at Septa, confirmed that the windshield of one of its trains had been shattered by a projectile near the North Philadelphia station about 9:10 p.m. on Tuesday, about 12 minutes before the Amtrak train derailed. We have reports of trains  being struck by objects in this area about two to three times a month,  Ms. Williams said. Mostly, she said, the objects are thrown by children and do no damage.The safety board has asked to interview the engineer of the Septa train that was hit by the projectile, and Septa is cooperating, Ms. Williams said.For days, speculation about the cause of the accident has centered on Mr. Bostian. Investigators reported earlier this week that the train accelerated suddenly a minute before the derailment and that Mr. Bostian applied the emergency brake seconds before the cars careened off the tracks, striking nearby utility poles.On Friday, Mr. Sumwalt said that the engineer, accompanied by his lawyer, had been open with investigators and had demonstrated a  very good working knowledge  of the proper procedures and speeds for the rail line, but that he did not remember the accident. He recalls ringing the train bell as he went through North Philadelphia Station, as required,  Mr. Sumwalt said.  He has no recollection of anything past that. Investigators said that Mr. Bostian had been  extremely  cooperative during his interview and that he had  reported no problems with his train handling. Two other conductors were on the train that night. A senior conductor is hospitalized, according to the safety board, and has not been interviewed.A junior conductor was in the back of the train and reported that his radio was not working, so he was unable to hear the engineer, Mr. Sumwalt said. He told investigators he felt shaking, then two large impacts that dislodged seats.Both conductors said they had confidence in the engineer, calling him  very professional. Via: NYT",0
21736,“Kill Him…Kill Him”…GOOD SAMARITAN TRYING TO SAVE TEEN GIRL GETS BRUTALLY BEATEN [Video],"Another disturbing teen melee broke out inside a Brooklyn McDonald s Friday, and this time, the brawlers turned their violence on an innocent man trying to break the fracas up and on employees of the fast food joint.The brutality began at the McDonald s on Flatbush Avenue Extension in Downtown Brooklyn at about 3 p.m., just as schools were letting out. In the video, a teen girl can be seen standing on a table taking off her top, apparently preparing herself for the fight.Two young girls begin trading blows, and people try to tear them apart. An older gentleman in a hat tries to diffuse the situation, but is turned on by the teen boys crowding around, who seemed to have been enjoying the fight. The narrator, Don Balmain, can be heard gleefully yelling,  Kill him!  interspersed with laughs.Total chaos breaks out in the restaurant, with teens fighting with cashiers over the counter.The teens eventually chase the older man outside, with the goon behind the camera screaming,  Kill him right now!  A woman stands in front of him to shield him from the mob. The cameraman shouts,  They can t help you!  Balmain later posted the video on his Facebook page and sardonically commented,  They put that old man in the hospital I feel bad for telling them to kill him. 911 was called, and a woman was taken to Brooklyn Hospital, officials told PIX11. Another man was aided at the scene, but refused medical attention.Via: Pix11.com",0
21737,BREAKING: DEATH FOR WELFARE LEECH AND BOSTON JIHADIST… Jury Gives Muslim Terrorist First Class Ticket To Hell…,"No mercy for welfare leech and America hater, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev This is nothing to celebrate. This is justice,  said first-responder Michael Ward.  He wanted to go to hell and he s going to get there early. A jury s ruling today to sentence marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death is  justice  and a warning Boston  will not tolerate terrorism,  survivors and police said after the verdict. This is nothing to celebrate. This is justice,  said first-responder Michael Ward.  He wanted to go to hell and he s going to get there early. The verdict against Tsarnaev, who ll turn 22 in July, was announced by U.S. District Court Judge George A. O Toole Jr. s courtroom clerk Paul Lyness. Tsarnaev showed no emotion as the verdict was read.Marathon bombing survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis, who lost a third of her left leg in the bombing, told the Herald she s  happy with the verdict. My heart goes out to everyone in the survivor community and to the victims  families,  she added.  It s still a lot to process right now. Only three of the 12 jurors bought into the defense argument that Tsarnaev was influenced by his older brother Tamerlan. The jurors unanimously agreed that Tsarnaev showed no remorse for the marathon attack and its aftermath that killed four young people, maimed 17 and injured hundreds.The jurors unanimously voted to put him to death for the week of terror. You re not going to blow up our marathon. You re not going to blow up our city,  said Boston police Commissioner William Evans.  We will not tolerate terrorism. Tsarnaev will be formally sentenced by O Toole this summer after survivors and loved ones of the victims have the opportunity to present impact statements.Tsarnaev will also be afforded the chance to speak. He chose not to take the stand in his own defense during the trial   a factor jurors were not allowed to consider or even discuss amongst themselves, per O Toole s orders.Tsarnaev is expected to remain incarcerated locally until after the sentencing, when he will be delivered to the USP Terre Haute prison in Indiana, where he will be the youngest person on federal death row.U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said today in a statement that  Tsarnaev coldly and callously perpetrated a terrorist attack  in Boston. We know all too well that no verdict can heal the souls of those who lost loved ones, nor the minds and bodies of those who suffered life-changing injuries from this cowardly attack,  Lynch said.  But the ultimate penalty is a fitting punishment for this horrific crime and we hope that the completion of this prosecution will bring some measure of closure to the victims and their families. We thank the jurors for their service, the people of Boston for their vigilance, resilience and support and the law enforcement community in Boston and throughout the country for their important work. The seven women and five men, who reached their verdict after 14 hours of deliberations, convicted the former University of Massachusetts Dartmouth sophomore on April 8 of a 30-count indictment that included the April 15, 2013, bombing murders of marathon spectators Martin Richard, 8, of Dorchester, Lingzi Lu, 23, a Boston University graduate statistics student from China, and restaurant manager Krystle Marie Campbell, 29, a Medford native.Tsarnaev was also held responsible for the shooting death of MIT Police Officer Sean Collier, 27, three days after the marathon massacre, when the FBI went public with photos of Tsarnaev and his late older brother Tamerlan, 26, as their terror suspects.Via: Bostonherald.com",0
21738,LET THE REPARATIONS BEGIN: Rahm Emanuel Uses $5.5 Million Taxpayer Dollars To Gain Favor With Chicago’s Black Voters," We do this not because it s legally required, because it s not,  Patton said at a hearing on the agreement.  We do this because we believe it s the right thing to do, both for the victims and their families and for the city. This is historic,  said Mr. Coverson.  The only city in America that has given reparations and passed a reparations ordinance, and given an official apology for the violence that the police have done to citizens. The city of Chicago on Tuesday sought to put to rest one of its most persistent scandals, proposing a $5.5 million reparations fund for dozens of torture victims connected to former Chicago police Cmdr. Jon Burge and his so-called midnight crew of rogue detectives.The proposal, negotiated with a key plaintiff s attorney and supported by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, would offer free city college tuition for victims and their families, free counseling for psychological issues and substance abuse as well as other assistance to more than 50 potential victims. The city would also issue a formal apology, create a permanent memorial recognizing the victims and ensure that eighth- and 10th-grade students attending Chicago Public Schools would be taught about the Burge case and its brutal legacy, cementing the scandal s role in city history.But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. Burge was convicted in federal court of lying about the torture and sentenced to 41/2 years in prison. He was released in October but confined to his home until February. He still collects a police pension.Burge did not return calls Tuesday to his home in Florida.But John  Jack  Byrne, Burge s former right-hand man, on Tuesday called the reparations deal a  scam perpetuated on taxpayers. Via: Chicago Tribune ",0
21739,CONSEQUENCES OF OPEN BORDERS: 15 Heavily Armed Men Break Into Texas Border Home With 9 Yr Old Boy And Open Fire,"Barack Obama s reckless desire to open our borders to international criminals will likely result in the most serious security threat our nation will ever face. A group of 15 heavily-armed masked gunmen kicked down the door of a Texas border home and opened fire without warning, in a home invasion that injured a 9-year-old boy and his 33-year-old mother.The assault took place in the morning hours, in a rural home near the border city of Harlingen. The gunmen kicked the door down and began shooting at random as soon as they arrived on the scene, Cameron County Sheriff Omar Lucio said in an interview with Breitbart Texas.The spray of bullets injured the woman and her child, but the woman s husband and other children were not harmed in the shooting, Lucio said. He classified the woman s injuries as minor, but the child remains at a local hospital, where he is listed in stable condition. During the robbery the gunmen yelled out  policia policia  which as we all know is the Spanish word for police,  Lucio said.Preliminary information suggests the robbers attacked the wrong house, as they did not take anything from the property. Sheriff s investigators are still working to identify the gunmen, who are believed to have arrived in at least three vehicles.According to Lucio, the family inside the home is not believed to have any relation to criminal activity, and were simply random victims.As previously reported by Breitbart Texas, home invasions along the Texas border are a different breed of crime, since they often involve gunmen with ties to Mexican drug cartels storming houses to steal drug loads, or abduct human trafficking victims from a rival crew.Via: Breitbart News",0
21740,MOOCH FOR PRESIDENT? Surprising New Poll Shows How Michelle Stacks Up Against Hillary In 2016 Presidential Bid,"If nothing else, Mooch makes Hillary seem like she s not such a bad candidate after all .If Michelle Obama decided to run for president in 2016 she would represent the most significant threat, among likely contenders, to Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the Democratic nomination, according to a new Rasmussen poll.A telephone survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted by the polling company found that, in a hypothetical match-up between the current First Lady and the former secretary of State, Clinton would best Obama 56 percent to 22 percent.That may seem like a significant margin, but according to the most recent RealClearPolitics polling average, Elizabeth Warren   Clinton s other biggest hypothetical challenger   nets just 12.5 percent to Clinton s 64 percent.Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), the only other declared Democratic candidate for President, is even further behind with 7.4 percent. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O Malley, who is expected to announce his bid on May 30, fares the worst against Clinton with 1.2 percent of support from likely voters.The first lady is highly unlikely to mount a presidential campaign, however. In fact, of the people surveyed by Rasmussen, just 14 percent thought she should run.Still, 40 percent of black voters welcomed the idea of her running, and she bests Clinton among those voters, with 44 percent support among African-Americans compared with 36 percent for Clinton.Obama herself recently joked about a possible October surprise, hinting to  Late Show  host David Letterman that the thought had crossed her mind.Via: The Hill",0
21741,"BUSTED: The Oh So Objective ABC News Chief Anchor, George Stephanopoulous Made Huge Donation To Clinton Foundation","Just like Hillary Stephanopoulos claims it was an  honest mistake  not to disclose his donations to the corrupt Clinton slush fund ABC News chief anchor George Stephanopoulos has given $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation in recent years, charitable contributions that he did not publicly disclose while reporting on the Clintons or their non-profit organization, the On Media blog has learned.In both 2013 and 2014, Stephanopoulos made a $25,000 donation to the 501 nonprofit founded by former president Bill Clinton, the Foundation s records show. Stephanopoulos never disclosed this information to viewers, even when interviewing author Peter Schweizer last month about his book  Clinton Cash,  which alleges that donations to the Foundation may have influenced some of Hillary Clinton s actions as Secretary of State.In a statement to the On Media blog on Thursday, Stephanopoulos apologized and said that he should have disclosed the donations to ABC News and its viewers.Watch George discuss the problem with donations to the Clinton Foundation on the Daily Show with John Stewart, and how it might make people question if donations to the Foundation could be seen as  pernicious : I made charitable donations to the Foundation in support of the work they re doing on global AIDS prevention and deforestation, causes I care about deeply,  he said.  I thought that my contributions were a matter of public record. However, in hindsight, I should have taken the extra step of personally disclosing my donations to my employer and to the viewers on air during the recent news stories about the Foundation. I apologize. Stephanopoulos is the chief anchor and chief political correspondent for ABC News, as well as the co-anchor of ABC s  Good Morning America  and host of  This Week,  its Sunday morning public affairs program. Prior to joining ABC News, he served as communications director and senior advisor for policy and strategy to President Clinton. He also served as communications director on Bill Clinton s 1992 presidential campaign.In its own statement on Thursday, ABC News said it was standing behind its star anchor. As George has said, he made charitable donations to the Foundation to support a cause he cares about deeply and believed his contributions were a matter of public record,  the network s statement read.  He should have taken the extra step to notify us and our viewers during the recent news reports about the Foundation. He s admitted to an honest mistake and apologized for that omission. We stand behind him. ABC News later told the On Media blog that it would not take any punitive action against Stephanopoulos:  We accept his apology,  a spokesperson said.  It was an honest mistake. Sources with knowledge of Stephanopoulos  charitable giving said he gives to dozens of charities Stephanopoulosevery year and that the total sum of these annual contributions is in the millions of dollars. Those sources said that the Clinton Foundation contributions represent a very small percentage of the total.On the April 26 edition of  This Week,  Stephanopoulos interviewed Schweizer and challenged the author s assertions that Hillary Clinton may have committed a crime because there was a  troubling pattern  between donations to the Foundation and Clinton s actions as Secretary of State. We ve done investigative work here at ABC News, found no proof of any kind of direct action,  the host told Schweizer.  An independent government ethics expert, Bill Allison, of the Sunlight Foundation, wrote this. He said,  There s no smoking gun, no evidence that she changed the policy based on donations to the foundation.  No smoking gun. Later in the interview, Stephanopoulos said,  I still haven t heard any direct evidence and you just said you had no evidence that she intervened here.  He also noted that other news organizations that used Schweizer s research  haven t confirmed any evidence of any crime. Among the more notable revelations to come out of Schweizer s research is the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and Uranium One, a former Canadian mining company that was taken over by Russia in 2013 with U.S. government approval. Between 2009 to 2013, Uranium One s chairman donated $2.35 million to the Clinton Foundation.Hillary Clinton has said that there is  not an inherent conflict of interest  between the Foundation donations and her decisions at the State Department. Her campaign has consistently dismissed the accusations as partisan attacks.Via: Politico",0
21742,"7 DEAD, OVER 200 INJURED IN AMTRAK CRASH And This Passenger Has The Audacity To Complain About This…","This woman s remarks exemplify the  Me first  and  Everyone s a victim  attitude we re seeing so much of today..A violinist is facing backlash for her heartless tweet following the Amtrak train derailment Tuesday. Jennifer Kim, a professional violinist and music professor, was on board Amtrak 188 when it went off the tracks in Philadelphia about 9:30 p.m., killing seven people so far and left 140 injured. After the crash, Kim sent out a tweet that caused a strong counter blast from people social media.  @AmtrakNEC @Amtrak thanks a lot for derailing my train. Can I please get my violin back from the 2nd car of the train?  she wrote. The vitriol sent her way was so great, she deleted her Twitter account soon after her tweet started going viral, but thanks to screenshots it will never go away. Not even if she gets her violin back.Via: BizPacReview",0
21743,STATE FUNDED PROGRESSIVE INDOCTRINATION: COLLEGE PROF DEMANDS Students Adopt His Atheist Beliefs And Leftist Views…Or Fail,"Emboldened by a radical leftist  President  who thumbs his nose at our Constitution and the core values our nation was founded on, our teachers and professors in colleges and universities across America are ramping it up. Our children and our nation will pay a heavy price unless we step and in and demand accountability for their actions A professor at Polk State College has allegedly failed a humanities student after she refused to concede that Jesus is a  myth  or that Christianity oppresses women during a series of mandatory assignments at the Florida college.According to a press release from the Liberty Counsel, a non-profit public interest law firm, Humanities Professor Lance  Lj  Russum gave a student a  zero  on four separate papers because the 16-year-old did not  conform to his personal worldviews of Marxism, Atheism, Feminism, and homosexuality.  The law firm has called for a full, private investigation of the professor and the course curriculum.The course description for the class,   Introduction to Humanities,  claims that students  are under no obligation to agree with classmates, authors, or the instructor, in fact, the instructor will often occupy the space of  Devil s Advocate  for the purpose of lively discussion. The point of this is not to  bash  any religion, we should NEVER favor one over another, they all come from the same source, HUMAN IMAGINATION and [sic] they demonstrate that humanity is one,  a copy of Russum s class outline, riddled with grammatical errors, says.Video via Breitbart News We have much to thank of [sic] humans like Michelangelo who took a sacred space, a temple to god, and made it a HUMAN space, a space where humanism can meet with god and discourse,  one course assignment read.  Finally humanity and the gods are on equal footing and that is what the myths of Hercules, Apollo and Jesus are all about the divine becoming human and human being divine. In her essay, the student, who Liberty Counsel identifies as  G.L.,  argued that  it is a logical fallacy to make the assumption that Christian humanism s goal was to  blend mythologies and make man the center  simply on account of Michelangelo s artwork or because Renaissance artists incorporate classicism. The student apparently received a zero on that assignment.Another assignment allegedly required students to discuss how  fortunate  Martin Luther was to be born in a historical moment that allowed him to  challenge the mythos of the power structure of the church.  The assignment required students to write only about the humanism of Luther and his reformation and students were instructed in bolded text to keep theology out of the paper: WHAT YOU MUST NOT WRITE ABOUT: 1. This is NOT about Luther s theology 2. Any quotes from his sermons or writings MUST be about humanism and how the reformation is in the right place and right time in history NOT some divine providence of the gods 3. You must stay focused on the history of the humanism of Luther and his reformation IF You turn this into a theological debate or divine providence I will NOT read it and you will be given a zero. She failed that assignment as well.Another description on the course outline criticized Christianity as one of the  most violent forms of religion the world has ever seen,  and bashed the religion for its  dominance by powerful men.  The description, supposedly for a class centered on the role of religion in the Middle Ages, claims that today s major religions  STILL attempt to regulate the bodies of women. One assignment supposedly required students to argue why  did Christianity, and its male gods, want to silence  a specific group of nuns. SECOND, and this is VERY important, I DO NOT want you to write about how wonderful you think Christianity is now because women can do A, B, or C. History is history and facts are facts and your opinion on if it is better now or not is irrelevant for this discussion,  the assignment, obtained by the Liberty Counsel, read.  This is a HISTORICAL discussion about the middle ages. If you really feel the need to express your opinion on how you think Christianity is now for women you may email me, you may call my office or I would love for you to stop by for a nice cup of hot tea where we can talk about it but it does not belong in this assignment. The pieces your are [sic] reading a [sic] from some of the greatest expressions of mythology by women ever, the question is to honor that voice in that moment of history. Christianity. According to the Liberty Counsel, Russum s Facebook page which appears to have been deleted or unlisted via the website s privacy settings included photos of Jesus making an obscene gesture, and his email signature supposedly includes a quote from a Marxist. These, along with the inapropriate course content, show that Professor Russum is seeking to impose his own values on students, in violation of the Constitution,  the press release states.In an email to G.L. s parents, obtained by Liberty Counsel, Dean of Academic Affairs Donald Painter said that he had reviewed the materials presented in Russum s Humanities 2020 course and  believe[d] them to be appropriate.  Painter apologized that the student and her family found the course materials to be  distasteful,  but said the materials would not be modified.Painter, who did not respond to an emailed request for comment from Campus Reform, reminded the student s parents in the email that they had signed an agreement with her dual-enrollment that acknowledged they were aware that some course material may be developed for  the adult student, age 18 or older. According to its website, the college s core values are service, integrity, knowledge, diversity, and leadership. No student should be subjected to such outrageous bias and outright hostility to their values by a professor. Being a professor is not open season to belittle and punish students merely because they do not subscribe to the professor s radical opinions,  Mat Staver, founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel, said in the press release.The Liberty Counsel is asking for not only a full and independent investigation of Russum and the humanities course materials, but also a written apology, re-grading of the student s assignments, and assurance that Russum s future courses will be free from discrimination. In this age of grade inflation it is difficult to earn a grade of zero much less four consecutive zeros. Professors who do so are likely to be sending a message,  Dr. Mike Adams, a professor at the University of North Carolina Wilmington and no stranger to religious bias in academia, told Campus Reform.  A cursory examination of this professor s test questions leaves little doubt about what that message is. The school would be foolish to ignore reasonable requests for an independent investigation. Otherwise they may be on the receiving end of another kind of message in the form of a civil complaint. According to the website Rate My Professor, Russum has an overall quality rating of 4.3 and the average grade of an  A.  His page is also adorned with a chili pepper to indicate his physical attractiveness. One student labeled him a Marxist and feminist in 2011.Russum did not respond to an emailed request for comment from Campus Reform.Polk State College officials said the school s legal counsel is reviewing the issue but declined to comment further to Campus Reform.Richard Mast, a lawyer with the Liberty Counsel who is assigned to the case, told Campus Reform that the school has yet to respond to the Liberty Counsel s letter but have until Friday to do so. The Liberty Counsel is prepared to  take further action,  if needed, Mast said. In terms of egregious behavior by professors, this is certainly one of those cases that will forge new ground on what not to do,  Mast told Campus Reform in an interview. This is the most wildly inappropriate behavior I ve seen that reflects a growing hostility towards religion Christianity in particular,  Mast said.According to Mast, the Liberty Counsel does have more documents in a file on Russum s classroom behavior that the firm has not yet released.The public state school, located in Lakeland, Fla., has more than 10,000 students enrolled.",0
21744,THIS IS RICH! ACLU WANTS INVESTIGATION INTO HOLLYWOOD SEXISM,"Nothing like a ridiculous notion after all these years that Hollywood is sexist-bahahaha! The ACLU is such a useless organization that s reaching for conflict in areas that are inherently more incestuous than anything. What a joke!Major Hollywood film and TV studios have long been criticized for failing to create a level playing field for women. While insiders and studies have highlighted the entertainment industry s one-sided hiring practices in recent months and years, now the complainants have found an ally.The American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California and the national ACLU Women s Rights Project said Tuesday they will ask federal and California civil rights agencies to investigate a  systemic failure  to hire female directors in film and television.The New York Times reports those accused of gender discrimination include Hollywood s major studios, networks and talent agencies, and all could potentially face litigagation, for what the ACLU described as widespread and intentional discrimination.Melissa Goodman, Director of the L.G.B.T., Gender and Reproductive Justice Project at the ACLU of Southern California, said:  Women directors aren t working on an even playing field and aren t getting a fair opportunity to succeed  Gender discrimination is illegal. And really Hollywood doesn t get this free pass when it comes to civil rights and gender discrimination. Read more: Breitbart",0
21745,NO JOKE! THE EPA STICKS ITS NOSE INTO THE NAIL SALON BUSINESS,"The EPA must be really bored with the important things they need to look into. It is just like the government to stick its nose where it really doesn t belong. Do we really need to spend taxpayer dollars on this??? It just seems that the lines with all these government agencies are becoming more and more blurred. Defund the EPA!!!Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy will take a trip to a San Francisco nail salon Wednesday a visit intended to shine a spotlight on health risks posed by the industry.McCarthy s West Coast trip arrives on the heels of a New York Times expose published last week that documented poor working conditions in New York City-area nail salons, detailing how workers are routinely underpaid and overworked. The article sparked public outcry and prompted Gov. Andrew Cuomo to call for an investigation into worker treatment at nail salons. We know more visibility needs to be raised for these issues and we re working hard to reach communities and to educate folks,  McCarthy said Tuesday at the White House Summit on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in Washington, where she announced her nail salon visit.During her trip, McCarthy will meet with a local nail salon owner along with members of the California Healthy Nail Salon Collaborative, which is a coalition of salon workers, environmental groups, nonprofits, and government agencies.Read more: NJ",0
21746,WHY WAS THIS YOUNG MAN SPONSORED BY CAIR INVITED TO THE WHITE HOUSE,"It s Hard To Know Who Obama Hates More America, Israel Or Our Police Officers Barry doesn t have time to attend the funerals of any of the cops who ve been murdered in his race war, but he s got time to meet with a CAIR sponsored victim of alleged police brutality following a violent protest, supposedly at the hands of Israel police officers. He s always got time for the  victim,  especially if the radical muslim organization, CAIR has anything to do with using the victim s status to promote their radical cause. A White House official confirmed that the Obama administration s national security team recently met with a teenager who garnered international headlines after a video of him being beaten by Israeli police during a protest in East Jerusalem emerged on the Internet.Tariq Khdeir, a fifteen-year-old Tampa resident of Palestinian decent, was hosted at the White House for continuing meetings with the Obama administration, which says that it is continuing to monitor the case.Khdeir was filmed being beaten and arrested by Israeli police last summer during a riot in a Palestinian neighborhood over the death of Muhammad Abu Khdeir, Tariq s cousin.A White House official confirmed late Monday to the Washington Free Beacon that Khdeir and his family were hosted at the White House for meetings. The confirmation came following initial reports of the April 15 meeting by CNN. The U.S. government has remained closely engaged with Tariq and his family since his return from Jerusalem,  a White House official told the Free Beacon.  As part of the follow-up on pending issues related to his case, National Security Council staff met with the Abu Khdeir family recently. While Tariq Khdeir was originally accused of participating in the riot which came amid a series of similar riots in Jerusalem last summer he was cleared of all charges in January.Khdeir s cousin Muhammad was the victim of an apparent revenge killing in the wake of the abduction and slaughter of three Israeli teens by Palestinian terrorists.Anti-Israel activists touted the video of Khdeir s beating as proof of widespread Israeli aggression and malfeasance in East Jerusalem. Organizations such as the Council of America-Islamic Relations (CAIR) have featured Khdeir as a speaker at various anti-Israel conferences.The family is reportedly seeking assurances that Khdeir will not be subjected to retaliation by Israel should he return to Jerusalem.The Obama administration is reportedly miffed with Israel over the incident and believes the government has not taken such incidents seriously, according to CNN. Based on numerous conversations with administration officials on background, there is a widespread belief within the Obama administration that the Israeli government does not take these incidents against American citizens with the seriousness U.S. officials believe they merit,  CNN reported. Unless there is video evidence that excessive force was used, as in the case of Tariq Khdeir, Israeli government officials inevitably conclude that the action taken was justified and in keeping with national security needs, officials say,  according to the report.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
21747,[Video] US VETERAN FINDS FLAG HE CARRIRED ON TOUR DESECRATED IN FRONT YARD,"The war on the American flag continues.Retired mounted an American flag in front of his house, the same flag that he carried with him on duty across five continents.One morning last week, the vet woke up to find his car smashed with the flag pole and the flag desecrated with a marker. The message that I would like to say is America is still the greatest country in the world,  Hernandez Garcia said on  Fox and Friends Weekend.   It s not something that we are just brainwashed with. We are still the greatest country. We got problems. Everybody does. The flag represents freedom. When you step on the flag, you really are stepping on those veterans that have really fought for you. And everybody else, including your own parents, grandparents and great-grandparents and so forth,  Hernandez Garcia said. So, if you are watching this, I would like to tell you, come and talk to me. Let s talk about things. Let s not destroy things. Our country needs dialogue more than violence. He said that social media has a major influence on people, so maybe someone saw the recent  stomp the flag challenge  and was inspired.Tucker Carlson and Ainsley Earhardt revealed that America s Mighty Warriors, a group that helps support military families, will be paying for the damages to Hernandez Garcia s car and flagpole, plus paying for a weekend vacation for two. In addition to that, a flag will be flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of his service.Via: Fox and Friends",0
21748,"LAWS ARE FOR THE COMMON MAN…NOT FOR BARRY SOETORO: Obama Gives Work Permits To 2,000 After Judge Ordered Him To Stop","It was all an  accident.  It s good to King The Obama administration continues to ignore the law and do pretty much whatever the hell it wants.From The Hill:The government  erroneously  doled out about 2,000 expanded immigrant work permit authorizations under President Obama s controversial executive actions, even after a federal judge blocked the move, the Justice Department says. The Government sincerely regrets these circumstances and is taking immediate steps to remedy these erroneous three-year terms,  the Department of Justice wrote in a court advisory filed late Thursday in the Southern District of Texas.The advisory comes after District Court Judge Andrew Hanen halted the implementation of the executive actions, which defer deportations for immigrants living in the U.S. illegally and provide them with expanded access to work permits, until the courts could decide whether the policies are constitutional.While the old policies authorize a two-year renewal of work permits under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the new program would allow for a three-year renewal.The DOJ added in the advisory that the Department of Homeland Security is  converting  the three-year renewals into two-year terms and that DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has asked the agency s inspector general to investigate.Oh good they re investigating, I m sure they ll be fair and honest, right? If we can t trust them to follow a judge s ruling then why should we trust them about any immigration policy they might seek in the future? This is just pathetic. And of course it s released on Friday afternoon, knowing that the complicit moron media will barely report it.Via: The Right Scoop ",0
21749,(VIDEO) MILITARY VETS TOLD NOT TO ACT ‘POMPOUS’ TO AVOID ANGERING ISIS ‘LONE WOLVES’ WHILE LIBERAL PUNDITS CALL RADICAL ISLAM A ‘MADE UP IDEA’,"So is radical islam a made up idea? Are all horrors committed in the name of radical Islam just a figment of our imagination? Our own military would disagree with the liberal premiss and would go further in warning our military vets against acting  pompous  for fear of an attack from a VERY REAL threat and NOT a  made up idea . You can t have it both ways and ignore the enemy but then raise an alarm against the possibility of an attack by them. So which is it? I stand with reality and truth. I stand with our military  against the VERY REAL enemy that is Islam. The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody has decided not to see.    Ayn RandMILITARY VETS TOLD NOT TO ACT  POMPOUS Over the weekend, military bases across the United States were placed on higher alert for domestic terror attacks, in response to a surge in threatening chatter from ISIS and its sympathizers.  It is the highest level of security since the tenth anniversary of September 11,  notes Fox 13 News in Tampa Bay, home of MacDill Air Force Base.  No specific threat has been announced, but the alert comes after an FBI warning that there are hundreds of known, active ISIS supporters in the United States. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that  lone wolf  terrorists, such as the jihadis who attacked the Mohammed Art Exhibit in Garland, Texas, could  strike at any moment.  He described this as a new and challenging security environment, but added,  we are not discouraging Americans from doing the things they do on a daily basis. That disclaimer might not be entirely accurate, judging by what Fox 13 has been hearing from the military community in Tampa. Military personnel, veterans and their families at military bases like MacDill are being advised to be careful what they post online and talk about in public,  says the report.Retired Col. E.J. Otero is quoted as saying the 440,000 veterans in the Tampa Bay area  have heard through one way or another from the commanders at MacDill to pay attention, keep a low profile, don t be so pompous about being in the military, because those guy are looking for possible targets. Read more: Breitbart News",0
21750,U.S. APOLOGIZES FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS AT U.N. REVIEW TO COUNTRIES WITH WORSE HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS,"Obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues The United States heard widespread concern Monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the U.N. s main human rights body for a review of its record.Washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty, push ahead with closing the Guantanamo Bay detention center and ensure effective safeguards against abuses of Internet surveillance. Its appearance before the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva is the second review of the U.S. rights record, following the first in 2010.A string of countries ranging from Malaysia to Mexico pressed the U.S. to redouble efforts to prevent police using excessive force against minorities. Welcome to Mexico. It to likely you ll find any human rights violations here. Oh and here s a prison in Malaysia. Nothing to see here The U.N.Human Rights Council has more pressing issues to deal with like hmmm .maybe their concerned about whether or not the terrorists we re keeping in our Guantanamo Bay Prison have soccer balls that are properly inflated We must rededicate ourselves to ensuring that our civil-rights laws live up to their promise,  Justice Department official James Cadogan told delegates, adding that that is particularly important in the area of police practices and pointing to recent high-profile cases of officers killing unarmed black residents. These events challenge us to do better and to work harder for progress through both dialogue and action,  he said at the session s opening. He added that the government has the authority to prosecute officials who  wilfully use excessive force,  and that criminal charges have been brought against more than 400 law-enforcement officials in the past six years.Several countries, including Brazil and Kenya, voiced concern over the extent of U.S. surveillance in the light of reports about the National Security Agency s activities.David Bitkower, a deputy assistant attorney general, responded that  U.S. intelligence collection programs and activities are subject to stringent and multilayered oversight mechanisms.  He added that the country doesn t collect intelligence to suppress dissent or to give U.S. businesses a competitive advantage, and that there is  extensive and effective oversight to prevent abuse. Faced with widespread calls for a moratorium on executions and a move to scrap the death penalty, Bitkower noted that it is an issue of  extensive debate and controversy  within the U.S. He pointed to  heightened procedural safeguards  for defendants prosecuted for capital offenses.Brig. Gen. Richard Gross, the legal counsel to the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, told the council that President Barack Obama has said closing Guantanamo   in which he has been thwarted by Congress   is  a national imperative.  The remaining detainees are detained lawfully, he said.Via: AP News",0
21751,WACKO LIBERAL PUNDIT: ‘GOOD NEWS’ BECAUSE ISIS ATTACKS IN U.S. WILL JUST BE SMALL SCALE, ,0
21752,CRIES OF RACISM AFTER NYC MUSEUM KICKS OUT ROWDY HIGH SCHOOLERS,"So am I getting this right? Everyone needs to let the high schoolers rampage through the museum or else they ll scream racism? If we want everyone to be treated equally, then we should apply the rules set  forth by the museum equally. Isn t it more racist to expect and accept bad behavior from minorities attending a museum? This could be a teaching moment for all involved but pointing the finger at the museum and screaming racism is so much easier. Does this sound familiar to anyone out there Baltimore? The Upper East Side museum banned a Brooklyn high school for life after its students were deemed too rowdy on a recent visit   a move that some call discipline and others discrimination. A group of about 80 kids from Downtown Brooklyn s Science Skills Center HS were kicked out after just 20 minutes after a student allegedly spat off the museum s swirling rotunda lobby and another threw a penny off its winding walkway. The coin was rumored to have hit a security guard. It was only a handful of troublemakers, but the whole group of ninth- and 10-graders got the boot, with the museum forcing them to wait outside for an hour for their bus to arrive. Many never got to glimpse the gallery s Picassos, van Goghs and Monets or even finish checking out the main display by Japanese artist On Kawara.  I thought, if anything, they [museum staff] should just tell the teachers to control the children more and let us finish the exhibit, but they didn t even do that. They just kicked us out,  said student Yosmeris Martinez, 14, from East New York. Shortly afterward, the school was told it was not welcome back. Just last week, First Lady Michelle Obama pleaded for art institutions to be more welcoming of kids from all backgrounds. You see, there are so many kids in this country who look at places like museums and concert halls and other cultural centers and they think to themselves,  Well, that s not a place for me, for someone who looks like me, for someone who comes from my neighborhood,  she said, speaking at the opening of the new Whitney Museum in the Meatpacking District. Guggenheim rules state that people should speak quietly, not run and not disturb other visitors. However, gallery visitors complained about the students  obnoxious behavior, with one angrily requesting a refund because of the troublesome teens. Some workers at the Guggenheim suggested the ban may have been a knee-jerk reaction to racist stereotypes.  It was pretty much the first . . . group of black kids I have ever seen there,  said Asha Walker, who has spent two years working at the Guggenheim distributing audio guides.  IT S UNFAIR, BECAUSE CHILDREN ARE GOING TO BE CHILDREN. SO JUST TELL US THAT WE RE WRONG RATHER THAN HOLDING US BACK FROM GOING.     Yosmeris Martinez, student Walker, who is black and from Bedford-Stuyvesant, said that she didn t see any spitting or throwing, but that the boisterous teens were yelling at one another across the rotunda, with very little supervision from teachers.  This is the first time since I have been there that there are a majority of black students . . . and the first time I am hearing about a school being banned. But it s not the first time I am hearing about kids being rowdy in the museum or there being a behavior issue in the museum,  said Walker. Another Guggenheim staffer, who requested anonymity, said:  I think it s a real shame that the Guggenheim s automatic reaction was to say no and ban the school, instead of considering that maybe the students haven t been there before. It s a pretty dramatic step to me. The Guggenheim declined to comment on the ban.Via: NYP",0
21753,HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY…Your First Grader Just Rated Your Mommy Skills For Her Public School Teacher,"Rate your mom for Mother s Day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive, progressive public school teacher would assign. A first grade class at Ridgecrest Elementary in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, (and scads of other schools around the country, too, if the 1,994 downloads are any indication) made a Mother s Day  gift  to take home. Was it a sentimental card? A loving poem? Perhaps the impression of the child s hand forever memorialized in plaster of paris? No.Some teacher (or in this case it may have been Principal Teri Mattson) thought it was a grand idea to have six-year-olds rate their moms on personal behaviors. The  report card  reveals how well  the mom  lives up to expectations! Kids get to rate (with smiling, neutral, or frowning faces) their moms on these items:The mom cares for her children. The mom cooks healthy meals for her children. The mom has an organized bedroom. The mom takes time to enjoy her hobbies, such as reading. The mom works hard to make money for her family. The mom is funny and makes her children laugh. The mom takes care of herself by getting her hair done and taking bubble baths. The mom is a safe driver and does not get distracted when driving. Inspire Me, ASAP! the username of a woman who offers items on Teachers Pay Teachers created this worksheet. It is apparently receiving lots of positive feedback (and smiling faces!) with comments like:The moms will love these! How fun is this?! Can t wait to have my kiddos make this! Super adorable! Adorable idea. I can t wait to see their answers.Now the questions are:How many parents are going to speak up about this? How could teachers/administrators be this clueless? Whenever things like this happen, I see a ton of private griping and moaning and negative social media commentary. Few parents, however, are willing to push back.In a nutshell, parents are afraid of school employees. These taxpayer funded teachers and administrators hold so much power (grades, influence, activities, resources) that parents vehemently object in private while smiling and nodding in public.They work for us, people. They must be held accountable.Giving such a worksheet is not just invasive and stupid. In Utah, it s illegal.Title 53A Chapter 13 Part 3 Section 302Except as provided in Subsection (7), Section 53A-11a-203, and Section 53A-15-1301, policies adopted by a school district or charter school under Section 53A-13-301 shall include prohibitions on the administration to a student of any psychological or psychiatric examination, test, or treatment, or any survey, analysis, or evaluation without the prior written consent of the student s parent or legal guardian, in which the purpose or evident intended effect is to cause the student to reveal information, whether the information is personally identifiable or not, concerning the student s or any family member s: (e) critical appraisals of individuals with whom the student or family member has close family relationshipsVia: Mormonmomma",0
21754,WATCH HILARIOUS SNL “Draw Muhammed” Contest Skit…,"We d like to offer a special word of  thanks  to Pamela Gellar for shining the light on the truth about Americans who are being bullied into submission by muslim terrorists.https://youtu.be/D2mcRb_WXhYThis skit points out the ridiculousness of the argument by the left that we need to draw the free speech line at criticizing Islam. It s okay to criticize Christianity or Judaism. There s no need to fear criticizing other faiths, but criticize Islam and threats made against your life are apparently  justified. Funny we don t remember seeing anything in the First Amendment that exempts American citizens from criticizing Muhammed or the Islam faith ",0
21755,MOTHER OUTRAGED OVER DAUGHTER BEING ASKED TO ARRIVE NUDE TO EXAM BY RADICAL COLLEGE PROF Whose Past Includes Aiding Illegals To Cross Border Into US,"Not that anyone should be surprised by this insanity after all, it s California where rules, laws and morals don t really apply to liberals Arriving naked at a final exam is one of the most common nightmares for students, according to Psychology Today. At the University of California San Diego, however, the naked final exam is a requirement for a class in the visual arts department.Students are required to perform  a gesture that traces, outlines or speaks about your  erotic self(s),  according to the course syllabus. In the performance, all of the students are naked, along with the professor, Ricardo Dominguez, who has taught the class for 11 years. It s the standard canvas for performance art and body art,  Dominguez told local ABC News affiliate KGTV.  It is all very controlled If they are uncomfortable with this gesture, they should not take the class.  He was defending the class after one mother spoke out, claiming the requirement was not clear and was a  perversion. According to the UCSD Visual Arts department website, the course is a prerequisite for a verbal performance art class. Fully 95% of students in the class receive a grade of  A,  according to the college course ratings website koofers.com.Domniguez s biography on the department website lists a series of political efforts, including a government-funded project called the  Transborder Immigrant Tool,  in which he handed out cell phones to prospective illegal immigrants with instructions about how to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.The goal of the project, which was funded by U.S. government grants and UCSD, and which was subsequently investigated by Congress, was to use poetry to  dissolve  the border.Via: Breitbart News",0
21756,INSANE VIDEO: IT’S GRADUATION TIME…AND THAT MEANS IT’S TIME FOR OUR RACIST FIRST LADY To Spew Hateful Lies And Rhetoric About Racist White America And The Mistreatment Of Blacks,"GET OVER YOURSELF! MOOCH PLAYS THE RACE CARD AGAIN This woman loves to stir it up and fabricate things because it does exactly what she wants. It further divides us as a nation. Why else would she (a lawyer) not know that in both highly charged police abuse cases in Ferguson and Baltimore, racism was not the cause of death for either of the criminals who died.https://youtu.be/4w3eFiVUHQQSooo .instead of standing up to Mooch s claims that all Whites are racists and that clearly we, as a nation have made no progress in race relations since the 1950 s, the CBS hosts choose to applaud her courage and ability to speak the  truth. Perhaps they missed the memo, but our so-called  First Black President  (who could have just as easily called himself white) and his racist wife have spent the last 6 years living in our White House and occupying the most important job in our nation.But you know, it s not about reality for these people, it s about stirring the pot and dividing the nation, and the mainstream media is more than happy to help them accomplish that goal. They don t even have the common sense to know they re being called racists right along with the rest of the majority of Americans who seem to be okay with Barack and Mooch s ignorant labels.CBS host Norah O Donnell closes her segment by saying: That is a speech worth reading from beginning to end. Everyone should take a look at that. ",0
21757,OUTRAGEOUS VIDEOS: WATCH THE LEFTISTS BLAME THE VICTIM AND DENY THE TRUTH," The point is Alan Dershowitz made this absurd comment earlier, that the only people who are engaging in these violent ideological war are Muslim. That s not true. You can go to Uganda right now and see gay people killed for being gay by Christians, by rogue Christian organizations. We can go around Africa, around Europe, around South America and find all these people.    MARC LAMONT-HILLWE ALL KNOW THE TRUTH: ",0
21758,BOMB THREAT AND CRITICISM HITS HISPANIC BBQ OWNER’S PLANS FOR WHITE APPRECIATION DAY,"In the initial interview with the owner of this BBQ restaurant it was clear that this guy had good intentions. His intent was that we re all Americans and that we have special months and days for others but not one thing for whites. Could be that people might think he s doing this for the publicity but if that s the case, he got more than he bargained for DENVER The Hispanic restaurant owners who ignited an uproar over their plans to hold White Appreciation Day next month were forced to evacuate their barbecue joint late Friday after a bomb scare.Co-owner Edgar Antillon said Rubbin  Buttz BBQ in Milliken, Colorado, was shut down for several hours during the dinner rush after a bomb threat in posts on social media, but he later said that the eatery plans to reopen Saturday.Shortly before the evacuation, Mr. Antillon told the Washington Times that he has received numerous threats and criticism over the restaurant s plan to hold White Appreciation Day on June 11. Mr. Antillon and Miguel Jiminez bought the restaurant last month. It s been phone calls, it s been emails, it s been on social media,  said Mr. Antillon.  Some are just,  Hey, you re an idiot,  and others have been legit threats. The former owners of this establishment are receiving threats even though they have nothing to do with this thing. It s unfortunate. He announced Thursday on Twitter that white customers would receive 10 percent off their tab on White Appreciation Day, but he emphasized Friday that the discount would apply to all patrons, regardless of their race. It s like we ve said many times before, if a black person comes in here and says,  Hey, what about my discount,  they re going to get a discount,  Mr. Antillon said.  If a Mexican comes in here and says,  I want a discount,  they re going to get a discount. Nobody s going to be turned down for anything. Read more: WT",0
21759,FAMILY LIVING ‘TRADITIONAL LIFESTYLE’ TORN APART: POLICE SEIZE 10 Homeschooled “Off Grid” Children From Their Family,"Conform or pay the ultimate price Police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in Kentucky on Wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.The nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around Joe and Nicole Naugler s rural property before entering the premises. Eight of the kids were out with their father but Nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. Nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).The sheriff then demanded Joe Naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges, an order with which he complied. They are an extremely happy family,  said family friend Pace Ellsworth, who asserts that the Nauglers were targeted because of their  back to basics life  and their decision to homeschool their children.Friends reported no concerns about how the children were being treated by the parents, who follow an educational model called  unschooling  where the children decide their own curriculum based on the subjects that interest them and what their strengths are. This is the natural way to live,  said Ellsworth.  It s actually a growing movement. They want to have a personal education and not a factory education. They are completely open about their life. Everyone is learning by living. They are all extremely intelligent. The family s Facebook page   entitled  My Blessed Little Homestead,  is a charming testament to their way of life. The Naugler children are obviously living a blissful  free range  lifestyle amongst 26 acres of land in Breckinridge County. They frequently post pictures and videos of their children, animals and their off-grid life,  reports Off the Grid News.  A May 5 post showed a video of a toddler, Mosiah, learning to walk. An April 24 post showed a happy family, gathering around a campfire, roasting marshmallows. The family have set up a GoFundMe page to try and raise money for legal expenses.A website for the family spells out their plight with the heart-wrenching words;  This Kentucky family of 12 people, 6 dogs, 2 farm cats and a few random farm animals was just torn apart. Their crime: Living a simple, back to basics life. This shocking story once again illustrates how families attempting to simply get on with their lives in a traditional manner are being treated as extremists by other Americans, snitched on, and targeted by authorities.Here is a Facebook link to the Nagger family business: Blessed Little Grooming Company, LLCVia: InfoWars",0
21760,GUANTANAMO JIHADIST FREED AFTER MURDER OF SFC CHRISTOPHER SPEER,"Released from Guantanamo and then making his way back to Canada thanks to Obama, this murderer is free but SFC Speer is dead This deification of an al-Qaida-trained murderer is a slap in the face to every American soldier and every military family that has sacrificed to combat Islamic jihad. A Canadian judge ruled this week that Omar Khadr poses no public safety threat. Tell that to the children of Sergeant First Class Christopher J. Speer and the surviving American soldiers who valiantly fought Khadr on the battlefield.In 2012, Khadr pleaded guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty and guilty to five charges related to the killing of Speer, a 28-year-old medic with the U.S. Special Forces. This young American hero died in Afghanistan in 2002 during an ambush by al-Qaida operatives. Just days before he gave his life, Speer had fearlessly walked onto a minefield to rescue two wounded Afghan children. It was Khadr, born and bred an Islamic jihadist by his terrorist father, who lobbed the fatal grenade in the war zone. Another American soldier, SFC Layne Morris, survived the attack, but was blinded in one eye for life.In a sealed plea deal at Guantanamo Bay, Khadr admitted to throwing the grenade. He admitted to attempted murder, conspiracy, spying and providing material support to terrorism. He signed a 50-paragraph stipulation that classified him as an  enemy belligerent because he has purposefully and materially supported hostilities against the United States and its coalition partners  and documented his family s intimate association and friendship with al-Qaida leaders Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri and Muhammad Atef.Don t believe the international human rights bleeding hearts. The Khadr family is rightfully known as Canada s First Family of Terror. This so-called  child soldier  and  good kid  was a full-blown Muslim soldier of jihad; he trained one-on-one in weaponry, explosives and Jew hatred. A then-teenage Khadr bragged to a U.S. official  that the proudest moment of his life was constructing and planting IEDs  to  kill U.S. forces. Gloating over the Alberta judge s decision to let Khadr loose, his radical leftwing lawyer railed against Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper as a  bigot.  His fan club thinks he deserves a medal. No, really. A Toronto Sun columnist argued last week that the jihadist  deserves some kind of recognition  along the lines of the country s  Order of Canada  for  the dignity and stoicism with which he s borne the mingy behaviour of Canada s governments. Disgusting. This deification of an al-Qaida-trained murderer is a slap in the face to every American soldier and every military family that has sacrificed to combat Islamic jihad.But don t look for our government to raise its voice in protest. It is because of jihad-coddler Barack Obama, working quietly to empty Gitmo, that Khadr found his way back to Canada in the first place.",0
21761,OBAMA REGIME’S SECRET ASIAN TRADE DEAL Would Let International Tribunal Overrule State and Fed Laws To Benefit Foreign Companies,"Nothing to see here just Obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule US laws and allow them to levy fines against the US the American taxpayer would be responsible for paying. It is really worrisome,  said top House Ways and Means Committee Democrat Rep. Sandy Levin.  Countries do not want to give away their jurisdiction away to some arbitrary panel,  he added.At issue is the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty and a provision called  Investor-State Dispute Settlement,  or ISDS, that would let foreign firms challenge U.S. laws, potentially overruling those laws and resulting in fines to be paid by taxpayers. The provisions are becoming common in some trade deals between other nations.Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has warned that it would undermine U.S. sovereignty.Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions has also raised a concern about another phase in the legislation,  living agreement.  He and other experts say that phrase means that the treaty can be changed after Congress approves it.The Asia trade deal would be up first if Congress OK s the pending Trade Promotion Authority, which fast-tracks trade agreements. Levin said it is in trouble over concerns about the secret TPP.Is anyone else feeling exhausted by watching Josh  the liar  Earnest explain the corrupt Obama administration?At a media breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, Levin appeared with Jeffrey Sachs, prominent international economist at Columbia University, who panned the provision as a bid by foreign companies to make an  end run  around tough U.S. laws and regulations. Essentially, ISDS allows companies to sue states in a special ad hoc tribunal that is outside the court systems and outside of the legal systems of the host countries,  he warned.  U.S. law, U.S. court findings, could be set aside by this ad hoc process really designed and pushed by the corporate sector which sees this as an end run around national law,  he added.Levin also joined in Sessions  demand that the Asia trade pact be opened to the public. Currently, it is being kept in secret and only those cleared to see it are allowed to. Levin said, for example, that he was barred from discussing some TPP provision with Sachs.The White House has dismissed the secrecy claims, but Sachs said,  It is secret. I haven t seen it. I can t see it. Levin also said that the treaty would include communist Vietnam which has far different worker rights laws than the U.S. He recalled recently meeting with a Vietnamese woman who was thrown in jail for trying to form a union.  There has to be changes,  he demanded.Via: Washington Examiner",0
21762,REFUGEE BUSINESS IS CASH COW FOR LUTHERAN CHARITY IN MI AND OTHER STATES,"How very  charitable  of the Lutheran and Catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to America, dump them off, and expect the American taxpayer to fund their existence Michigan Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence cheers the news that more money is coming to her district for illegal aliens magically transformed into refugees.What she won t understand until it is too late, is that the arrival of thousands of refugees in Michigan will squeeze Americans, especially the African Americans, at the bottom rung of the pay scale. Michigan is in the top five states receiving refugees and yet they are adding alien children into the mix.But, what the heck, even as states increase poverty, these  church  groups have to make a living!From the Detroit Free Press:WASHINGTON   The Obama administration has awarded a Michigan social services group $2.2 million to house unaccompanied immigrant children, U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence announced today. US Rep Brenda Lawrence is happy that the Lutherans are flooding Michigan with refugees and alien children. It was not immediately known how many children would receive or had received residential services under the grant to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan or whether any other groups were receiving grants in the state as well.No surprise! No one will return calls!Calls and emails to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan and the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, from the Free Press seeking more information were not immediately returned.According to data on the ORR s website, only 235 unaccompanied immigrant children had been placed in Michigan in the last two years, far less than the number placed in neighboring states including Ohio. [I wonder if the new grant is in anticipation of Michigan getting more of the UACs ed]Some 63,000 undocumented children have been placed throughout the U.S. in the last two years, the ORR s website said.In announcing the grant, Lawrence, D-Southfield, said the grant assists unaccompanied minors who  seek relief from the violence and poverty that threatens their very existence in their home countries. They can hardly be described as being faith-based while living off of taxpayer boodle! Doesn t sound like Christian charity to me! Lutheran Social Services truly lives up to their faith-based mission statement to serve the people most in need of help and I am proud to see them receive this substantial federal grant,  she said, adding that she believes it also time for Congress to address comprehensive immigration reform.Lutheran Social Services of Michigan is the largest refugee resettlement agency in the state, Lawrence said, providing thousands of families from dozens of countries.So, it is the Lutherans resettling most of the Muslim refugees to Michigan?Other of the nine major contractors are also busy overloading Michigan, go here to see the handy list of subcontractors/contractors working in Michigan and your state too!For new readers, for years we have covered the  unaccompanied minors  (one of the government s original names for the youths illegally crossing the border). Click here for all of our previous posts.The US Conference of Catholic Bishops and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service were the two  big dogs  doing the  resettlement  of the children (Obama s new refugees) until two other federal contractors eclipsed them. Grant recipients Baptist Child and Family Services and Southwest Key Programs are now on the scene devouring federal cash as well.",0
21763,"DESPERATE TO STOP THE FLOW OF MUSLIM REFUGEES INTO SWEDEN, Swedish Citizens Devise A Controversial Scheme","The liberals find this plan to be disgusting until their neighborhoods become the next victim of violent muslim immigrant gangs of course Anti-immigration campaigners in Gullberg in southern Sweden are plotting to build a pig farm next to an asylum centre in a last-ditch effort to deter would-be Muslim immigrants, who might find the animals offensive.More illegal immigrants on the run in Sweden (03 May 15) Swedish Syrian warms hearts over phone return (08 Apr 15)  It was a long journey and some of my friends died  (30 Mar 15)Plans for a new immigration centre in Gullberg have already been strongly opposed by local residents and on Wednesday it was reported that a group of campaigners had sent a letter to the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) pledging to breed pigs nearby in order to deter Muslims from seeking asylum in the town.The note, signed by what described itself as the  interest group for Gullberg s survival  said that it was trying to create a  probably impossible situation for some religious people, especially Muslims , according to Sveriges Radio.Local politician Henry Sandahl from Sweden s Countryside Party (Markbygdspartiet) told the broadcaster that he agreed with the sentiment of the letter. You know that Muslims are not friends with pigs,  he said.But Swedish religious experts have been quick to criticize the campaigners. This is nonsense and shows just how very little they know about Islam,  said  ke Sander, Professor of Psychology at the University of Gothenburg. It is one thing when Muslims try to stay away from pork, alcohol or gambling but there is nothing [in the Koran] that says you cannot be near pigs. This is a last-ditch effort when they [the campaigners] have no arguments left,  he told the TT news agency.Others turned to social media to voice their disgust at the campaign.Carl G ransson, a lawyer and former Moderate party politician suggested on Twitter that building  a gigantic rubbish dump  next to the asylum centre instead, designed to blow smelly winds in the direction of the angry residents. Monstrous  and a  total fail , wrote Johan Arenius, a political press secretary for the Christian Democrat party based in  rebro in central Sweden.Sweden became the first European country in 2013 to grant automatic residency to Syrian refugees and has since seen asylum requests rise to record levels, which are still expected to reach about 90,000 in 2015.To cope with an increasing flow of refugees, the Swedish Migration Board announced in March that it was more than tripling the maximum number of residents allowed at asylum centres from 200 to 650.Via: The Local seh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
21764,(AUDIO)NATION OF ISLAM LEADER FARRAKHAN: “WE WILL KILL YOU ALL” IF YOU GO AGAINST US,"After a recent speech given by Minister Louis Farrakhan, he took questions from the audience. One woman goes to the mic and asks Farrakhan about leadership and what she needs to do to be a good leader.Farrakhan gives her an answer about leadership and then goes into a angry diatribe about those who would come against them We will kill you all Listen to the audio: As is. Unedited.And then there s this:  we ll tear this G D  country apart Remember when the mayor of Baltimore thanked the people who helped after the riots she thanked the Nation of Islam. Yep, these angry people who want to tear us up WTH???",0
21765,HAS FACE BOOK SIDED WITH MUSLIM JIHADISTS AGAINST FREE SPEECH? Muhammed Cartoon Contest Winner Is Removed From Social Media Site,"Bosch Faustian, a former muslim and winner of the  Draw Muhammed  contest hosted by Pamela Gellar claims he has been removed from Facebook:I have been removed from Facebook.  Bosch Fawstin (@BoschFawstin) May 7, 2015We currently in a dark place in America. The parameters of free speech are now being determined by those on the left, and we are allowing them to do so. Here is the winning cartoon drawn by Bosch Fawstin:",0
21766,LYING WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: “OBAMA HAS SCRATCHED AND CLAWED FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS”,"It s interesting that Josh Earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class Americans know is a lie. He is, after all,  the chief propagandist for Obama so lying is what he does professionally. The truth is, Obama s presidency has been horrific for the middle class but great for the uber wealthy. Once again, they re counting on the American people to buy the line of bs and propaganda instead of looking at facts One moment of unintended   and unnoticed   levity occurred near the end of the White House briefing Tuesday, when White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest claimed that President Obama has been  a president of the United States that for the last six and a half years has scratched and clawed to protect the interests of middle-class families all across the country. Not sure about who or what he has scratched and clawed. Because the markings are difficult to discern.The White House is careful to dress up its policies as  middle class economics.  Because the middle class is where the votes are. But the Obama presidency is not about the middle class.You can agree or disagree with Obama s methods and policies. But his chief enthusiasm has been helping the lower classes by expanding the welfare state and regulating businesses. The middle class stuff is camouflage for the real agenda.The proof is in the pudding. Here s the pudding.According to Reuters:Barack Obama enters the final two years of his presidency with a blemish on his legacy that looks impossible to erase: the decline of the middle class he has promised to rescue.Federal Reserve survey data show families in the middle fifth of the income scale now earn less and their net worth is lower than when Obama took office. In the six years through 2013, over the recession and recovery that have spanned Obama s tenure, jobs have been added at the top and bottom of the wage scale, a Reuters analysis of labor statistics shows. In the middle, the economy has shed positions   whether in traditional trades like machining or electrical work, white-collar jobs in human resources, or technical ones like computer operators.Between 2010 and 2013, as recovery took hold and stock markets soared, the average net worth of families in the top 40 percent of income earners grew. For all others average net worth shrank, declining 19 percent for the middle fifth.These results stem from specific policies. Obama s chief domestic initiative, Obamacare, is not a middle class program. It s an effort to get health insurance to the lower class, including a massive expansion of Medicaid. Expanding health insurance is a good goal, but the way he has done it involves turning insurers effectively into wards of the state and raising the price and lowering the quality of healthcare for everyone else.Among his other battle cries are raising the minimum wage and legalizing illegal immigrants. He pushed and signed legislation containing massive new regulations on the banks, wants to regulate carbon emissions by fiat, and has enlarged the government s share of the economy while running up trillions in debt.Meantime the WEALTHY have benefited during Obama s tenure for the zero-interest rate Fed policies needed to keep the economy afloat in the absence of any serious presidential leadership on expanding the economy. The low rates have grandly goosed everyone s stock portfolios and made the rich richer.These things he scratches and claws for. Not private sector expansion and business-friendly policies that would promote middle class expansion.And the results speak for themselves.Via: White House Dossier",0
21767,BREAKING: FEDERAL COURT RULES ON NSA’S WARRANTLESS COLLECTION OF DATA…,"Another positive step towards restoring our freedoms A federal court has decided that the National Security Agency s (NSA) bulk, warrantless collection of millions of Americans  phone records is illegal.The decision from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday represents the second major court victory for opponents of the NSA, after a lower court decision called the program nearly unconstitutional six months ago.The phone records program  exceeds the scope of what Congress has authorized,  Judge Gerard Lynch wrote on behalf of the three-judge panel. The court did not examine the constitutionality of the surveillance program.Via: The Hill",0
21768,BREAKING: Michael Brown Friend Who Started #HandsUpDontShoot Lie Arrested,"What comes around, goes around. It was only a matter of time Dorian Johnson lied repeatedly that Michael Brown had his hands up and was shot in the back by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson.No charges listed on casenet yet.The Ferguson mob alleged it was a setup since Johnson filed charges against the Ferguson yesterday. In reality, his arrest on drug charges should surprise no one. He had pot references in his social media.The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported:Dorian Johnson, the man who was with Michael Brown Jr. when Brown was fatally shot by a Ferguson police officer last summer, has been arrested on suspicion of drug charges and resisting arrest, St. Louis police said.Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and police are pursuing charges. The specifics of where and when he was arrested have not yet been released.Johnson was walking with Michael Brown Jr. on Aug. 9 when the two were approached by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson. The encounter ended with Brown fatally shot and led to months of protests and unrest in Ferguson.Johnson recently filed a lawsuit against the city, Wilson and former police chief Thomas Jackson.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21769,WAR ON CHRISTMAS: FEDS TO REGULATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS,"Bah, Humbug!  Manufacturers and retailers can face civil and  possibly criminal penalties  for failing to report any products to the CPSC that do not meet the regulation s requirements. The best time to wage the War on Christmas isn t in December, when regular Americans have their defenses up. A better time is now, and the best way to do it is through faceless, unaccountable federal bureaucracies   for our own safety, of course:The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) issued a regulation for Christmas lights on Monday, deeming some holiday decorations a  substantial product hazard. The Consumer Product Safety Commission   is issuing a final rule to specify that seasonal and decorative lighting products that do not contain any one of three readily observable characteristics (minimum wire size, sufficient strain relief, or overcurrent protection), as addressed in a voluntary standard, are deemed a substantial product hazard under the Consumer Product Safety Act ( CPSA ),  the final rule said.The ruling applies to a variety of Christmas decorations, including  stars, wreathes, candles without shades, light sculptures, blow-molded (plastic) figures, and animated figures. However,  solar-powered products  are exempt.They will probably also make exceptions for lights powered by windmills, and any holiday lights put up to honor Martin Luther King Day.This is typical:The rule is listed as a  voluntary standard.  However, manufacturers and retailers can face civil and  possibly criminal penalties  for failing to report any products to the CPSC that do not meet the regulation s requirements.Ours is the ultimate soft tyranny. When we get to the point where people are sent to gulags because their neighbors turned them in for celebrating Christmas, no doubt it will be voluntary, like paying taxes.Via: moonbattery",0
21770,IS JADE HELM 15 REALLY ABOUT MARTIAL LAW? Texas Ranger Relays What He Saw Inside Military Trains,"Chuck Norris wrote about Jade Helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website WND last weekend, pointing to the decision of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to have the Texas State Guard monitor the Pentagon s Jade Helm 15 military ops as evidence that the operations as a potential threat to the state s sovereignty.  Governor Abbott wrote:  During the training operation, it is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed.  And Abbott is demanding  regular updates on the progress and safety of the Operation. Norris fanned the conspiracy flames by writing:  Concerned Texans and Americans are in no way calling into question our brave and courageous men and women in uniform. They are merely following orders. What s under question are those who are pulling the strings at the top of Jade Helm 15 back in Washington. The US government says,  It s just a training exercise.  But I m not sure the term  just  has any reference to reality when the government uses it. A covert training operation by U.S. military special operations personnel, Jade Helm 15, is taking place in a several states this summer, spreading panic and conspiracy theories as to the true purpose of the mission.The two-month simulation spans much of the Southwest, requiring special forces from four branches of the military to carry out covert operations amid  hostile  territory in Texas, Utah and part of California.In at least one of those states, hostility toward the operation has begun a few months early. Online and at in-person meetings, many Texans have expressed suspicion and outright opposition to the project. Some are understandably worried about how it ll affect their daily lives, while conspiracy theorists claim it s an attempt to institute martial law.The military says that they are merely preforming training exercises to help hone soldiers  skills in the event they face a foreign threat, but some citizens are worried that planners have something more domestic in mind.Events for the exercise are outlined in a map among unclassified documents posted online last month. Army sources have verified to The Washington Post that the map is legitimate.Many have speculated that the American government isn t far from declaring martial law, an idea only bolstered by these training exercises.In an anonymous email sent to Dave Hodges at The Common Sense Show, a self-described Texas Ranger said that train cars outfitted with prison-type shackles have been moving about Texas. While he added that the Department of Homeland Security claimed the train cars were for transporting captured terrorists, he was apparently reluctant to believe them. He wrote: We have been told by Homeland that these trains are slated for transporting captured terrorists, non-domestic. We are not sure we can trust this explanation because Homeland is keeping a lot from us and we are growing increasingly uncomfortable with their presence in Texas.  The paranoia about Jade Helm, which started on websites like Alex Jones s InfoWars, had started with familiar fulmination about a mass seizure of firearms or a cover-up for American  death squads. This week, Texas Governor Greg Abbott asked the Texas state guard to monitor the exercise for any violations of freedom.  It is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed,  said the governor.Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said Saturday that he d been hearing concerns about Jade Helm 15, and reached out to the Pentagon for answers. My office has reached out to the Pentagon to inquire about this exercise. We are assured it is a military training exercise. I have no reason to doubt those assurances, but I understand the reason for concern and uncertainty, because when the federal government has not demonstrated itself to be trustworthy in this administration, the natural consequence is that many citizens don t trust what it is saying.  The Texas Senator, speaking at the South Carolina Republican Convention went on to say: I understand a lot of the concerns raised by a lot of citizens about Jade Helm. And I think part of the reason is we have seen, for six years, a federal government disrespecting the liberty of the citizens. That produces fear, when you see a government that is attacking our free speech rights, or Second Amendment rights, or religious liberty rights. That produces distrust.   Just because you re paranoid,  said Cruz,  doesn t mean they re not out to get you. Via: TPNN",0
21771,"THE ROBBING OF INNOCENCE: 12 Yr Old Students Given CDC Survey About Transgender, Gay And Oral Sex","The left believes these are all perfectly acceptable topics to discuss with our young children. Whatever you do, just don t mention God!A public hearing is taking place Wednesday morning in the Massachusetts State House to look into a controversial sex survey given to middle school and high school students.Developed by the Centers for Disease Control and called the  Youth Risk Behavior Survey,  the survey asks students as young as 12 a series of very personal and highly ideological questions.The survey asks students if they are homosexual and if they are transgender. It also asks if they have had oral or anal sex and if they have performed such acts with up to six people.Whether or not they have carried a gun, smoked cigarettes, consumed alcohol and how much also appear on the questionnaire, as well as whether they have taken drugs, such as OxyContin, Percocet, and Vicodin. It asks how often their guardian uses a seat belt, if the youngster has a sexually transmitted disease, and where they sleep.The group MassResistance says the survey is  psychologically distorting  and will lead the child to think he is  abnormal if he is not doing it all.  The group stated that  having children reveal personal issues about themselves and their family can have emotional consequences.  They also complain that  the survey results are used by radical groups from Planned Parenthood to LGBT groups to persuade politicians to give more taxpayer money [to] these groups. Though students fill out the survey anonymously, MassResistance warns that  they are administered by the teacher in the classroom and there is often pressure for all kids to participate. The test is given nationally and not without controversy. The Chicago Tribune reported two years ago that a Chicago teacher was reprimanded for telling students they had a  constitutional right  not to fill out the survey.Via: Breitbart News",0
21772,[VIDEO] BALTIMORE MAYOR TO POLICE: “Let them loot…it’s only property” Police Demoralized After Being Unable To Respond To 9-11 Calls From Terrorized Business Owners,"The radical Baltimore mayor who ordered the Baltimore Police Department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the Baltimore Police Department. What about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? Are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?Baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after April s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. Many cops feel  demoralized, hung out to dry and abandoned,  Fox News  Leland Vittert reported on  Hannity  Monday. There s a sentiment here of  why bother showing up?  Vittert added. Vittert was on the scene at what used to be  ground zero  for the rioting and said he had not seen a single police car during the time he was there. The area is known for drug dealings and gang activity, according to Vittert. Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said more than 200 businesses were destroyed in the riots, Fox reported.  So this was your life savings you put into this?  Vittert asked a business owner whose property was destroyed. Exactly, exactly,  the business owner said. He added that his life s work was demolished in 30 minutes by looters and vandals resulting in more than $30,000 worth of damage. Vitter talked to a pharmacy owner who said 99 percent of his store s shelves were ransacked and fears the prescription drugs are now out on the streets.  There were dozens of businesses that were looted, and what was stunning to the business owners themselves is as the looting was going on, they were calling 911,  Vittert said. And, as we have reported, the police did nothing because they had an order from the mayor to  let them loot. It s only property.  Business owners are now faced with the difficult decision of whether to rebuild as they worry they will not be protected from future crime and violence.Via: BizPacReview",0
21773,HOW A SINGLE FEDERAL BUREAUCRAT OPENED THE DOOR TO LET FOREIGNERS VOTE,"Meet Alice Miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of America by letting non-citizens vote. I guess voter integrity only applies to some .The Supreme Court has been asked to allow Kansas and Arizona to verify that only United States citizens are registering to vote in those states. Unfortunately, a single federal bureaucrat refused to allow the two states to weed out non-citizens trying to register to vote.Meet Alice Miller, the acting executive director of the Election Assistance Commission. Miller alone, from her inside-the-Beltway office, refused to amend the Kansas and Arizona version of a federal voter registration form to include state laws requiring proof of citizenship. Backed by a swarm of left-wing groups, Miller, by herself, made it easier for foreigners to vote in Kansas and Arizona.You might wonder how a single federal bureaucrat could have so much power over how elections are run in Kansas and Arizona. Federal law, commonly known as Motor Voter, requires states to accept a form drawn up by the Election Assistance Commission to register voters in their state. But states can ask the Election Assistance Commission (EAC) to revise the version for their state to include state qualification laws. In Kansas and Arizona, registrants must establish that they are citizens to be qualified to register. When Kansas and Arizona asked the EAC to print new forms with those state law requirements, Miller refused.Kansas and Arizona sued, and a federal court ordered the EAC to reprint the forms. However, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and held that Miller had the power to deny Kansas and Arizona new forms.The Supreme Court has been asked to take the case, a case which implicates both the integrity of American elections as well as the reach of federal bureaucrats.Normally, the commissioners at the EAC decide what versions of a form the states can use, but the EAC lacked a quorum. Into this vacuum swept Miller.The Public Interest Legal Foundation has filed an amicus brief for the American Civil Rights Union with the Supreme Court. The brief asks the Court to take the case and to restore the constitutional balance which Miller has disrupted.Read more: pj media",0
21774,WHITE BASEBALL PLAYER LOSES SCHOLARSHIP AFTER USING THE “N” WORD BUT NOT SO FOR BLACK BASKETBALL PLAYER,"So words deemed offensive are only offensive if you re white? Isn t that racist? Shouldn t the same punishment be given to people no matter the color of their skin? We d love to know your thoughts on this.A high school baseball player lost his scholarship to Cal State for being overheard using the term  nigger. Meanwhile, a college basketball player kept his scholarship after being overheard using the word on live television.One was white, one was black.The leftist explanation that it s acceptable for blacks to call each other socially unacceptable epithets makes little sense. It makes about as much sense as the #BlackLivesMatter meme being created only after a handful of black deaths at the hands of white people, meanwhile thousands of black on black deaths garnered no similar sloganeering.White progressives declaring it okay for blacks to use epithets on each other is most likely their way of having the epithet used for them by proxy. It keeps blacks psychologically under-classed, but their hands are ostensibly clean. Read more: iotw",0
21775,MEGYN KELLY SETS A CONFUSED LIBERAL STRAIGHT ON FREE SPEECH, ,0
21776,RADICAL LEFTIST WHO DISMISSED CHARGES AGAINST MUSLIM TERRORIST SHOOTER IS POTENTIAL SUPREME COURT NOMINEE,"We re not sure which of Judge Mary Murguia s qualifications for becoming a U.S. Supreme Court Justice would be more attractive to Obama. Could it be the fact that she, like Barack Obama can claim she is responsible for dismissing charges against a terrorist?  Perhaps her it s her sister s connection as a leader of La Raza, a government funded, radical activist group fighting to defend amnesty in America. Knowing Barry, it s likely both.The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judge who previously dismissed terror charges against one of the Garland, Texas shooters has a connection to the controversial activist group, National Council of La Raza.Judge Mary Murguia, appointed by President Clinton and considered a potential nominee to the Supreme Court by President Obama, was the judge who dismissed government charges against Elton Simpson for suspected terrorism in 2011. On Sunday, Simpson attacked a free speech event in Garland, Texas depicting the Prophet Muhammad in cartoons.Daniel Greenfield cites evidence from the 2011 case:The FBI knew that Elton Simpson, one of the Garland Jihadists, was a threat and had attempted to lock him up after amassing evidence that he intended to go to Somalia as a terrorist. They had him on tape stating  that Allah loves an individual who is  out there fighting [non-Muslims]  and  If you get shot, or you get killed, it s [heaven] straight away.  Mr. Simpson then said  [Heaven] that s what we here for so why not take that route? Judge Murguia held then that the government was unable to prove Simpson mentioned violent jihad in his reasoning for traveling to Somalia.  That phrase is one made up by the Government, likely because it is aware that jihad in the Muslim religion does not necessarily imply violence,  she said, noted Greenfield.However, the LA Times previously noted that Judge Murguria s twin sister Janet Murguia leads a controversial group known as National Council of La Raza, which has been criticized as a racist hate group. It is the nation s largest Latino civil rights activist organization. La Raza is closely linked to the Obama Administration s amnesty efforts.Human Events, a conservative blog, previously reported that the mainstream media views La Raza  no more than a Hispanic Rotary Club.  But La Raza collected roughly $15.2 million in federal grants in 2005. Human Events also reported that undisclosed amounts of that money were used in  get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. La Raza has been added to congressional hearings and  an anonymous senator even gave the Council of La Raza an extra $4 million in earmarked taxpayer money, supposedly for  housing reform,  according to Human Events. Moreover, Judge Murguria s brother, Carlos Murguria, helped coordinate the Immigration Amnesty Program prior to Clinton nominating him also for a judgeship, according to Front Page Magazine.Via: Bretibart News",0
21777,(VIDEO) OBAMA ON LETTERMAN: “WE IGNORE POCKETS OF POVERTY” BUT OBAMA’S STIMULUS GAVE $1.8 BILLION TO BALTIMORE,"The stats don t lie on this one Obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches Letterman and will buy this bs. The stimulus under Obama gave BILLIONS for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? As a taxpaying American I am 100% FED Up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. We DO NOT ignore pockets of poverty but I would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. It s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. We ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. The latest case was ironically in Baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. Downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. No consequences breeds chaos President Obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty, lack of opportunity, lack of education  on Monday s  Late Show  on CBS.Obama said,  it s important that now that charges have been brought in Baltimore, that we let due process play itself out. Those officers who have been charged, they deserve, to be represented, and to let the legal system work its way through. We don t have all the facts yet, and that that s going to be presented in a court of law. I think it s also really important to remember that the overwhelming number of police officers are doing an outstanding job, we re in New York, today,   we re in New York today, where a young officer lost his life doing his job, and families of officers all across the country every day, they re wondering  is my loved one going to come home?  And so they ve got a really tough job. He continued,  what we also know, though, is that for far too long, for decades, you have a situation in which too many communities don t have a relationship of trust with the police, and if you just have a handful of police who are not doing the right thing, that makes the job tougher for all the other police officers out there. It creates an environment in the community where they feel as if, rather than being protected and served, they re the targets of arbitrary arrests or stops, and so our job has to be to rebuild trust, and we put forward a task force made up of police officers, but also young activists who have been protesting in Ferguson, or here in New York. They came up with some terrific recommendations about collecting data on what happens when there s a shooting involving police, what are we doing in terms of things like body cameras, and so there s some very practical, concrete things we can do to make the system work better. Read more: Breitbart",0
21778,MOOCH SAYS BLACK KIDS AREN’T AS WELCOME IN MUSEUMS AS WHITE KIDS,"Our First Lady has taken time out from her self-appointed role as America s Food Nazi to fulfill her new role as  First Propagandist  in Obama s coordinated Race War on America First lady Michelle Obama used a speech Monday that was supposed to be celebrating the opening of a new museum to instead dig deeper the racial divide that s been growing ever wider during her husband s presidency.  Museums and concert halls,  she said, just don t welcome non-white visitors   especially children   the way they welcome whites. Speaking at the new Whitney museum in New York City s meat packing district last week, Obama said she grew up thinking that museums were not places  for someone who looks like me.   You see, there are so many kids in this country who look at places like museums and concert halls and other cultural centers and they think to themselves, well, that s not a place for me, for someone who looks like me, for someone who comes from my neighborhood. In fact, I guarantee you that right now, there are kids living less than a mile from here who would never in a million years dream that they would be welcome in this museum.  And growing up on the South Side of Chicago, I was one of those kids myself. So I know that feeling of not belonging in a place like this. And today, as first lady, I know how that feeling limits the horizons of far too many of our young people. According to Twitchy, Obama s remarks went largely unnoticed outside of the event, until a local radio host reported on  Museums as White Spaces. The first lady likely won t be answering that question any time soon. The tone of her speech was eerily similar to her husband s remarks during the launch of My Brother s Keeper Alliance in New York City on Monday. In the wake of racial tension and turmoil that has prompted riots throughout the country, President Obama unleashed some of his most overt commentary on race yet, as documented by Twitchy. Via: BizPacReview",0
21779,Je Suis HYPOCRITES: FREE SPEECH IS EMBRACED WHEN INNOCENT PEOPLE ARE MURDERED IN FRANCE…Free Speech Is Condemned (BY EVERY MEDIA OUTLET INCLUDING FOX NEWS) When Muslim Terrorists Are Killed In America [VIDEO],"Sooo when terrorists attack Je Suis Charlie, a French newspaper (who makes a living mocking religion) and kills innocent people working for the publication, the world stands tall in support of free speech. When an American hosts a  Draw Muhammed  contest in Texas and two terrorists (who were plotting to kill innocent Americans) are killed just before their plot to kill innocent Americans exercising their free speech rights, the organizer and attendants are criticized for inciting and even inviting violence. Can someone explain how this is not hypocrisy?In truth perhaps I was not  Charlie . After all, I wasn t a religion-attacking atheist. Truth to tell, in the story of Charlie Hebdo, many left out that the cartoon magazine was something that we might call a  liberal rag . It was often offensive and frequently unfunny with attacks on religion, and it didn t limit its criticism to Islam, actually attacking Christianity more. Some even believed it anti-Semitic. Deliberately, purposely provocative.And yet, even though I was none of those things, I was  Charlie . Not because I agreed with any of it. But precisely because I didn t. Because even the provocative offensive speech by assholes, to paraphrase Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, is protected. Especially the provocative speech, the minority speech, that which offends, that which many may not like. Because the government doesn t have the right to shut down offensive speech for being offensive and neither do terrorists with AK-47s. You do not have the right to kill over a cartoon.Much of the world seemed to agree, leaders linking arms in Paris, being Charlie. Media in the U.S was also generally sympathetic, many pieces running  Je Suis Charlie  in headers.Yet here we are today, a few months later. A similar situation, where Americans exercise their First Amendment right to draw  offensive  cartoons of Muhammad. Yet where are the crowds of media saying  Je Suis Garland ? Where are the crowds of media condemning the attack on free speech? Where are the crowds of media, highlighting even just the fact that this was immediately apparent ISIS-endorsed attack on the United States?WATCH FOX NEWS  MARTHA MacCallum ATTACK EVENT ORGANIZER PAMELA GELLAR FOR ORGANIZING AN EVENT THAT MAY HAVE BEEN CONTROVERSIAL:https://youtu.be/mnMRFSg8i2sInstead, what we have is some, like NY Times reporter Rukmini Callamachi and even McClatchy News, in scary fashion, asking when is  provocative speech   too much  and attacking the people who held the event in Garland, more than calling out the terrorists.McClatchy even discusses whether  charges  should be brought against the organizers of the Garland event.So why the difference here for media? Because the group was one they didn t like in a state for which they didn t care with a better result than Paris because of, well, guns?And where has the Federal government s response been to an ISIS-claimed attack on American soil? President Obama hasn t even mentioned it. The press secretary made a fairly perfunctory comment about  violence  not being the proper response to expression even if offensive. One might have thought he was speaking of a video, rather than an Islamist terror attack on the United States. Again, no mention of ISIS, Islamists or terrorism. Meanwhile the President has managed to go on Letterman, to golf and to attend Democratic fundraisers.In the words of Mr. Goldberg, who gets to define what is provocative?I don t know if I would agree with everything Mr. Goldberg writes, but I would defend his right to say it, even if he were provocative. Vox calls the Garland event  hate speech . I think much of what Vox says is hate speech. Who gets to decide? I have multiple options to object to the content by protest and by pen, that is the benefit of being an American. As Mr. Goldberg notes, Iran has a Holocaust cartoon contest every year, basically catering to Holocaust deniers. Are they attacked? No, they are laughed at, they are belittled.Either we are all in or we are not. Either we believe in what we say we do, or we do not. But if we do not, if we allow  offense  or political difference to limit that protected speech, if we start to suggest as some of these writers do, what speech should or should not be  allowed , we move down the slippery slope to the rule of the mob, to the rule of the despot. In an ever-growing media state, where already, even the slightest offense is often seized on and may result in the prevailing view hounding a person from his/her job for differing, this is a frightening thought.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
21780,OUTRAGEOUS VIDEO! OBAMA KEEPS STIRRING THE FLAMES OF DIVISION AND HATE, ,0
21781,(VIDEO) MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT SCORCHES AMERICAN FLAG STOMPERS," Medal of Honor recipient @Dakota_Meyer asking you to stand up against those who disrespect the flag #NeverOutgunned https://t.co/n8Fb9SjwAn  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) May 5, 2015  ",0
21782,"TAKE A NUMBER, YOU’RE GONNA BE HERE A WHILE…Remember When Barack Promised Number Of Emergency Room Visits Would Decrease With Obamacare?","Add another lie to an exhaustive list of Obama lies Emergency-room visits continue to rise in the second year of Obamacare, the Wall Street Journal reports.The visits are up despite claims by President Obama that the law would reduce emergency-room visits because Obamacare would increase access to other kinds of care. There was a grand theory the law would reduce ER visits,  Dr. Howard Mell, a spokesman for the American College of Emergency Physicians, told the Journal.  Well, guess what, it hasn t happened. Visits are going up despite the ACA, and in a lot of cases because of it. Emergency-room visits continued to climb in the second year of the Affordable Care Act, contradicting the law s supporters who had predicted a decline in traffic as more people gained access to doctors and other health-care providers.A survey of 2,098 emergency-room doctors conducted in March showed about three-quarters said visits had risen since January 2014. That was a significant uptick from a year earlier, when less than half of doctors surveyed reported an increase. The survey by the American College of Emergency Physicians is scheduled to be published Monday.Medicaid recipients newly insured under the health law are struggling to get appointments or find doctors who will accept their coverage, and consequently wind up in the ER, ACEP said. Volume might also be increasing due to hospital and emergency-department closures a long-standing trend.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
21783,CONTROVERSY OVER CHRISTIAN FLAG ENGULFS SMALL TOWN,"Local residents supported the flag but national groups said they had received complaints about the flag. So this one is a good case of separation of church and state debate away!A month after a North Georgia county caught hell for raising the Confederate battle flag over its courthouse, another flag controversy has engulfed a small Middle Georgia town.Only this time, it has nothing to do with the Civil War.A traditional Christian flag flying over Cochran will come down Friday, after city officials bowed last week to threats of legal action and concerns over its impact on the city s  fiscal resources. The controversy began early last month, when the Cochran City Council voted against the advice of its attorney to fly the flag at city hall to help promote a local Bible-reading marathon sponsored by the International Bible Reading Association.While city officials have said local residents supported the decision, national groups including the D.C.-based Americans United for Separation of Church and State said they have received several complaints over the matter. The group recently sent letters to both the city and Bleckley County   which has flown the flag in the past   declaring that flying the Christian flag on public property violates the First Amendment.The group in part cited a recent legal case in which a North Carolina city agreed to stop displaying the Christian flag, which includes a Latin cross, at a government-sponsored veterans memorial.In a statement on its website, the city said it has decided to take the flag down  after reviewing further input from the community, detailed written legal opinions from our city attorney and a second legal opinion from a constitutional lawyer.  In the future, the city said it would only fly the U.S. and state flags at city hall.Via: ajc",0
21784,LEFTIST ALAN COLMES THINKS WE SHOULD STOP “USING” THE NATIONAL ANTHEM AT SPORTING EVENTS,"Remember when the left would have been ashamed to say singing  The Star Spangled Banner  was considered a  false display of patriotism? Jamie Foxx is being heavily criticized for his performance of  The Star-Spangled Banner  at Saturday night s fight. How about stopping this false display of patriotism altogether? What does two people beating the bejesus out of each other have to do with  the rockets red glare  and  bombs bursting in air ?Here s racist Jamie Foxx s version of  The Star Spangled Banner In fact, what does this song have to do with today s America in the first place? The melody is based on an old English drinking song, has images of war, and is impossible to sing. And, contrary to what one might think based on exposure to it, the last two words are not  play ball! In the case of the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, the anthem and the whole event celebrated and rewarded an abuser of women. At least seven assaults against five women have resulted in citations, not to mention other times police were called but no charges were filed. We re glorifying a violent sport and using our national anthem to sanctify it.Let s once and for all confine this song to military exercises and classrooms. Better yet, let s choose a better national anthem, like  America the Beautiful  or  This Land Is Your Land.  Here s an even better idea: Since we re a nation of immigrants, how about  America  from West Side Story, which would also celebrate a great American composer, Leonard Bernstein? And let s hope Mr. Mayweather takes some of his millions and donates it to women s shelters.Via: Huffington Post",0
21785,BLACK REPUBLICAN AND BRILLIANT NEUROSURGEON ANNOUNCES RUN FOR PREZ: Huffington Post Places Story Next To Story About Dog Living In Tree Trunk, ,0
21786,(VIDEO) BALTIMORE MAYOR REOPENS LOOTED MALL: TELLS VENDORS THEY’RE MAKING A “GREAT INVESTMENT” BY STAYING, ,0
21787,(VIDEO) PAM GELLER HAMMERS CNN HOST: “Did Christians Burn Embassies When Jesus Christ Was Put in Jar of Urine?”, ,0
21788,PRO-ABORTION BOOK FOR CHILDREN: My “Sister Is a Happy Ghost!”,"Leftist indoctrination for toddlers How I wish this wasn t a true story A three-year-old named Lee defends the abortion of his sister in a new children s book   by an author with her own  ghost sister.   Sister Apple, Sister Pig  by Mary Walling Blackburn focuses on an adult topic: abortion. The story follows Lee as he (or  she,  as the author stressed) searches for his sister   who might be an apple, a pig, or somewhere in a tree. Lee later decides  Sister is a happy ghost!  and explicitly says he s glad Sister isn t around to inconvenience his parents.The free e-book is available on art publishing platform e-flux, The Blaze reported. The author, Walling Blackburn, is assistant professor of art at Southern Methodist University s Meadows School of the Arts and founder of The Anhoek School. Lee is Papa and Mama s only child for now, although there once was a sister,  the book began.  Where does Sister live now? At one point, Lee explained to his Papa,  Well, she used to live in Mama and doesn t anymore.  After Papa agreed, Lee reiterated,  She lived before me, but Mama couldn t keep her. Mama says she is a ghost. When Lee s Papa asked,  [D]oes that make you sad or scared?  Lee changed his tune.  I m not sad that my sister is a ghost! If you kept my sister, you would be tired, and sad, and mad!  When his father questioned why, Lee continued:Because we would be wild and loud and sometimes we would fight. Mama might be scared that she could not buy enough food for us. Mama might not have enough time to read to me, to paint with me, to play with me, to talk with me .Papa also noted  good reasons  Lee doesn t have a sister  right here right now.   Maybe you will have another sister when there is more time, and there is more money,  Papa said.But even during story time, Lee couldn t forget about his lost sibling. He whispered the  secret  to his uncle:  The secret is that she s she s a ghost!  Lee   and his Uncle   pretend she s still there.  The ghost girl can sit beside me,  his uncle offered.Later, Lee told his uncle,  Mama had an abortion before she had me,  but  reassures  him that  Sister is a happy ghost! Even the uncle s friend, Jess,  wonders where the ghost sister is.  Lee replied,  Ghost sister has her own things to do!  but that  [s]he returns when I call her if I need her. And he did, as the last page read,  Mama, Papa, Lee, (and sister) are about to head into the late afternoon  towards home. In the acknowledgements, Walling Blackburn thanked her own  ghost sister  and warned  Masochists, look elsewhere,  because,  between these pages you will not find the  luxury of grief,  culpability s sharp sting or salty guilt. Via: Newsbusters",0
21789,(VIDEO) ALAN DERSHOWITZ – SAD DAY FOR JUSTICE – BALTIMORE PROSECUTOR OVERCHARGED AND IDENTIFIED WITH PROTESTERS," You re At Forefront Of This Cause And As Young People, Our Time Is Now    PROSECUTER MALTBY",0
21790,CLINTON CHARITIES RAKED IN TAXPAYER DOLLARS IN THE MILLIONS,"This is like one big slush fund for Hillary 2016. The Clintons not only collected millions from foreign donors, they also rake in $7 million in taxpayer dollars. Really outrageous! The Clinton Foundation and its major health charity have raked in more than $7 million from the U.S. government in recent years, according to an analysis of public records conducted by the Washington Free Beacon.The Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI), chaired by Bill Clinton and run by the former president s long-time associate Ira Magaziner, has received $6,010,898 from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) since 2010. CHAI, the biggest arm of the Clinton family s charitable efforts, accounting for 60 percent of all spending, received $3,193,500 in fiscal years 2010, 2011, and 2012, according to federal contracts, during Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state. The organization received an additional $2,817,398 from the CDC in FYs 2013, 2014, and 2015.The grants, including $200,000 awarded as recently as January, have gone to CHAI s Global AIDS program, and are filed under  Global Health and Child Survival.  The CDC is listed as a $1 to $10 million contributor to CHAI, according to its donor list released earlier this month.The Boston-based health arm of the Clinton Foundation has come under scrutiny for failing to disclose donations from foreign governments in violation of a pledge Clinton made to the Obama administration before she assumed office as secretary of state.A Reuters report found that the health initiative stopped making its annual disclosure in 2010 and that  no complete list of donors to the Clintons  charities has been published  since. The group only recently published a partial donor list, which its spokesperson Maura Daley told Reuters  made up for  CHAI s  oversight  of failing to meet the disclosure agreement.When asked whether the CDC has any concern regarding its funding of CHAI or plans to provide grants to the organization in the future, an agency spokesperson told the Washington Free Beacon that it  can t predict who will apply for and be awarded grants. CDC and potential grantees must follow federal guidelines when applying for or awarding and monitoring grants,  said Shelly Diaz.  CHAI, like any other organization meeting federal requirements, may apply for CDC grants. They would also be expected to meet the same ongoing requirements for grantees (e.g. reports, audits, performance standards). CHAI received hundreds of millions from foreign nations between 2009 and 2014, including: the United Kingdom ($79.7 million), Australia ($58.6 million), Norway ($38.1 million), Canada ($12.1 million), Ireland ($11.7 million), Sweden ($7.2 million), and New Zealand ($1.2 million).The Boston Globe found that foreign donations  sharply accelerated  to CHAI when Hillary Clinton became secretary of state.Read more: WFB",0
21791,(VIDEO) SICKENING CHALLENGE GOES VIRAL: DISRESPECTING OUR AMERICAN FLAG BY STOMPING ON IT,"A sick new  challenge  is going viral, urging people to disrespect and stomp on the American flag https://t.co/iNhTTmxNz2  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) May 1, 2015A video challenge to show solidarity with a New Black Panther Party college student who s being sought by police asks watchers to stomp the American flag and post their pictures to the Internet.It s called the #EricSheppardChallenge, aimed at giving support to a Valdosta State University student who self-identifies as a  terrorist toward white people,  as WND previously reported. Sheppard, 22, first made national headlines when a female veteran tried to intervene in his flag burning on campus. The video of their exchange, and the veteran s subsequent altercation with police, went viral. Police later recovered a backpack belonging to Sheppard containing a gun and two clips, and kicked off a search for him.Sheppard, meanwhile, has disappeared, and his father has called for him to turn himself in to authorities. The college student is reportedly a member of the New Black Panther Party and calls himself a  terrorist toward liars and those who are weak,  as well as a  terrorist toward white people. Now, social media activists are taking to Facebook and Instagram to display photos and videos of themselves treating the flag with disrespect.In one particularly graphic video, a poster named Erica Walker opens with a  [Expletive] you flag  before placing it on the ground and dancing on it, Campus Reform reported.Read more: WND",0
21792,STATE’S ATTORNEY LIED: BALTIMORE POLICE HAD PROBABLE CAUSE DUE TO A WARRANT FOR GRAY’S ARREST,Marilyn Mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest Freddie Gray. That s a lie  Freddie Gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so Baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.,0
21793,BALTIMORE POLICE UNION WANTS AN INDEPENDANT PROSECUTOR: MOSBY HAS CONNECTIONS TO FREDDIE GRAY FAMILY,"The Police Union came out almost immediately after the Mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the Freddie Gray Case. They are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of Mr. Gray.Fraternal Order of Police lodge is asking Baltimore State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the Freddie Gray investigation because of her personal connection to the Gray family s attorney, William H.  Billy  Murphy Jr., and her marriage to a city councilman. Not one of the officers involved in this tragic situation left home in the morning with the anticipation that someone with whom they interacted would not go home that night,  the letter states.  As tragic as this situation is, none of the officers involved are responsible for the death of Mr. Gray. Ryan requests that Mosby appoint a  Special Independent Prosecutor. I have very deep concerns about the many conflicts of interest presented by your office conducting an investigation in this case,  the letter states. These conflicts include your personal and professional relations with Gray family attorney, William Murphy, and the lead prosecutor s connections with members of the local media,  the letter states.  Based on several nationally televised interviews, these reporters are likely to be witnesses in any potential litigation regarding this incident. Via: Baltimore Sun",0
21794,(VIDEO) MADNESS IN THE STREETS: OVER 100 COPS HURT IN BALTIMORE AS OBAMA’S PLAN FOR CHAOS SPREADS,"Bill O Reilly isn t my favorite and can be belligerently wrong sometimes but this rant is spot on:  The truth is   we don t know what happened to Mr. Gray. The same way we did not know what happened in Ferguson, MO,  O Reilly said, going on to make the point that it is irresponsible for people to make judgments about what happened before all the facts are known. The litany of excuse-making is excruciating. The rioters are angry because America s a country of mass incarceration. People who burn down buildings and loot are just misdirected folks who feel hopeless. And if you feel hopeless, it s okay to riot. You see   it s really not the fault of those who commit crimes. It s the fault of America because we don t provide jobs for everyone. Instead of pinpointing the real problem, and trying to solve it, you get crazy theories that attempt to provide justification for Americans hurting other Americans. If you can t make big money   go ahead and sell heroin. No problem!Here s the truth. How could anyone provide a job that pays adecent salary to someone who can t read or write? To someone who can t speak basic English? To someone who has tattoos all over their body   who s defiant, disrespectful   doesn t even want to work because they have a sense of entitlement that says they re victims and YOU owe me. Does that sound like a good job-seeking resume to you? And don t tell me those folks don t exist. They re legion.So these politicians   out on the street trying to justify rioting by saying that we don t provide jobs   are dishonest in the extreme. If you get educated and are willing to work hard   you can get a job. It may not be the best paying job at first, but you work your way up! OFFICERS HURT SINCE VIOLENCE BROKE OUT IN BALTIMORE:Nearly 100 officers have been hurt since violence broke out in the city on Monday, Baltimore Police said. Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said Thursday afternoon that more than 40 officers required some sort of treatment at the hospital. Protesters have been throwing bricks, bottles and other items at officers trying to contain demonstrations after the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered critical injuries while he was in police custody.  I m Just a Regular Guy From Baltimore : Amateur Photographer Shot Time s Poignant Protest Cover Kowalczyk also said that more than half of the people detained during Monday s riots have been released without charges. He said 201 people were arrested during the riots and 106 of them were subsequently released after 48 hours because specific charges couldn t be filed. He said police are reviewing surveillance footage and expect to charge many of those people once their identities have been confirmed.MARC THIESSEN:  You ve got a mayor who is constantly backing off in the face of rioters and looters [ ] all of the sudden they re  young people who need support.  The rioters don t need support. The people of Baltimore need support. The people with their businesses destroyed need support. A 51-year-old man was found dead in the cab of a tractor trailer, about a block away from where a crowd of police, protesters and reporters gathered just before the citywide curfew went into effect Thursday night, police said.The man was not identified, and police labeled his death  suspicious.  Officers found the body, which showed no obvious signs of trauma or foul play, in the 2500 block of Pennsylvania Ave. at about 9:30 p.m., police said.Meanwhile  Five people were shot in Baltimore Thursday night as the violence in west Baltimore surges.Police also identified two men who were fatally shot Wednesday in Baltimore: Andre Hunt, 28, of the 600 block of Woodgreen Circle was fatally shot in the 3800 block of Liberty Heights Ave.  Davon William Johnson, 26, was killed in the 500 block of Edgewood St. He lived in the block, police said.Don t expect any protests for these two. Only very few black lives seem to matter.Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
21795,CHANGING HIS TUNE: THE MAN WHO WAS IN THE POLICE VAN WITH FREDDIE GRAY BREAKS HIS SILENCE,"So now that this guy fears for his life he s backtracking on the story he told or is he?This is such a mess and so convoluted that I doubt we ll ever get answers. This entire thing really is a sideshow to the bigger agenda of the Obama administration. Federalizing the police force is next From the beginning, the investigation into what killed Freddie Gray has centered on what happened inside the police transport van. We knew there was another prisoner inside the van and tonight we hear from him. WJZ s Mike Schuh is the first to speak with Donta Allen about what he heard. I am Donta Allen. I am the one who was in the van with Freddie Gray,  Allen said. The one who the police commissioner calls the second prisoner in the van.  The second prisoner who was picked up said that he didn t see any harm done to Freddie at all,  Commissioner Anthony Batts said.  What he has said is that he heard Freddie thrashing about.  But Allen wants to set something straight.  All I did was go straight to the station, but I heard a little banging like he was banging his head,  he said. He tells WJZ he s angry about an internal police report published in The Washington Post.  And they trying to make it seem like I told them that, I made it like Freddie Gray did that to hisself (sic),  Allen said.  Why the [expletive] would he do that to hisself (sic)?  Allen was in the van because he allegedly stole a cigarette from a store on North Avenue. He was never charged. Instead he was brought straight to the station.  I talked to homicide. I told homicide the same story.  Allen said. A story he says is being distorted and now he fears being killed.  I had two options today right, either come and talk to y all and get my credibility straight with ya ll and not get killed by these [expletive] or not tell a true story,  Allen added.  The only reason I m doing this is because they put my name in a bad state.  His statements are included in a police report that was today turned over to the city state s attorney Marilyn Mosby. Via: Baltimore CBS Local",0
21796,GUESS WHERE THE BALTIMORE SCHOOL SYSTEM RANKS AMONG THE NATION’S 100 LARGEST SCHOOL DISTRICTS?,"Holy smokes! Could someone tell Obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the Baltimore school system. I think they need to point the finger somewhere else The Baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011, according to data released Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau.The city s $15,483 per-pupil expenditure was second to New York City s $19,770. Rounding out the top five were Montgomery County, which spent $15,421; Milwaukee public schools at $14,244; and Prince George s County public schools, which spent $13,775.The Census Bureau also noted the first decrease in per-pupil spending nationally since 1977, the year the figures were first tracked.The per-pupil expenditures were calculated based on taking the districts  current spending on day-to-day operations and deducting payments to charter schools and capital funding. The remaining money was divided by the number of students enrolled in traditional schools. The amounts were not adjusted for inflation.Baltimore schools CEO Andr s Alonso said the city s total could have reflected large infusions of cash to the district, including millions in federal stimulus dollars and federal Race to the Top funds.He also credited state lawmakers for maintaining funding. As many states pulled back on spending, with many districts losing funding, Maryland held the line on education, which is why you see three districts at or near the top,  he said.On Monday, the school board passed a $1.2 billion budget that includes per-pupil funding of $5,190. That amount is different from what the Census Bureau reported because the school system takes out other expenses, such as transportation costs and special-education services, before allocating money to individual schools. In addition, the school system provides extra funding for certain groups of students, such as those in special education and dropout-prevention programs.Via: Baltimore Sun",0
21797,(AUDIO) RACIST BLACK PANTHER LEADER: “We’re willing to kill to save a black nation.”,"What is it that they don t get? Does anyone even listen to these inciters of anger and hate? This is pitiful!WARNING: Profanity/Strong Racial LanguageThis Week on the New Black Panther Party s  Black Power Radio,  national chairman Hashim Nzinga said since America has  declared war on us,  evidenced by  military police in the black neighborhood  protecting the rich, the New Black Panthers should be looked upon as Founding Fathers who declare war and are  willing to die or kill to save our babies and to save a black nation that is dying before our eyes. Nzinga said,  America is about protecting the rich and the powerful. He added,  We pay taxes. They have declared war on us and it s nothing but state racism. So if we say we are at war, we should be applauded like George Washington,  Nzinga continued.  We should be applauded like Thomas Jefferson. We should be applauded like the Founding Fathers of the country. This is not the hate hour, this is the love hour, he added.  We have to love ourselves enough to be willing to die or kill to save our babies and to save a black nation that is dying before our eyes.  Via: Breitbart",0
21798,SHOCKING REPORT: MORE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS KILLED THAN YOUNG BLACK MEN BY WHITE COPS,"We all knew this but we also know that the reporting is very biased in favor of the Trayvon Martins or Freddie Grays of the world. The squeaky wheel gets the grease  The stat that s shocking is that there were 6,000 black on black crimes last year. Please pass this truth on to everyone you know.According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund 682 law enforcement officers were killed in the line of duty in the past five years in the United States. That averages out to over 136 dead law enforcement officers each year.Here are the numbers:2010   161 2911   171 2012   126 2013   107 2014   117Conversely, on average, there were 96 black males who are killed by white police officers each year   and another 300 white males who are killed by police officers according to FBI statistics. USA Today reported:Nearly two times a week in the United States, a white police officer killed a black person during a seven-year period ending in 2012, according to the most recent accounts of justifiable homicide reported to the FBI.On average, there were 96 such incidents among at least 400 police killings each year that were reported to the FBI by local police.Then there s this  There were 431 black killers of  whites  in 2014, compared to 193  white  killers of blacks while blacks make up only 13% of the national population. There were approximately 6,000 black on black murders last year.Remember this the next time the liberal media or some far left crank tries to persuade you there is an epidemic of black men being slaughtered by white cops.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
21799,BREAKING: FREDDIE GRAY HEAD INJURY MATCHES BOLT ON DOOR OF TRANSPORT VAN,"This answers questions but also raises many more questions in this case. Why did the van stop four times? The police van driver hasn t given testimony yet so perhaps he can shed some light on what happened to Freddie Gray An investigation into the death of Baltimore resident Freddie Gray has found no evidence that his fatal injuries were caused during the videotaped arrest and interaction with police officers, according to multiple law enforcement sources.The sources spoke to ABC7 News after being briefed on the findings of a police report turned over to prosecutors on Thursday.  Sources said the medical examiner found Gray s catastrophic injury was caused when he slammed into the back of the police transport van, apparently breaking his neck; a head injury he sustained matches a bolt in the back of the van.Details surrounding exactly what caused Gray to slam into the back of the van was unclear. The officer driving the van has yet to give a statement to authorities. It s also unclear whether Gray s head injury was voluntary or was a result of some other action.The medical examiner s office declined to comment on this open investigation and said it does not release preliminary findings. Via: WJLA",0
21800,BREAKING: TEXAS COP STABBED 14 TIMES By Man Who “had a desire to kill a police officer”,"Who knew that in our  First Black President s  second term killing cops would be all the rage in the black community? A Houston Community College police officer has survived an assassination attempt after being stabbed by her assailant 14 times. The officer was saved by civilians who stepped in and stopped the attacker. The attacker told investigators he did this to get back at police for their brutality. A spokesman from the family said it might be related to the Baltimore riots.Officer April Pikes remains in critical condition at Houston s Ben Taub Hospital, a public relations official at the Houston Police Department said to Breitbart Texas. Her alleged attacker, Jeremiah M. Matthews, 23, was pulled off of her by a group of men while he was stabbing her and attempting to grab her pistol, according to a statement from HPD obtained by Breitbart Texas.Harris County prosecutors said that Matthews told them  he had the intent to attack a police officer and his desire to kill a police officer,  according to a Click2Houston.com report. One of the witnesses, Abe Baker, who helped stop the attack said,  I saw him on her, just stabbing her. I wasn t really thinking,  Baker said.  His arm was just up getting ready to stab her and I just grabbed his arm and took him down, and that s when everybody else came over and we all just took him down. The HPD statement revealed that Matthews stabbed her several times before he was tackled and disarmed. The statement says he was attempting to gain control of her duty weapon. After taking down the suspect, the good Samaritans used the officer s handcuffs to detain Matthews until other police officers arrived and arrested him.The Click2Houston report states that Pike may lose her right arm. She was stabbed repeatedly in her right arm and torso.The scene of the attack was a Walmart located in Meyerland (Southwest Houston), where Pikes was working an approved off-duty security job. Pikes was in uniform when she was attacked. He was in an upbeat mood, whistling and he had a fast pace, walking fast,  Baker said of the assailant, who was smiling and cheerful right up until the moment he began his surprise attack. He does have a diagnostic history of mental illness in the past. To what degree that played into what happened, we don t know,  local community activist Deric Muhammad said, speaking on behalf of the Matthews family. He said it is possible that Matthews was inspired by the riots in Baltimore Monday night.The weapon was described as a hunting knife in a report by Fox26Houston s Kristine Galvan. That was an innocent woman. She had family, loved ones,  Abe Baker told Galvan.  That s someone s life and everyone s life counts and matters. Baker said he stopped by the Walmart on a late-night errand to pick up some laundry soap, and came to the rescue when he heard Pikes  screams. His quick action, and the response of the other men, probably saved her life. I want to offer my condolences to the victim,  said Vanessa Johnson, Matthews  mother, in the Fox26 video.  As a mother this is painful. I wish her a speedy recovery. My heart and prayers are going out to her and their entire family. The HPD statement from Wednesday morning states that Matthews has been charged with Attempted Capital Murder. His case has been assigned to the 182nd State District Court, which is presided over by Judge Jeannine Barr.Via: Breitbart News",0
21801,THIS IS RICH! COMMIE NYC MAYOR UNLEASHES CLASS WAR ON SCOTT WALKER FROM SWANKY PRIVATE CLUB,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio traveled to Milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking Scott Walker and the wealthy. Governor Walker is part of a dangerous breed of Republicans, a group actively working to dismantle the foundation for middle-class life. Now listen,  he told attendees, according to the transcript,  I m not saying Scott Walker set out to destroy Wisconsin s middle class. But if that were his mission, I can t think of a (darn) thing he d had done differently! It s no wonder why the latest polls show Governor Walker s approval sinking to new lows. The people of Wisconsin can see beyond his pleasant smile and reassuring words. He tries to play the everyman   then he stabs the everyman in the back. Mayor de Blasio s event was held at the exclusive and private Milwaukee Athletic Club (pictured above). According to Orbitz:The Milwaukee Athletic Club is a private city club located in the heart of downtown Milwaukee .Built in 1917, the historic club sits on the corner of Broadway and Mason streets. The 12 floors house 17 meeting rooms including the stunning Grand Ballroom, restaurants, bars, 60 hotel rooms, separate athletic facilities for men and women, co-ed fitness studio, pilates studio, yoga studio and babysitting room Swanky!Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
21802,OBAMA PLAYS THE VICTIM CARD AGAIN: BALTIMORE RIOTERS “STRIPPED A,"THE GREAT SOCIETY $22 trillion, yes, that much has been spent along with so much more to get the black community out of poverty and hopelessness. Where are we today? Well, it seems we re in the same spot as decades ago with the inner cities still struggling:The Great Society welfare state entitlement programs remain the largest drivers of red ink at both the federal and state level. It gets worse as Obamacare, the inevitable capstone of the Great Society, kicks in (and  kick  is precisely the right word).Most of the Great Society was designed to fight LBJ s War on Poverty, the total cost of which has been the sum of $22 trillion in current dollars, as reckoned by the Heritage Foundation. The tally rises by about $1 trillion a year as more than 80 overlapping means-tested federal programs sap resources the country does not have. The $22 trillion figure is  three times the amount of money that the government has spent on all military wars in its history, from the Revolutionary War to the present,  says Heritage s Robert Rector.What do we have to show for all this federal largesse? The poverty rate hasn t budged. Instead, we ve seen the rise of multigenerational welfare dependency. For the $2 trillion the federal government has spent on education since 1965, test scores have plummeted and the achievement gap between minority students and their peers has barely budged. Families, the bedrock of an authentically great society, have suffered most in LBJ s great social experiment. The overall out-of-wedlock birth rate has ballooned from 8 percent in the mid-1960s to more than 40 percent today; from 25 percent to 73 percent among blacks.Now we have Obama asking the American taxpayer for more money because he s claiming the rioters have been  stripped away of opportunity Obama commented on the Baltimore riots and those who have been  stripped away of opportunity where there are no fathers  to offer  guidance,  where  manufacturing has been stripped away; and drugs have flooded the community, and the drug industry ends up being the primary employer for a whole lot of folks .  The president intimates that burning buildings, cars, and looting businesses is the result of hopelessness. I assure you, this is not hopelessness.Drug addictions strip away opportunity, but a future is there if you want it. Robbing neighbors, burning cars, and destroying businesses strips away opportunity for the community as a whole, but a future lies ahead if there is a will to grab it.Are you a young person fighting a terminal illness? If not, you are not without opportunity. You don t have the right to be hopeless.Having an absent father is heartbreaking when the father made the choice to leave. A one-parent home makes it harder, but not opportunity-less; just ask Dr. Ben Carson, Bill Clinton, Samuel L. Jackson, Gene Simmons, Louie Armstrong, Jackie Robinson   or the boy or girl down the street from a one-parent home, who WILL move ahead and make his/her opportunities.Ask any among those whose  opportunity  has been  stripped away,  if he/she will trade his current opportunity-deprived situation with a person suffering from terminal cancer   a cancer that has nothing to do with lifestyle. Take your pick of any devastating disease. It happens to you. You, a person from wealth, or a blue-collar home, or the poorest among us, and yet you have never had an addiction, or lived an unhealthy lifestyle outside of the occasional double cheeseburger, with bacon, and a side of cheese fries. You made a choice not to hang with a dangerous crowd. You innately know the difference between right and wrong, because, you know, all of us do know the difference.Your choice: live a productive and lawful life, or die soon of cancer. How fast will you find  opportunity?  In the blink of an eye? Probably.You picked your friends carefully, and got yourself into a working environment at the first opportunity. You appreciated your minimum wage, and took pride in the job you did. You went to school, graduated, and either went on to higher education or entered the work force   and you liked it, yet the cancer found you, and you know that without a miracle, your life will end at an early age. This is opportunity stripped away, not what s happening in Baltimore.Via: Maggie s Notebook",0
21803,"CHILLING INTERVIEW: [VIDEO] 14 Yr. Old Girl Doused Baltimore Pizza Store Owner In Lighter Fuel, Tried To Set Him On Fire","A 14 year old girl yelled:  F*ck the pizza man  and this is what happened next:Why were they trying to kill you?I don t know. I don t do nothing. From what I could tell, they was doing it for fun. It s kids doing this stuff.Do you think you ll re-open?Yes, yes, I m gonna open. I m gonna re-open.Will you do anything differently?What I m gonna do is I m gonna secure my business [ineligible] Get like a weapon license and everything, to save myself from this neighborhood.You re gonna get a gun..yes?Yes, I m gonna get a license and try to save myself. Because what I ve learned is I could be dead and no one would help me.At least walk to my car WATCH CHILLING VIDEO INTERVIEW HERE:h/t IJ Review",0
21804,(VIDEO) BALTIMORE BBQ & BREW OWNER GUARDS RESTAURANT AFTER LEADERS “UTTERLY FAILED”,"Midtown BBQ & Brew owner Tony Harrison was on  Fox and Friends  to explain that he saw video of a police line being breached and  realized that [authorities] weren t going to be able to help us.  That s when he decided he would stand watch outside of his business instead.Harrison said that he left his restaurant at one point. When he came back, a window was broken. He said he waited inside in the dark to protect his restaurant, but nothing further happened.Harrison said he s disappointed in the way leaders have responded to the rioting which began in the wake of Freddie Gray s death. They utterly failed, they failed the businesses, they failed the communities, they failed their own police officers,  Harrison said.",0
21805,BREAKING: LEFTIST DEMOCRAT MAYOR ORDERED BALTIMORE POLICE TO STAND DOWN [Video],"A source involved in the enforcement efforts confirmed there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief, as riots broke out on Monday night to stand down.Despite a firm denial by Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, a senior law enforcement source charges that she gave an order for police to stand down as riots broke out Monday night, raising more questions about whether some of the violence and looting could have been prevented.The source, who is involved in the enforcement efforts, confirmed to Fox News there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief Monday night, effectively tying the hands of officers as they were pelted with rocks and bottles.Asked directly if the mayor was the one who gave that order, the source said:  You are God damn right it was. The claim follows criticism of the mayor for, over the weekend, saying they were giving space to those who  wished to destroy. By Tuesday night, despite the chaos a day earlier, Baltimore police along with the National Guard and other law enforcement contingents seemed to be restoring order in the city, which was under a curfew overnight.Rawlings-Blake has defended her handling of the unrest, which grew out of protests over the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.The mayor, in an interview with Fox News  Bill Hemmer on Tuesday, denied any order was issued to hold back on Monday. You have to understand, it is not holding back. It is responding appropriately,  she said, saying there was no stand-down directive.She said her critics have a right to their opinion.Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan on Monday suggested the mayor also waited too long to request a state of emergency.That followed criticism over her remarks over the weekend, when she said it s important to give protesters the opportunity to exercise their right to free speech.She seemed to take that notion a step further:  It s a very delicate balancing act, because, while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on, we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. As her  destroy  remarks faced a buzzsaw of criticism amid the riots Monday, the mayor initially tried to deny she said them. I never said nor would I ever say that we are giving people space to destroy our city, so my words should not be twisted,  the mayor said Monday.In a press conference, she accused critics of a  blatant mischaracterization. But her office eventually released a written statement acknowledging she said those words   while attempting to explain them.Via: FOX News",0
21806,BREAKING: VIOLENCE ERUPTS (AGAIN) IN FERGUSON…TWO PEOPLE SHOT [Video],"FERGUSON PART II:  Police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them. Baltimore and Ferguson are one in the same. They re organized by radical leftist groups, funded by radical leftist organizations andAt least two people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore.More gunshots. pic.twitter.com/qpqmVatFM5  Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) April 29, 2015 Police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them,  said Jeff Small, a spokesman for the city of Ferguson.  At this point police are not sure if the (shootings are) linked to the protest or not.  St. Louis Alderman Antonio French posted video on his Twitter account. Multiple gunshots can be heard as people flee in panic. Via: CNN Happening now in #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/GXHUXyyY2L   Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) April 29, 2015 ",0
21807,(VIDEO)BALTIMORE IN A NUTSHELL: GERALDO RIVERA AND RIOTERS SCUFFLE AS APOLOGIST DEMOCRAT POLITICIAN MAKES EXCUSES FOR THE THUGGERY,"I watched this exchange last night and couldn t believe the insanity seriously. It was curfew and the people in the streets ignored it which is crazy in itself but then Geraldo shows up. He almost comes to blows with rioters and is screamed at. One rioter said,  Stop making money off of black pain. The part of all this that s maddening is this woman s excuse that the media was causing these people to be angry. The City Council woman continued to make excuses for these bad actors and blamed the messenger. Does this sound familiar to anyone? Yes, this is the common theme from the left and I believe most Americans are 100% FED Up! with it.",0
21808,"BREAKING: CHARITY FAILED TO REVEAL 1,100 DONORS TO THE CLINTON FOUNDATION","More and more dirt on these two grifters who re shockingly still denying the truth or saying nothing to defend themselves. They have pocketed most of the donations with only 15 cents of every dollar donated going to charity. And now this  A charity affiliated with the Clinton Foundation failed to reveal the identities of its 1,100 donors, creating a broad exception to the foundation s promise to disclose funding sources as part of an ethics agreement with the Obama administration.The number of undisclosed contributors to the charity, the Canada-based Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, signals a larger zone of secrecy around foundation donors than was previously known.Details of the organization s fundraising were disclosed this week by a spokeswoman for the Canadian group s founder, mining magnate Frank Giustra.The Canadian group has received attention in recent days as a potential avenue for anonymous Clinton Foundation donations from foreign business executives, including some who had interests before the U.S. government while Hillary Rodham Clinton was secretary of state.The partnership, named in part for Bill Clinton, sends much of its money to the New York-based Clinton Foundation. Two of the partnership s known donors   Giustra and another mining executive, Ian Telfer   are featured in the soon-to-be-released book  Clinton Cash  for their roles in a series of deals that resulted in Russia controlling many uranium deposits around the world and in the United States.With the foundation s finances emerging as an issue for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, a foundation official this week defended the arrangement with the Giustra group, noting in a blog post that Canadian law prevents charities in that country from disclosing their donors without the donors  permission.The Canadian partnership has in recent days begun to reach out to its 28 largest donors, each of whom gave donations equivalent to at least $250,000 in U.S. dollars, to seek permission to release their names, said a person familiar with the foundation, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.The large number of undisclosed supporters of a Clinton-affiliated charity raises new questions about the foundation s adherence to the 2008 ethics agreement it struck with the Obama administration, which was designed to avoid conflicts of interest during Hillary Clinton s tenure at the State Department.Read more: WaPo",0
21809,[VIDEO] LEFTIST CNN ANCHOR TELLS RACIST US REP THE #BaltimoreRiots Are Vets Fault “They come back from war…and they’re ready to do battle”,"Whiskey, Tango, Hotel   Don t worry, Brooke clarified her ludicrous statement by saying:  These veterans are coming back from war and they just don t know their communities.  Yeah okay thanks for clarifying Brooke Radical leftist and open racist, Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings appears to have the answer however, he s got the DOJ involved in an investigation from  top to bottom  of the Baltimore Police Department. Once their shake-down is complete, the racist crackers will be outed, they ll be fired  and everyone can go back to business. As usual, where s there s a Democrat, there s a taxpayer funded government solution As if it s not hard enough to have to watch racist Democrat, US Rep. Elijah Cummings offer his  expert opinion  on the Baltimore riots/race war he s just giddy about we now have to listen to leftist CNN  reporter  Brooke Baldwin tell us these riots are the fault of our returning US Veterans How much more idiocy can America take? Here s a great example of a courageous US Veteran who stood tall last night in the face of a large group of thugs who were threatening the Baltimore Police with rocks and other projectiles.  Is this who you were referring to Brooke?Here s the original interview with US Rep. Elijah Cummins:After more than a year of CNN pouring gasoline all over America with hysterical, and oftentimes phony, stories of American racism, the left-wing network s afternoon anchor Brooke Baldwin finally took it to the next level by blaming American veterans for the Baltimore riots.In a pathetic suck-up interview with Democrat Congressman Elijah Cummins, Baldwin never once had the moral courage to ask the failed Baltimore City congressman if the left-wing policies ushered in by a half-century of a Democrat monopoly in Baltimore might have something to do with the city s ills. Instead, she said of young military veterans who become police officers,  I love our nation s veterans, but some of them are coming back from war, they don t know the communities, and they are ready to do battle. The context was a discussion about increased training and retraining for the Baltimore police.There s no question Baldwin is hoping to launch a narrative with that smear.This is pure CNN; throwing out anti-science smears towards the best people this country has to offer while it is in reality the rioters who are  doing battle.  It is savages who are looting and burning and causing anarchy, not the police. But it is the Baltimore police who have 15 wounded among their ranks. It is the Baltimore police who calmly did not do much battle during Monday night s riots.Baldwin and CNN just can t help themselves. This is a cable news network that relentlessly launches Hate Campaigns to smear decent people, like Christians, as a way to deflect from the evils done by the Gaystapo and the thugs who are tearing down predominantly black, working class cities like Ferguson and Baltimore.Essentially, what Baldwin said to the world was,  Don t hire veterans! They re too damaged to be trusted with authority.  We re back to the Vietnam-era where leftists smear our heroes to cover up the real problems. CNN wants us to believe unstable veterans are the problem in Baltimore, not unstable families.But she loves veterans.Here s a great follow up interview with Mr. Valentine, the fearless veteran the residents in the city of Baltimore are fortunate enough to have living amongst them:Wine and live television tend to reveal just how ugly some people really are.Via: Breitbart News",0
21810,BREAKING ENERGY DEPARTMENT AUDIT REVEALS SHOCKING PRICE TAG AND LIABILITY FOR OBAMA’S GREEN ENERGY FAILURES,"The American taxpayers are on the hook for less than predicted but this is still huge! It was Obama s green energy scam with companies like Solyndra that was like flushing millions and billions down the toilet Taxpayers are on the hook for more than $2.2 billion in expected costs from the federal government s energy loan guarantee programs, according to a new audit Monday that suggests the controversial projects may not pay for themselves, as officials had promised.Nearly $1 billion in loans have already defaulted under the Energy Department program, which included the infamous Solyndra stimulus project and dozens of other green technology programs the Obama administration has approved, totaling nearly about $30 billion in taxpayer backing, the Government Accountability Office reported in its audit.The hefty $2.2 billion price tag is actually an improvement over initial estimates, which found the government was poised to face $4 billion in losses from the loan guarantees. But as the projects have come to fruition, they ve performed better, leaving taxpayers with a shrinking   though still sizable   liability. As of November 2014, DOE estimates the credit subsidy cost of the loans and loan guarantees in its portfolio   that is, the total expected net cost over the life of the loans   to be $2.21 billion, including $807 million for loans that have defaulted,  the GAO said in its report to Congress.The green program loan guarantees were created in a 2005 law and boosted by the 2009 stimulus. The first applications were approved in 2009, and through 2014 the Obama administration had issued some 38 loans and guarantees, covering 34 projects ranging from nuclear power plants to fuel-efficient vehicles to solar panels and wind-generation technology.Read more: Washington Times",0
21811,BRILLIANT AND TRUE: THIS IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE FAILURE OF BALTIMORE’S LEADERS,"Kevin D. Williamson of National Review nails it in this brilliant and true piece! This is so worth the time! This all encompassing look at Baltimore and the failed Democratic city governments gives us the problem and the solution. All I can say is Amen!A few weeks ago, there was an election in Ferguson, Mo., the result of which was to treble the number of African Americans on that unhappy suburb s city council. This was greeted in some corners with optimism   now, at last, the city s black residents would have a chance to see to securing their own interests. This optimism flies in the face of evidence near   St. Louis   and far   Baltimore, Detroit, Philadelphia, Cleveland, Atlanta, Los Angeles, San Francisco . . .St. Louis has not had a Republican mayor since the 1940s, and in its most recent elections for the board of aldermen there was no Republican in the majority of the contests; the city is overwhelmingly Democratic, effectively a single-party political monopoly from its schools to its police department. Baltimore has seen two Republicans sit in the mayor s office since the 1920s   and none since the 1960s. Like St. Louis, it is effectively a single-party political monopoly from its schools to its police department. Philadelphia has not elected a Republican mayor since 1948. The last Republican to be elected mayor of Detroit was congratulated on his victory by President Eisenhower. Atlanta, a city so corrupt that its public schools are organized as a criminal conspiracy against its children, last had a Republican mayor in the 19th century. Its municipal elections are officially nonpartisan, but the last Republican to run in Atlanta s 13th congressional district did not manage to secure even 30 percent of the vote; Atlanta is effectively a single-party political monopoly from its schools to its police department.American cities are by and large Democratic-party monopolies, monopolies generally dominated by the so-called progressive wing of the party. The results have been catastrophic, and not only in poor black cities such as Baltimore and Detroit. Money can paper over some of the defects of progressivism in rich, white cities such as Portland and San Francisco, but those are pretty awful places to be non-white and non-rich, too: Blacks make up barely 9 percent of the population in San Francisco, but they represent 40 percent of those arrested for murder, and they are arrested for drug offenses at ten times their share of the population. Criminals make their own choices, sure, but you want to take a look at the racial disparity in educational outcomes and tell me that those low-income nine-year-olds in Wisconsin just need to buck up and bootstrap it?Black urban communities face institutional failure across the board every day. There are people who should be made to answer for that: What has Martin O Malley to say for himself? What can Ed Rendell say for himself other than that he secured a great deal of investment for the richest square mile in Philadelphia? What has Nancy Pelosi done about the radical racial divide in San Francisco? DETROIT IN RUINS: Mychal Denzel Smith, toy radical at The Nation, offered the usual illiterate slogan  f**k the police  and declared of the rioters:  I also hope they break s**t.  Writers at Salon also endorsed violence for its own sake.  I do not advocate non-violence,  Benji Hart affirmed. Most of this can be credited to juvenile posturing, and it should be noted that the rioters in Baltimore mostly are not burning down tax offices or police stations but are in the main looting businesses and carrying out acts of wanton opportunistic vandalism   that s not a revolt, but a crime spree. Meretricious  black rage  rhetoric notwithstanding, what we have seen in places such as Ferguson and Baltimore is much more ordinarily criminal than political.But there is a legitimate concern here   from which no one seems to be willing to draw the obvious conclusion: There is someone to blame for what s wrong in Baltimore.Would any sentient adult American be shocked to learn that Baltimore has a corrupt and feckless police department enabled by a corrupt and feckless city government? I myself would not, and the local authorities  dishonesty and stonewalling in the death of Freddie Gray is reminiscent of what we have seen in other cities. There s a heap of evidence that the Baltimore police department is pretty bad.This did not come out of nowhere. While the progressives have been running the show in Baltimore, police commissioner Ed Norris was sent to prison on corruption charges (2004), two detectives were sentenced to 454 years in prison for dealing drugs (2005), an officer was dismissed after being videotaped verbally abusing a 14-year-old and then failing to file a report on his use of force against the same teenager (2011), an officer was been fired for sexually abusing a minor (2014), and the city paid a quarter-million-dollar settlement to a man police illegally arrested for the non-crime of recording them at work with his mobile phone. There s a good deal more. Does that sound like a disciplined police organization to you?Yes, Baltimore seems to have some police problems. But let us be clear about whose fecklessness and dishonesty we are talking about here: No Republican, and certainly no conservative, has left so much as a thumbprint on the public institutions of Baltimore in a generation. Baltimore s police department is, like Detroit s economy and Atlanta s schools, the product of the progressive wing of the Democratic party enabled in no small part by black identity politics. This is entirely a left-wing project, and a Democratic-party project.When will the Left be held to account for the brutality in Baltimore   brutality for which it bears a measure of responsibility on both sides? There aren t any Republicans out there cheering on the looters, and there aren t any Republicans exercising real political power over the police or other municipal institutions in Baltimore. Community-organizer   a wretched term   Adam Jackson declared that in Baltimore  the Democrats and the Republicans have both failed.  Really? Which Republicans? Ulysses S. Grant? Unless I m reading the charts wrong, the Baltimore city council is 100 percent Democratic.The other Democratic monopolies aren t looking too hot, either. We re sending Atlanta educators to prison for running a criminal conspiracy to hide the fact that they failed, and failed woefully, to educate the children of that city. Isolated incident? Nope: Atlanta has another cheating scandal across town at the police academy. Who is being poorly served by the fact that Atlanta s school system has been converted into crime syndicate? Mostly poor, mostly black families. Who is likely to suffer from any incompetents advanced through the Atlanta police department by its corrupt academy? Mostly poor, mostly black people. Who suffers most from the incompetence of Baltimore s Democratic mayor? Mostly poor, mostly black families   should they feel better that she s black? Who suffers most from the incompetence and corruption of Baltimore s police department? Mostly poor, mostly black families.And it s the same people who will suffer the most from the vandalism and pillaging going on in Baltimore, too.The evidence suggests very strongly that the left-wing, Democratic claques that run a great many American cities   particularly the poor and black cities   are not capable of running a school system or a police department. They are incompetent, they are corrupt, and they are breathtakingly arrogant. Cleveland, Philadelphia, Detroit, Baltimore   this is what Democrats do.And the kids in the street screaming about  inequality ? Somebody should tell them that the locale in these United States with the least economic inequality is Utah, i.e. the state farthest away from the reach of the people who run Baltimore. Keep voting for the same thing, keep getting the same thing.  Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent at National Review.Read more: National Review",0
21812,URBAN TERRORISTS: HORRIFIC NEW VIDEO EMERGES OF HUGE MOB DRAGGING AND BEATING WHITE MAN From Inside Baltimore Liquor Store To Street,"The identity of the victim has not yet been confirmed, but he is believed to be the owner of the liquor store where this horrific event took place. It appears that he is already unconscious by the time he is dragged out onto the sidewalk in front of the store where is repeatedly kicked by the violent mob. .@justin_fenton @baltimoresun I just watched a guy dragged from his store and sucker punched and stomped pic.twitter.com/R8zYI7bpWt  Joe Talaiver (@jtalaiver) April 27, 2015",0
21813,(VIDEO) MOM OF THE YEAR! WHEN YOUR MOM CATCHES YOU RIOTING AND BEATS YOUR A@@ ON LIVE TV, ,0
21814,[VIDEO] FLASHBACK…MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. ON RIOTS: “We Can’t Win A Violent Revolution”,"Wouldn t it be great if our first  Black  President would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in Baltimore by and asking for calm? Is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a Community Organizer with an agenda? As long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression, then every city will sit on a powder keg and will explode over the slightest incident. This is why I have constantly said that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. After all, the negro ends up on the losing end. We can t win a violent revolution. The persons who end up not being able to get milk for their children are the negros, because things where they have to live are destroyed. Dr. King: Nonviolence is the Most Powerful Weapon  Violence creates more social problems than it solves. ",0
21815,(VIDEO) RIOTERS TAKE SELFIES WITH TORCHED POLICE CAR, ,0
21816,BALTIMORE BURNS: MARYLAND GOVERNOR BRINGS IN NATIONAL GUARD AND DECLARES A STATE OF EMERGENCY, ,0
21817,"BREAKING #BALTIMORE RIOT VIDEOS: REPORT Black Guerrilla Family, Bloods And Crips Contracted To attack Baltimore Police","Pray for these police officers, the innocent citizens, residents and business owners in Baltimore Here is a recruitment flyer that was posted by the Black Panthers leading up to the start of the riots in Baltimore on Saturday: WFLA News Channel 8Looting a CVS pharmacy, because nothing says  Justice  for Freddie Grey like looting a drug store:This video is from last night. It gives America a view of what an unarmed society looks like when they are threatened by criminal behavior.https://youtu.be/fR1gCfh7J1IThis recently released video shows an attack by three men who knock a man on his back and then descend on him, kicking him and hurling objects at him as he appears to be knocked unconscious.https://youtu.be/HqJ5izcZrBgBefore protests over Freddie Gray s death turned chaotic, an unlikely alliance was born in Baltimore on Saturday: Rivals from the Bloods and the Crips agreed to march side by side against police brutality.The alleged gang members are pictured on social media crowding together with Nation of Islam activists, who told The Daily Beast they brokered the truce in honor of Gray, who died last week after sustaining spinal injuries while in police custody.In one photo, a gang activist in a red sweatshirt crouches to fit into a group photo with rivals decked out in blue bandanas. I can say with honesty those brothers demonstrated they can be united for a common good,  said Carlos Muhammad, a minister at Nation of Islam s Mosque No. 6.  At the rally, they made the call that they must be united on that day. It should be commended. The detente was only a small part of the demonstration drawing 1,200 people to Baltimore s City Hall, but it raised eyebrows among activists. Are things so bad that even Baltimore s gang adversaries are joining forces to combat law enforcement? We can unite and stop killing one another,  Muhammad told The Daily Beast,  and the Bloods and the Crips can help rebuild their community. DeRay McKesson, an organizer known for his work in Ferguson, also confirmed the street-crime ceasefire. He live-tweeted Saturday s mostly peaceful demonstration, which later descended into clashes with police and smashed storefronts and cop cars, and alerted followers of a possible respite in gangland. The fight against police brutality has united people in many ways that we have not seen regularly, and that s really powerful,  McKesson told The Daily Beast.  The reality is, police have been terrorizing black people as far back as we can remember. It will take all of us coming together to change a corrupt system. Still, it s not the first time gangsters called a truce to focus on another foe. In August, the MadameNoire web publication reported on two former Bloods and Crips rivals in St. Louis now protesting against police in Ferguson, Missouri who held a sign in red and blue letters:  NO MORE CRIPS. NO MORE BLOODS. ONE PEOPLE. NO GANG ZONE. Young black men are dying from the police and they are dying from the gangs too,  one activist said.  But this is a bigger problem, so we took it upon ourselves to focus our energy on making a better solution for the community we live in. On Sunday, Baltimore police announced that 35 people were arrested and six police officers were injured in demonstrations.The unrest prompted a mayoral press conference on Saturday evening, when Gray s twin sister Fredericka made her first public statements.  My family wants to say, can you all please, please stop the violence?  she pleaded.  Freddie Gray would not want this. But before Fredericka spoke, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake thanked those who were discouraging violence and even singled out Nation of Islam s peacekeeping efforts. I want to also thank the Nation of Islam, who have been very present in our efforts to keep calm and peace in our city,  she said.Seriously? Thanking the Nation of Islam for promoting peace and calm? What planet has she been living on? Via: The Daily Beast ",0
21818,BUSTED: [Video] AARP Caught Using SUBLIMINAL MESSAGE To Promote ‘MARTIAL LAW’ In Recent Ad,"Could someone please explain this? I honestly don t think it s any accident.I stumbled onto this video via BadBlue, which linked to a site called Hyscience. At first I thought it was a joke. But the video is posted on the official AARP YouTube channel.In order for me to hear the not-so subliminal message on the radio playing in the background, I had to turn the volume all the way up and use headphones. But this is what I hear:  Riots nationwide have prompted local governments to declare martial law. The president is asking that citizens find safety and remain calm. Authorities are working their hardest to contain the outbreak. It really does make one ask, what the hell? Of all the messages that could be playing on a radio in an AARP ad, why this one?Via: The Right Planet",0
21819,UNREAL! FORMER GITMO DETAINEES PROTEST AT U.S. EMBASSY FOR FREEBIES FROM THE U.S.,"We should do NOTHING for these terrorists! They got money and a house from the government of Uruguay but want even more from the U.S. and Uruguay. Unreal!Four former Guantanamo Bay prisoners protested for a second day Saturday demanding more help from both the Uruguayan and the U.S. governments for adapting to life in their new home in this South American country.The men began their protest in front of the U.S. Embassy in Montevideo on Friday and said they slept there through the night. They insisted would stay until they met with the U.S. ambassador. We ll be here until Monday. We are not leaving until with speak with the ambassador,  former detainee Adel bin Muhammad El Ouerghi said.The men began their protest after the embassy closed for the weekend, and U.S. officials had not responded to messages requesting comment.As a humanitarian gesture, Uruguay s government took in the four and two other men in December after U.S. authorities freed them from Guantanamo. They had spent 12 years at the U.S. military prison for suspected al-Qaida ties, but U.S. officials decided they were no longer a threat and let them go.The four Syrians, one Tunisian and one Palestinian have repeatedly said the United States should help them financially so they can afford to bring their families to Uruguay.The men get $600 (15,000 pesos) a month from Uruguay s government, which they must use to pay for food, clothes, cellphones and other personal items. Officials have also provided a house for the six men to share. Via: Stars and Stripes",0
21820,CRAZY VIDEO! MAYOR OF BALTIMORE: WE GAVE RIOTERS “SPACE TO DESTROY”,"Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: While we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. We also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. And we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate, and that s what you saw. THE MAYOR S ENTIRE PRESS CONFERENCE:",0
21821,WATCH YOUNG TEENAGE THUGS AS THEY ROB FEMALE REPORTER Filming #BaltimoreRiots,"Because nothing says  justice  for Freddie Gray like a large group of teenage thugs descending on a defenseless woman and stealing her purse A producer for Ruptly, a video news service run by RT (formerly Russia Today), was robbed on camera while filming the violent protests in Baltimore overnight.The dramatic video shows the female victim first surrounded and harassed by a group of youths, who rapidly grow bolder reaching out at her, all the while hurling a stream of vulgarity and ranting about the police. She is then clearly physically attacked by the group. As the video stabilizes you see that the producer is chasing the thieves down the street trying to retrieve her stolen bag before the intervention of the Baltimore police.The protests in Baltimore over the death of Freddie Gray while in custody turned into violent riots overnight Saturday into Sunday morning. So much so that 30,000 people were locked down in Camden Yards.As Twitchy notes, at the time of the lockdown President Obama was delivering jokes to the mainstream media and assorted celebrities about a half hour away.Toward the end of the video, the woman who was robbed can be heard sobbing as she continues to film.Via: RT Ruptly",0
21822,SIX REASONS THE LEFT Turned Their ‘Accepting’ Backs On Bruce Jenner After He ‘Came Out’ In TV Interview,"1). I m a Christian.2). I m NOT gay.3). He fears his lifestyle puts him at odds with the Bible.4). He s a Republican.5). He doesn t like President Obama.And the mortal blow to the left .6). He believes in the US ConstitutionIn an Interview with Diane Sawyer Friday night on ABC, Bruce Jenner ended months of speculation by confirming he is in the process of transitioning into a woman. I ve always been confused about my gender identity,  Jenner tearfully said at the beginning of the two-hour special, which was partially filmed inside of his home.Bruce told Sawyer he has always known he was different and believes he has  the soul of a female.  At one point, the former Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year was known for his chiseled physique, but he said his brain is more female than male and that his entire life has been lived as a lie. I am a woman,  he stated. Although he identifies himself as female, Jenner feels a woman can still  kick butt.  He also explained,  It s not like I ve been dressing up like a woman, it s like I ve spent my whole life dressing like a man. While walking Sawyer through his childhood, Jenner described himself as a lonely little boy growing up, who often cross-dressed in order to fight confusion regarding his gender identity. He eventually grew up to be a  lonely big boy. The reality TV star also made it clear that sexuality is separate from gender:  I ve always felt heterosexual  I ve never been with a guy. He is still unsure if his next relationship will be with a man or woman and explained he considers himself  asexual  as of now, and at his current age is more concerned with finally living under his true identity.Speculation about Jenner s changing appearance has heated up over the past year, but the 65-year-old also revealed that at one point in the early eighties he started taking hormones but lost his nerve after five years. Due to the hormones, he actually developed size-36B breasts.In addition to starting hormone treatment 30 years ago, Bruce also started changing his face with a series of cosmetic procedures and removed the hair on his face and chest with electrolysis. He claimed that two of his three ex-wives, Linda Thompson and Kris Jenner, were both aware of his secret, and it played a part in ending his marriages.Jenner explained he was also once caught wearing a dress by stepdaughter Kim Kardashian and later by daughters Kendall and Kylie, after he was captured on a computer spy cam in Kylie s bedroom. After a talk from Kanye West, he said Kim became more accepting of his transition.WATCH THE INTERVIEW HERE: Among the more surprising revelations, Bruce told his guest he is both a Christian and a Republican. He admitted he has at times been concerned his lifestyle puts him at odds with the Bible in particular, the book of Deuteronomy, which classifies a man dressing as a woman as sin. I would sit in church and always wonder,  In God s eyes, how does he see me?    Maybe this is my cause in life   This is why God put me on this earth  to deal with this issue. When asked about President Obama s support for LGBT rights during the State of the Union, the former Olympian admitted he is not a big fan of Obama. I ve always been more on the conservative side,  he said.A puzzled Sawyer asked him if he identifies as a Republican, to which Jenner answered,  Yeah. Is that a bad thing? I believe in the Constitution. While he admitted he has at times had moderate suicidal thoughts, he now feels great about ridding himself of the anxieties of hiding his identity from his children and others.His four older children also spoke to Sawyer during the interview and all showed their support. His son Brandon said:  I feel like I m getting an upgraded version of my dad. His son Brody said of him coming out:  It finally makes sense. Jenner has been taking hormones again for a year and a half now but has not yet made a decision about full gender reassignment surgery. If this is the only problem I have in life, I ve got it made,  he told Sawyer.  In the next house, I m building a glam room. The interview was a  farewell to Bruce Jenner,  according to Sawyer, but Bruce explained he wasn t necessarily saying goodbye but rather:  I m saying goodbye to people s perceptions of me  I m just doing what I have to do. I m going to learn a lot in the next year,  Jenner added.  2015 is going to be quite a ride. Sawyer then teased that she may again catch up with the TV star for an additional interview in a year.Via: Breitbart News",0
21823,"SHOCKING VIDEOTAPED INTERVIEW WITH BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA’S “BROTHER”MALIK: ‘I’d like to see him (Barack) be for real, not so deceptive’","In a shocking interview with Joel Gilbert, producer of  Dreams From My Real Father,  Malik talks about having to come through the back door at the White House or being asked to come at night so no one sees him. He talks about everything that Barack s Aunt Zetouni did for him when he needed her, and how he wouldn t contribute a penny for her funeral. He left it up to the poor villagers in Kenya to figure out how to get her body back to her home country.  He also reveals how Barack has never contributed a dime to help a family member in Kenya.  Ever since President Barack Obama was elected president, many have wondered who Obama really is and what he stands for. Undisclosed and unreported to the mainstream media, Joel Gilbert, who produced the film,  Dreams From My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception,  has released an interview with Obama s brother Malik Obama, the Freedom Post reported on Friday. Gilbert conducted the 12-minute interview with Malik Obama on April 10, 2015 and was published on April 22, 2015.The interview shows clips of President Obama speaking of how his father grew up and herded goats and then Gilbert told Malik that Obama had deceived Americans when Obama stated that he would cut the deficit, support Israel, and that Obamacare is not a tax and how he felt about it. Malik responded to Gilbert and said,  Well, the way that he s turned and become a different person with the family is the same way that I see him behaving politically. He says one thing and then he does another. He s not been an honest man, as far as I m concerned, in who he is and what he says and how he treats people.  Gilbert then asked Malik on how he felt about being the oldest brother in the family, Malik responded with disappointment and said,  Disappointed  disappointed, used, used and also betrayed. In the beginning, I didn t think that he was a schemer. His real character, his real personality, the real him, is coming out now. Malik also spoke on how he and Obama s family back in Kenya feel no respect from Obama and was hurt and crushed that Obama would act that way to them.  I don t understand how somebody who claims to be a relative or a brother can behave the way that he s behaving, be so cold and ruthless, and just turn his back on the people,  Malik said.  He said were his family. WATCH INTERVIEW HERE:Joel Gilbert came to the front lines of Obama really is when his book and film was released. The film and book chronicles the life of President Obama, based in part on two years of research, interviews, newly unearthed footage and photos, and the writings of alleged real father of President Obama, Frank Marshall Davis as well as Obama himself. The film and book also chronicles Barack Obama s life journey in Socialism and Marxism, from the day he was born through his election to the Presidency.Via: The Examiner",0
21824,DOJ MONITORS PATRIOT GUN-RANGE OWNER Who Banned Muslims From Her Gun Range," I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -Jan MorganOn Saturday, Breitbart.com s AWR Hawkins said the Department of Justice is  monitoring  Jan Morgan, the owner of Gun Cave Indoor Firing Range in Hot Springs, Arkansas, who banned Muslims from her business in 2014, citing safety concerns. But Morgan isn t backing down and told Examiner.com Saturday she would close her business before putting her clients  safety at risk.The Washington Post said the monitoring is the result of demands by the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the Arkansas chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union. Both groups demanded a federal investigation after Morgan declared her range to be a  Muslim-Free Zone. CAIR and the ACLU argue that Morgan s  Muslim-free  policy violates the public accommodation provision of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Times said. But Morgan disagrees, saying her range is a private club with dues-paying members.The DOJ confirmed it was monitoring Morgan, the Times added. The agency, however, did not say if it has plans to launch an investigation. CAIR said it was pleased with the action. We welcome this positive development and hope it leads to a thorough investigation of clear violations of the civil rights of American Muslims and those perceived to be Muslim by the gun range owner,  said CAIR s civil rights litigation director Jenifer Wicks. But Morgan told Examiner there is a huge difference between monitoring and investigating.In fact, she said at her website, she has  been under the watchful eyes of federal law enforcement authorities for a long time  as a result of  years of death threats  from Muslims. The threats, she added, began long before she owned the range. Now, she lives her daily life  under a federal microscope. I have nothing to hide,  she said.  I have no secrets from the federal government. Last year, she added, FBI counter-terrorism agents met with her and said ISIS is in Arkansas.  The agency feared I was going to be a target of opportunity, and I was directed to take EVERY SECURITY PRE-CAUTION necessary to protect my life and the lives of all people in my presence at all times,  she wrote.Morgan said that like the French cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo, she has had her life threatened many times over her articles. She also acted  upon the directive of the ATF to all FFL holders to err on the side of caution and not engage in any firearm transactions with anyone we suspect might use that firearm in the commission of a crime. So, CAIR and the ACLU, do you really think the idea of  more monitoring  of my daily life is somehow new or a threat to me in any way?  she asked on Facebook.  Of course the feds are monitoring me,  she added.  You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. Morgan told Examiner she is prepared to deal with a federal investigation should one be launched against her.  I was prepared to fight this from day one,  she said.The  bottom line,  she added,  is this: I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here.  On her site, Morgan said she  will continue to follow the advise of two agencies within the DOJ to protect and defend my own life, as well as the lives of innocent American citizens in my presence, from any and all threats of violence connected to, and or associated with any and all terrorist organizations.  Anything less, she added,  would be irresponsible, reckless, and life threatening. Via: Joe Newby, The Examiner",0
21825,CLINTON MEGA-CHARITY: “Slush Fund For The Clinton’s” Took In $140 Million… Gave Pittance In Direct Aid,"Try to process this: A woman running for President of The United States (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the Clinton Foundation The Clinton Foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. The Clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. The group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration, travel, and salaries and bonuses, with the fattest payouts going to family friends. On its 2013 tax forms, the most recent available, the foundation claimed it spent $30 million on payroll and employee benefits; $8.7 million in rent and office expenses; $9.2 million on  conferences, conventions and meetings ; $8 million on fund-raising; and nearly $8.5 million on travel. None of the Clintons are on the payroll, but they do enjoy first-class flights paid for by the Foundation. In all, the group reported $84.6 million in  functional expenses  on its 2013 tax return and had more than $64 million left over   money the organization has said represents pledges rather than actual cash on hand. Some of the tens of millions in administrative costs finance more than 2,000 employees, including aid workers and health professionals around the world. But that s still far below the 75 percent rate of spending that nonprofit experts say a good charity should spend on its mission. Charity Navigator, which rates nonprofits, recently refused to rate the Clinton Foundation because its  atypical business model . . . doesn t meet our criteria.  Charity Navigator put the foundation on its  watch list,  which warns potential donors about investing in problematic charities. The 23 charities on the list include the Rev. Al Sharpton s troubled National Action Network, which is cited for failing to pay payroll taxes for several years. Other nonprofit experts are asking hard questions about the Clinton Foundation s tax filings in the wake of recent reports that the Clintons traded influence for donations.  It seems like the Clinton Foundation operates as a slush fund for the Clintons,  said Bill Allison, a senior fellow at the Sunlight Foundation, a government watchdog group once run by leading progressive Democrat and Fordham Law professor Zephyr Teachout. In July 2013, Eric Braverman, a friend of Chelsea Clinton from when they both worked at McKinsey & Co., took over as CEO of the Clinton Foundation. He took home nearly $275,000 in salary, benefits and a housing allowance from the nonprofit for just five months  work in 2013, tax filings show. Less than a year later, his salary increased to $395,000, according to a report in Politico. Braverman abruptly left the foundation earlier this year, after a falling-out with the old Clinton guard over reforms he wanted to impose at the charity, Politico reported. Last month, Donna Shalala, a former secretary of health and human services under President Clinton, was hired to replace Braverman. Nine other executives received salaries over $100,000 in 2013, tax filings show. The group also failed to disclose millions of dollars it received in foreign donations from 2010 to 2012 and is hurriedly refiling five years  worth of tax returns after reporters raised questions about the discrepancies in its filings last week.Via: NY Post",0
21826,FULL VIDEO: THE BLOCKBUSTER INVESTIGATION INTO CLINTON CASH, ,0
21827,(VIDEO) HILLARY CLINTON: RELIGIOUS BELIEFS MUST BE CHANGED TO ACCOMMODATE ABORTION, ,0
21828,[Video] POLICE HAVE VERY GOOD REASON FOR BLOCKING NEWLY “ELECTED”MAYOR From Entering City Hall Office,"This mayor s involvement in potential illegal activity will get little attention this story will be a full blown case of racial injustice in 5 4 3 2 1  Betty McCray, newly-elected mayor of Kinloch, Missouri, showed up at City Hall this week to get to work. But when she arrived, the police wouldn t let her in the door.The reason why? Those non-existent illegal voters who cast ballots for the candidate.The election, which was held April 7, was hotly contested and the results have been questioned by McCray s opponents. However, the St. Louis County Board of Elections certified the results and swore McCray in after city officials refused to.The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that deputies met her in the parking lot, and she was served with articles of impeachment by City Attorney James Robinson. Robinson also told her that she was suspended.After being blocked from entering the building, McCray held a press conference in the parking lot:  I won. The people spoke,  McCray told the press after she had been served papers and told she could not enter the building.  I was sworn in by the St. Louis County. Today I take office. I want them out, I want the keys.  It was rumored that McCray was going to fire  multiple  city employees, once in office.Kinloch, which is located near Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, once  thrived with more than 10,000 residents.  But airport development has led to homes being purchased by the airport authority and demolished.Today, Kinloch, which has fewer than 300 residents, is marked by pilfered coffers, shady land deals and increasingly bitter fights over the last remnants of political power.During the past five years, the city has seen the imprisonment of a former mayor on federal fraud and theft charges, the hiring of a convicted felon as city manager, the selling of a previous city hall building to an alleged drug dealer and the unseating of at least two aldermen. McCray won the mayoral contest by garnering 38 votes compared to her opponent, the incumbent mayor s, 18.Prior to the election, the city alerted the County Board of Elections said that they believed there were 27 voters registered illegally. McCray s camp alleges that these voters were living in city-owned housing and evicted because they supported her.The bad blood goes back further. McCray is a former Alderman, who served under a mayor who has since been convicted of federal fraud charges. Members of the current administration accuse her of benefiting financially from land deals under that mayor, Keith Conway.McCray told Fox2 she was going to file an injunction in the St. Louis County courts, and then attempt to enter City Hall again.Via: IJReview",0
21829,NEW TV SHOW HAS COUPLES “Bravely” Putting Their Marriage On The Line By Sleeping With Strangers,"Television just doing their part to contribute to the moral decay of America Sex in a box in front of a studio audience having failed to save American marriages, the TV industry now will attempt to rescue the institution by trying a two-week spouse switch for wedded couples. FYI has greenlighted The Seven Year Switch, an eight-episode series in which married couples  bravely  put their marriage on the line by shacking up with a  new partner  for a couple weeks. Production is underway for the series to premiere this summer.It s named after The Seven Year Itch, the 1955 Broadway play-turned-Billy Wilder movie starring Marilyn Monroe and Tom Ewell. Hopefully that will be lost on most viewers of this series because if they saw it, they re too old to be FYI s target audience   or any network s for that matter.In today s announcement, FYI instead focused on the fact that someone at some point decided seven years marks the point in many marriages at which couples become  restless and dissatisfied  and might wonder why they d signed up with this guy instead of the doctor their mothers wanted them to marry. In the series, four couples  at a crossroads in their relationship    FYI did not say if they ve all been married seven years   get the chance to shack up with a stranger for two weeks in an  experimental marriage. They will eat, live and, yes,  sleep  with these total strangers, the network said.As with WE tv s recently pulled-due-to-lousy-ratings reality series Sex Box, relationship experts will help guide the Seven Year Switch couples through the process, FYI said. At the end of what the network explains is a monthlong experiment, each of the married couples will reunite and decide whether to divorce or renew their vows.Gena McCarthy, SVP Programming and Development at FYI, described it as an experiment to determine whether absence really does make the heart grow fonder, sidestepping the whole shacking-up-with-a-stranger part.Via: Deadline.com",0
21830,"FARRAKHAN DEVOTEE, COP HATER AND RAPPER, ‘KILLER MIKE’ To Speak At SOLD OUT Event At Prestigious MIT University","Rapper Killer Mike, will appear in front of a SOLD OUT audience at the prestigious MIT University today.  Here s a clip from an interview with Jew hater and racist Louis Farrakhan:He s a follower and admirer of this racist Jew hater. He s clearly one of the most angry black men in the  entertainment  business. After watching this interview, you will better understand the mentality of the protestors  on the streets who are getting in the faces of cops (of whom the majority are good men and women protecting and defending the citizens within their jurisdiction). It should be noted, that  Killer Mike s  dad was a police officer or  dirty pig  as he likes to call them.Killer Mike views rap as social activism, and never shies away from sharing his opinions on race and abuses of power. Whether he s condemning institutionalized corruption in  Reagan  or speaking out against police brutality with Run The Jewels   Close Your Eyes,  if Killer Mike thinks it s messed up, he s going to let you know.This Friday, April 24, MIT students will have the chance to hear how messed up race relations are, when Killer Mike delivers a lecture titled  Race Relations in the U.S.  at the school. According to the press release, he ll be talking about how current and advancing technology are shaping race relations. (We re guessing that he doesn t regard drone surveillance as a democratizing agent.) Chances are pretty good that Killer Mike will also be addressing the spate of well-publicized police shootings of young unarmed black men and their systemic social consequences.Here is an example of the most recent  music  video by Killer Mike.  ****WARNING****Violence and strong language***Killer Mike s lecture is the second in MIT s new Hip-Hop Speaker Series, which opened with Young Guru. The series is the result of a collaboration between the Arts at MIT and TapTape, an MIT-based music startup. The series  stated goal is to bring  together leaders in hip-hop with leading faculty and students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  That s a perfect opportunity for a mathematics seminar featuring Dr. Octagon and Dr. Roman Bezrukavnikov, Professor of Algebraic Geometry.While Killer Mike s lecture certainly sounds intriguing, Friday s lecture is exclusively available to MIT students and is already sold out. But if you re jonesing to hear Killer Mike drop some heated words, there s always the extremely-NSFW  Big Beast  video, featuring Bun B and T.I.We were going to include the  Big Beast  video, but after viewing this disturbing video, which includes nudity, horrific acts of violence and an attempted rape scene, we decided against it. The driver in the video is wearing a Ronald Reagan mask because  Killer Mike  believes that all of the problems plaguing the black community are as a result of Ronald Reagan s presidency. Please feel free to view it (if you are an adult) and you can stomach it at this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8-RmM5py1cVia: AV Club",0
21831,ACTORS QUIT “FERGUSON” PLAY DAYS BEFORE OPENING Because They Want Media’s Bogus “Hands Up Don’t Shoot” Version To Replace Actual Court Transcripts," These are people who claim to love diversity, and they don t love diversity   they just want people to agree with them.     Ferguson playwright Phelim McAleerVeteran actor Philip Casnoff hadn t read the full script yet when he arrived for the first rehearsal of  Ferguson,  a play chronicling the shooting of Michael Brown by a Missouri police officer.Casnoff thought he knew what the play, set for a four-day staged reading starting Sunday at the Odyssey Theater, would be about: the wilderness of testimony the grand jury navigated while investigating the day Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot the unarmed 18-year-old. Casnoff presumed a variety of viewpoints, the fog of truth.Then he read the script, which tells the story that Brown didn t have his hands up and that he charged at Wilson.Now, in a case of art imitating life, the play is experiencing the kind of ill will and mistrust that erupted from the city it attempts to portray. Part of the 13-member cast is in revolt   Casnoff and four others have quit   as the playwright and actors are locked in a fundamental disagreement over how to tell the story of Brown s death.Though the grand jury declined to indict Wilson after some witnesses and physical evidence supported his account of events, the tone of the play shocked some actors. It felt like the purpose of the piece was to show,  Of course he was not indicted   here s why,'  Casnoff said. He said that after he learned who the play s author was, Casnoff, who describes himself as  very liberal, left-wing-leaning,  thought,  Whoa, this is not the place for me to be. Through testimony taken from grand jury transcripts, the play ends with a witness telling a prosecutor that Wilson was justified in killing Brown. The audience is then supposed to vote on whether Wilson should have been indicted.The cast members who quit questioned the motivations of the playwright, Phelim McAleer.McAleer, a conservative filmmaker and journalist from Ireland now living in Marina del Rey, said he s just interested in the truth. The truth is the truth. If it doesn t fit in with their beliefs, they need to change their beliefs,  said McAleer, who declined to say whether Wilson should have been indicted but said his research shows the hands-up claim is bogus.  All the people who testified that he had his hands up, it was pretty much demolished in grand jury testimony. If the rest of the decidedly more liberal cast resigns   some actors are leaning that way   McAleer said he ll find a new cast. He also hopes to put the show on YouTube and bring the production to Ferguson itself. There s got to be some actors in L.A. who aren t scared of controversy,  he said.During the  Ferguson  rehearsal, the performers balked after realizing the only witness in McAleer s play who says Brown had his hands up is immediately discredited by an FBI agent.(Although some witnesses told investigators that Brown had his hands up, a Department of Justice report said many of those witnesses  accounts were recanted, debunked or inconsistent with physical evidence.)McAleer s play also ends with a damning exchange between a witness and prosecutor. Do you feel like this could have ended up any other way?  the prosecutor asks. Yeah, it could have, if Michael Brown had just stopped running  toward Wilson, says the witness, who is identified as Witness 48 in the grand jury transcripts, but who is given a pseudonym in the play and cast with a young black actress.  It could have ended another way. The officer had no other choice. No other choice, in other words, but to shoot Brown.After those lines were read by actors Deborah Puette and Sydney A. Mason, a kind of awkward quiet fell over the cast members, whose bodies had been bent like question marks as they stared down at their scripts in a rehearsal space near Culver City.The cast questioned the balance of the 55-page script, and even debated the justification for the shooting. Why not shoot him in the leg?  asked one actress, Donzaleigh Abernathy, cast to play a witness, her voice booming through the small, windowless space. He didn t have time!  responded a younger actor, also playing a witness.Several members requested changes to the script that would include adding another account more sympathetic to Brown to balance out the final witness  dramatic testimony. McAleer has rejected those requests, spurring some of the actors  departures. He claims that he wrote this to try to get to the truth of it, but everybody s truth is totally subjective,  said Veralyn Jones, an African American cast member who resigned.  When you come to the matter of what really happened, nobody really knows for sure, because everybody has a different take on it.   It just didn t feel right to me. One of the script s most heated critics has been Abernathy, who is the daughter of civil rights movement leader Ralph David Abernathy, who was with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. when he died. Abernathy, who is black, has not decided to leave the cast yet   at least not before she has the chance to meet McAleer at a cast meeting scheduled for Thursday night. I want to hear what he has to say face to face. I actually want to know, on a moral level, how can you do something like this that you know will divide America?  Abernathy asked.  Does it make you feel good? Obviously he has a personal agenda. What is his personal agenda? McAleer was unapologetic, and waved away criticism. These are people who claim to love diversity, and they don t love diversity   they just want people to agree with them,  he said.So with or without his cast, McAleer said, the show will go on.Via: LA Times",0
21832,OBAMA’S FUNDAMENTAL TRANSFORMATION: Census Record Shows In 8 Years You Won’t Recognize This Country,"Adios America Census: Record 51 million immigrants in 8 years, will account for 82% of U.S. growthWisconsin Gov. Scott Walker disrupted the debate this week when he said that legal immigration also needs to be reformed to make sure Americans don t suffer by losing jobs to new citizens.But even more, the CIS report said that the surge in mostly legal immigrants will have a huge impact on the nation and taxpayers. These numbers have important implications for workers, schools, infrastructure, congestion and the environment,  said Steven Camarota, the center s director of research.  They also may have implications for our ability to successfully assimilate and integrate immigrants. Yet there has been almost no national debate about bringing in so many people legally each year, which is the primary factor driving these numbers. Those numbers are likely to shake up Washington s political debate over the 12 million illegals in America, the expected 70,000 expected to pour over the border this year and the 4.4 million legal immigrants on a State Department waiting list who have relatives or jobs in the U.S.A key senator steering the immigration debate, Alabama Republican Jeff Sessions, has warned that higher numbers of immigrants will hurt the middle class. In a letter to the New York Times Saturday, he wrote,  It defies reason to argue that the record admission of new foreign workers has no negative effect on the wages of American workers, including the wages of past immigrants hoping to climb into the middle class. Why would many of the largest business groups in the United States spend millions lobbying for the admission of more foreign workers if such policies did not cut labor costs? On Friday, key business leaders including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a group associated with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg plan to pitch for more immigration. Their schedule is below.The numbers, as seen in the highlights below, will also raise concerns that Washington is giving the keys to the nation to new immigrants:  The immigrant population will grow four times faster than the native born population, reaching 15.8 percent, or 57 million, of the nation s population in 2030, 17.1 percent, or 65 million, in 2040, and 18.8 percent, or 78 million, in 2060.  Net immigration this year will be 1.24 million; green cards about 1.1 million.  Immigrants and their descendants  will account for the overwhelming share of population growth,  said the Center in projecting growth. They will account for 75.5 percent from 2010-2050 and 82 percent from 2010-2060.  Census Bureau projects that in 2023 the nation s immigrant population, legal and illegal, will reach 14.8 percent of the total U.S. population, the highest share ever recorded.Via: Washington Examiner",0
21833,PULITZER PRIZE WINNING AUTHOR TONI MORRISON: “I want to see a cop shoot a white unarmed teenager in the back”,"The recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama in 2012 had this to say when asked about racism: And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Age hasn t dimmed the fire in Toni Morrison, 84. The unwavering voice of black America talks about her latest novel and what it will take for racism to be a thing of the past.Toni Morrison is, without a doubt, a world-class novelist. Her work as an editor, however, has received much less attention. Morrison worked at Random House for 20 years, leaving in 1983, just before she set out to write her Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Beloved.At her apartment in lower Manhattan, I ask her about the ways in which American literature has changed, and she volunteers that she  had something to do with that . But she is not referring to her own fiction.  I said, I can t march, I have small children,  she tells me.  I m not the marching type anyway. So when I went into publishing, I thought, the best I can do is to publish the works of those who are out there   like Angela Davis, Huey Newton   and the literature. And let it be edited by someone who understands the language, and understands the culture. Last summer Morrison came to the Hay Festival and made three appearances over three days. In the course of those conversations, she touched on this issue a number of times, spinning it out, examining it, not tub-thumping but the opposite, as if there were still nothing conclusive to say. The question of race, she reflected,  is not static. You just have to swim in it for a bit .Since then, Eric Garner has been strangled by white policemen on Staten Island, Michael Brown has been shot by white policemen in Ferguson, Walter Scott has been shot by a white policeman in South Carolina.  People keep saying,  We need to have a conversation about race,  she says now.  This is the conversation. I want to see a cop shoot a white unarmed teenager in the back,  Morrison says finally.  And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Toni Morrison   who was then Chloe Wofford   grew up understanding none of this. In the small industrial town of Lorain in Ohio, where she was raised, the stories told by her Southern parents seemed unreal. Her father was a welder in the shipyards. Most of their neighbours were European immigrants, and in her high-school yearbook there were only two other black students.Had her father really witnessed a lynching when he was 14? Did they really have separate water fountains for white and coloured people in Georgia? It was only when she went to Howard University, a historically black college in Washington, DC, that she began to realise how things were. And off-campus, in the late 1940s, the city was segregated. She stole one of the wooden bars used to keep blacks at the back of buses and sent it to her mother as a grim keepsake.Morrison began to feel an affinity, a fascination. What emerged was a career-long project to   in her words    turn the gaze . She didn t want to write in order to persuade white people, as the abolitionists Frederick Douglass or Solomon Northup had. She wasn t interested in assuming a white person s worldview, like the mid-20th century writer Ralph Ellison ( Invisible to whom?  she says of his famous novel The Invisible Man). She didn t want to join in the black power cries of  screw whitey . When the revolutionary 1960s turned into the 1970s, she wanted to say,  Before we get on to the  black is beautiful  thing, may I remind you what it was like before, when it was lethal? So she wrote from the point of view of little black girls in her first two books, of 17th-century slaves in Mercy, of a child killed by her mother to save her from suffering in Beloved. She combined the metaphorical stories of her grandparents with the facts on the ground, and arrived at what she calls  imaginative resistance . To tell a tale, you have to pick up its pieces, she once suggested, comparing storytellers to Hansel and Gretel.  Their momma doesn t want them. They leave a little trail. That trail is language. In words that are simple and cadences that are sometimes incantatory, through action that is both true to life and magical in its habits of thought, Morrison has conveyed a series of black perspectives, thrown her readers into a world they had not previously met in fiction, and realigned American history by choosing the people through whom it might be told.Via: Telegraph UK",0
21834,WHY THESE ARMY ROTC CADETS WERE PRESSURED INTO WEARING HEELS WILL HAVE YOU SEEING RED…,"The wu$$ification of our military Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory. Attendance is mandatory and if we miss it we get a negative counseling and a  does not support the battalion sharp/EO mission  on our CDT OER for getting the branch we want. So I just spent $16 on a pair of high heels that I have to spray paint red later on only to throw them in the trash after about 300 of us embarrass the U.S. Army tomorrow,  one anonymous cadet wrote on the social media sharing website Imgr, IJReview reported Monday.In a Reddit Army thread on the subject   titled  Okay, who put the cadets up to this?    one user said the claims were legitimate and added,  I just don t understand why [General] Combs would court political controversy like this. Isn t the military supposed to avoid faddish political movement and religious issues. Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory.Via: Washington Times",0
21835,[VIDEO] ABOVE THE LAW: Hillary’s Campaign Van Caught Going 92 in a 65 mph Zone,"The laws don t apply to the Clinton s they re just for the  Everyday Americans Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign bus (known as the  Scooby Van ) reportedly led reporters on a high-speed chase Monday, breaking several traffic laws in the process.Among those chasing the van were reporters with the UK tabloid Daily Mail.  If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary s signature black conversion van  hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89, where the top speed limit is 65,  writes Daily Mail U.S. Political Editor David Martasko.Later in the day, the van later hit 73 in a 55 mph zone on its way to Claremont, New Hampshire. According to the Daily Mail, at no point did anyone in Clinton s motorcade display flashing lights or a siren. (WATCH: Desperate Media Gaggle Chase Down Hillary s Van Like Crazed Beatles Fans)Video courtesy of UK Daily MailThe reason for all these high-speed races? Clinton was visiting a number of politically-connected New Hampshirites in non-public events, including former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen and an aide to Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen.Via: Daily Caller",0
21836,UPDATED VIDEO: IS THIS AMERICA? CONSERVATIVES And Their Families Experience SHOCKING ABUSE And SHAMING In Their Homes Ordered By Leftist DA As Part Of Insane Vendetta,"This story should send chills down the spine of every American. Communism is on our doorstep THEY CAME WITH A BATTERING RAM. Cindy Archer, one of the lead architects of Wisconsin s Act 10   also called the  Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill,  it limited public-employee benefits and altered collective-bargaining rules for public-employee unions   was jolted awake by yelling, loud pounding at the door, and her dogs  frantic barking. The entire house   the windows and walls   was shaking.She looked outside to see up to a dozen police officers, yelling to open the door. They were carrying a battering ram. She wasn t dressed, but she started to run toward the door, her body in full view of the police. Some yelled at her to grab some clothes, others yelled for her to open the door. I was so afraid,  she says.  I did not know what to do.  She grabbed some clothes, opened the door, and dressed right in front of the police. The dogs were still frantic. I begged and begged,  Please don t shoot my dogs, please don t shoot my dogs, just don t shoot my dogs.  I couldn t get them to stop barking, and I couldn t get them outside quick enough. I saw a gun and barking dogs. I was scared and knew this was a bad mix.  She got the dogs safely out of the house, just as multiple armed agents rushed inside.Some even barged into the bathroom, where her partner was in the shower. The officer or agent in charge demanded that Cindy sit on the couch, but she wanted to get up and get a cup of coffee.  I told him this was my house and I could do what I wanted.  Wrong thing to say.  This made the agent in charge furious. He towered over me with his finger in my face and yelled like a drill sergeant that I either do it his way or he would handcuff me. They wouldn t let her speak to a lawyer.She looked outside and saw a person who appeared to be a reporter. Someone had tipped him off. The neighbors started to come outside, curious at the commotion, and all the while the police searched her house, making a mess, and   according to Cindy   leaving her  dead mother s belongings strewn across the basement floor in a most disrespectful way. Then they left, carrying with them only a cellphone and a laptop.Here is a videotaped interview of a neighbor who witnessed the police invasion of her home: IT S A MATTER OF LIFE OR DEATH.  That was the first thought of  Anne  (not her real name).Someone was pounding at her front door. It was early in the morning   very early   and it was the kind of heavy pounding that meant someone was either fleeing from   or bringing   trouble.  It was so hard. I d never heard anything like it. I thought someone was dying outside. She ran to the door, opened it, and then chaos.  People came pouring in. For a second I thought it was a home invasion. It was terrifying. They were yelling and running, into every room in the house. One of the men was in my face, yelling at me over and over and over. It was indeed a home invasion, but the people who were pouring in were Wisconsin law-enforcement officers. Armed, uniformed police swarmed into the house. Plainclothes investigators cornered her and her newly awakened family.Soon, state officials were seizing the family s personal property, including each person s computer and smartphone, filled with the most intimate family information.Why were the police at Anne s home? She had no answers. The police were treating them the way they d seen police treat drug dealers on television. In fact, TV or movies were their only points of reference, because they weren t criminals. They were law-abiding. They didn t buy or sell drugs. They weren t violent. They weren t a danger to anyone. Yet there were cops   surrounding their house on the outside, swarming the house on the inside.They even taunted the family as if they were mere  perps. As if the home invasion, the appropriation of private property, and the verbal abuse weren t enough, next came ominous warnings.Don t call your lawyer. Don t tell anyone about this raid. Not even your mother, your father, or your closest friends.The entire neighborhood could see the police around their house, but they had to remain silent. This was not the  right to remain silent  as uttered by every cop on every legal drama on television   the right against self-incrimination.They couldn t mount a public defense if they wanted   or even offer an explanation to family and friends. Yet no one in this family was a  perp. Instead, like Cindy, they were American citizens guilty of nothing more than exercising their First Amendment rights to support Act 10 and other conservative causes in Wisconsin. Sitting there shocked and terrified, this citizen   who is still too intimidated to speak on the record   kept thinking,  Is this America? THEY FOLLOWED ME TO MY KIDS  ROOMS.  For the family of  Rachel  (not her real name), the ordeal began before dawn   with the same loud, insistent knocking. Still in her pajamas, Rachel answered the door and saw uniformed police, poised to enter her home.When Rachel asked to wake her children herself, the officer insisted on walking into their rooms. The kids woke to an armed officer, standing near their beds. The entire family was herded into one room, and there they watched as the police carried off their personal possessions, including items that had nothing to do with the subject of the search warrant   even her daughter s computer.And, yes, there were the warnings. Don t call your lawyer. Don t talk to anyone about this. Don t tell your friends.The kids watched   alarmed   as the school bus drove by, with the students inside watching the spectacle of uniformed police surrounding the house, carrying out the family s belongings. Yet they were told they couldn t tell anyone at school. They, too, had to remain silent.The mom watched as her entire life was laid open before the police. Her professional files, her personal files, everything. She knew this was all politics. She knew a rogue prosecutor was targeting her for her political beliefs. And she realized,  Every aspect of my life is in their hands. And they hate me. Fortunately for her family, the police didn t taunt her or her children. Some of them seemed embarrassed by what they were doing. At the end of the ordeal, one officer looked at the family, still confined to one room, and said,  Some days, I hate my job. For dozens of conservatives, the years since Scott Walker s first election as governor of Wisconsin transformed the state   known for pro-football championships, good cheese, and a population with a reputation for being unfailingly polite   into a place where conservatives have faced early-morning raids, multi-year secretive criminal investigations, slanderous and selective leaks to sympathetic media, and intrusive electronic snooping.Yes, Wisconsin, the cradle of the progressive movement and home of the  Wisconsin idea    the marriage of state governments and state universities to govern through technocratic reform   was giving birth to a new progressive idea, the use of law enforcement as a political instrument, as a weapon to attempt to undo election results, shame opponents, and ruin lives.Most Americans have never heard of these raids, or of the lengthy criminal investigations of Wisconsin conservatives. For good reason. Bound by comprehensive secrecy orders, conservatives were left to suffer in silence as leaks ruined their reputations, as neighbors, looking through windows and dismayed at the massive police presence, the lights shining down on targets  homes, wondered, no doubt, What on earth did that family do?This was the on-the-ground reality of the so-called John Doe investigations, expansive and secret criminal proceedings that directly targeted Wisconsin residents because of their relationship to Scott Walker, their support for Act 10, and their advocacy of conservative reform.Largely hidden from the public eye, this traumatic process, however, is now heading toward a legal climax, with two key rulings expected in the late spring or early summer.The first ruling, from the Wisconsin supreme court, could halt the investigations for good, in part by declaring that the  misconduct  being investigated isn t misconduct at all but the simple exercise of First Amendment rights.The second ruling, from the United States Supreme Court, could grant review on a federal lawsuit brought by Wisconsin political activist Eric O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth, the first conservatives to challenge the investigations head-on.If the Court grants review, it could not only halt the investigations but also begin the process of holding accountable those public officials who have so abused their powers.But no matter the outcome of these court hearings, the damage has been done. In the words of Mr. O Keefe,  The process is the punishment. UPDATED VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BLAZE TV s DANA LOESCH:It all began innocently enough. In 2009, officials from the office of the Milwaukee County executive contacted the office of the Milwaukee district attorney, headed by John Chisholm, to investigate the disappearance of $11,242.24 from the Milwaukee chapter of the Order of the Purple Heart.The matter was routine, with witnesses willing and able to testify against the principal suspect, a man named Kevin Kavanaugh.What followed, however, was anything but routine. Chisholm failed to act promptly on the report, and when he did act, he refused to conduct a conventional criminal investigation but instead petitioned, in May 2010, to open a  John Doe  investigation, a proceeding under Wisconsin law that permits Wisconsin officials to conduct extensive investigations while keeping the target s identity secret (hence the designation  John Doe ).John Doe investigations alter typical criminal procedure in two important ways: First, they remove grand juries from the investigative process, replacing the ordinary citizens of a grand jury with a supervising judge.Second, they can include strict secrecy requirements not just on the prosecution but also on the targets of the investigation. In practice, this means that, while the prosecution cannot make public comments about the investigation, it can take public actions indicating criminal suspicion (such as raiding businesses and homes in full view of the community) while preventing the targets of the raids from defending against or even discussing the prosecution s claims.Why would Chisholm seek such broad powers to investigate a year-old embezzlement claim with a known suspect? Because the Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker, had by that time become the leading Republican candidate for governor. District Attorney Chisholm was a Democrat, a very partisan Democrat.Almost immediately after opening the John Doe investigation, Chisholm used his expansive powers to embarrass Walker, raiding his county-executive offices within a week.As Mr. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth explained in court filings, the investigation then dramatically expanded: Over the next few months, [Chisholm s] investigation of all-things-Walker expanded to include everything from alleged campaign-finance violations to sexual misconduct to alleged public contracting bid-rigging to alleged misuse of county time and property.Between May 5, 2010, and May 3, 2012, the Milwaukee Defendants filed at least eighteen petitions to formally  [e]nlarge  the scope of the John Doe investigation, and each was granted. . .That amounts to a new formal inquiry every five and a half weeks, on average, for two years.This expansion coincided with one of the more remarkable state-level political controversies in modern American history   the protest (and passage) of Act 10, followed by the attempted recall of a number of Wisconsin legislators and, ultimately, Governor Walker.Political observers will no doubt remember the events in Madison   the state capitol overrun by chanting protesters, Democratic lawmakers fleeing the state to prevent votes on the legislation, and tens of millions of dollars of outside money flowing into the state as Wisconsin became, fundamentally, a proxy fight pitting the union-led Left against the Tea Party led economic Right.At the same time that the public protests were raging, so were private   but important   protests in the Chisholm home and workplace.As a former prosecutor told journalist Stuart Taylor, Chisholm s wife was a teachers -union shop steward who was distraught over Act 10 s union reforms. He said Chisholm  felt it was his personal duty  to stop them. Meanwhile, according to this whistleblower, the district attorney s offices were festooned with the  blue fist  poster of the labor-union movement, indicating that Chisholm s employees were very much invested in the political fight.In the end, the John Doe proceeding failed in its ultimate aims. It secured convictions for embezzlement (related to the original 2009 complaint), a conviction for sexual misconduct, and a few convictions for minor campaign violations, but Governor Walker was untouched, his reforms were implemented, and he survived his recall election. But with another election looming   this time Walker s campaign for reelection   Chisholm wasn t finished.He launched yet another John Doe investigation,  supervised  by Judge Barbara Kluka. Kluka proved to be capable of superhuman efficiency   approving  every petition, subpoena, and search warrant in the case  in a total of one day s work.If the first series of John Doe investigations was  everything Walker,  the second series was  everything conservative,  as Chisholm had launched an investigation of not only Walker (again) but the Wisconsin Club for Growth and dozens of other conservative organizations, this time fishing for evidence of allegedly illegal  coordination  between conservative groups and the Walker campaign.In the second John Doe, Chisholm had no real evidence of wrongdoing. Yes, conservative groups were active in issue advocacy, but issue advocacy was protected by the First Amendment and did not violate relevant campaign laws.Nonetheless, Chisholm persuaded prosecutors in four other counties to launch their own John Does, with Judge Kluka overseeing all of them.Empowered by a rubber-stamp judge, partisan investigators ran amok. They subpoenaed and obtained (without the conservative targets  knowledge) massive amounts of electronic data, including virtually all the targets  personal e-mails and other electronic messages from outside e-mail vendors and communications companies.The investigations exploded into the open with a coordinated series of raids on October 3, 2013. These were home invasions, including those described above. Chisholm s office refused to comment on the raid tactics (or any other aspect of the John Doe investigations), but witness accounts regarding the two John Doe investigations are remarkably similar: early-morning intrusions, police rushing through the house, and stern commands to remain silent and tell no one about what had occurred.At the same time, the Wisconsin Club for Growth and other conservative organizations received broad subpoenas requiring them to turn over virtually all business records, including  donor information, correspondence with their associates, and all financial information.  The subpoenas also contained dire warnings about disclosure of their existence, threatening contempt of court if the targets spoke publicly.For select conservative families across five counties, this was the terrifying moment   the moment they felt at the mercy of a truly malevolent state.Speaking both on and off the record, targets reflected on how many layers of Wisconsin government failed their fundamental constitutional duties   the prosecutors who launched the rogue investigations, the judge who gave the abuse judicial sanction, investigators who chose to taunt and intimidate during the raids, and those police who ultimately approved and executed aggressive search tactics on law-abiding, peaceful citizens.For some of the families, the trauma of the raids, combined with the stress and anxiety of lengthy criminal investigations, has led to serious emotional repercussions.  Devastating  is how Anne describes the impact on her family.  Life-changing,  she says.  All in terrible ways. O Keefe, who has been in contact with multiple targeted families, says,  Every family I know of that endured a home raid has been shaken to its core, and the fate of marriages and families still hangs in the balance in some cases. Anne also describes a new fear of the police:  I used to support the police, to believe they were here to protect us. Now, when I see an officer, I ll cross the street. I m afraid of them. I know what they re capable of.  Cindy says,  I lock my doors and I close my shades. I don t answer the door unless I am expecting someone. My heart races when I see a police car sitting in front of my house or following me in the car.The raid was so public. I ve been harassed. My house has been vandalized. [She did not identify suspects.] I no longer feel safe, and I don t think I ever will. Rachel talks about the effect on her children.  I tried to create a home where the kids always feel safe. Now they know they re not. They know men with guns can come in their house, and there s nothing we can do.  Every knock on the door brings anxiety. Every call to the house is screened. In the back of her mind is a single, unsettling thought: These people will never stop.Victims of trauma   and every person I spoke with described the armed raids as traumatic   often need to talk, to share their experiences and seek solace in the company of a loving family and supportive friends. The investigators denied them that privilege, and it compounded their pain and fear. The investigation not only damaged families, it also shut down their free speech. In many cases, the investigations halted conservative groups in their tracks.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth described the effect in court filings: O Keefe s associates began cancelling meetings with him and declining to take his calls, reasonably fearful that merely associating with him could make them targets of the investigation.O Keefe was forced to abandon fundraising for the Club because he could no longer guarantee to donors that their identities would remain confidential, could not (due to the Secrecy Order) explain to potential donors the nature of the investigation, could not assuage donors  fears that they might become targets themselves, and could not assure donors that their money would go to fund advocacy rather than legal expenses.The Club was also paralyzed. Its officials could not associate with its key supporters, and its funds were depleted. It could not engage in issue advocacy for fear of criminal sanction.These raids and subpoenas were often based not on traditional notions of probable cause but on mere suspicion, untethered to the law or evidence, and potentially violating the Fourth Amendment s prohibition against  unreasonable searches and seizures.  The very existence of First Amendment protected expression was deemed to be evidence of illegality.The prosecution simply assumed that the conservatives were incapable of operating within the bounds of the law. Even worse, many of the investigators  legal theories, even if proven by the evidence, would not have supported criminal prosecutions. In other words, they were investigating  crimes  that weren t crimes at all.If the prosecutors had applied the same legal standards to the Democrats in their own offices, they would have been forced to turn the raids on themselves. If the prosecutors and investigators had been raided, how many of their computers and smartphones would have contained incriminating information indicating use of government resources for partisan purposes?With the investigations now bursting out into the open, some conservatives began to fight back. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth moved to quash the John Doe subpoenas aimed at them.In a surprise move, Judge Kluka, who had presided over the Doe investigations for more than a year, recused herself from the case. (A political journal, the Wisconsin Reporter, attempted to speak to Judge Kluka about her recusal, but she refused to offer comment.)The new judge in the case, Gregory Peterson, promptly sided with O Keefe and blocked multiple subpoenas, holding (in a sealed opinion obtained by the Wall Street Journal, which has done invaluable work covering the John Doe investigations) that they  do not show probable cause that the moving parties committed any violations of the campaign finance laws. The judge noted that  the State is not claiming that any of the independent organizations expressly advocated  Walker s election. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth followed up Judge Peterson s ruling by filing a federal lawsuit against Chisholm and a number of additional defendants, alleging multiple constitutional violations, including a claim that the investigation constituted unlawful retaliation against the plaintiffs for the exercise of their First Amendment rights.United States District Court judge Rudolph Randa promptly granted the plaintiffs  motion for a preliminary injunction, declaring that  the Defendants must cease all activities related to the investigation, return all property seized in the investigation from any individual or organization, and permanently destroy all copies of information and other materials obtained through the investigation. From that point forward, the case proceeded on parallel state and federal tracks. At the federal level, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Judge Randa s order.Declining to consider the case on the merits, the appeals court found the lawsuit barred by the federal Anti-Injunction Act, which prohibits federal courts from issuing injunctions against some state-court proceedings.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth have petitioned the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari and expect a ruling in a matter of weeks.At the same time, the John Doe prosecutors took their case to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals to attempt to restart the Doe proceedings. The case was ultimately consolidated before the state supreme court, with a ruling also expected in a matter of weeks.And so, almost five years after their secret beginning, the John Doe proceedings are nearly dead   on  life support,  according to one Wisconsin pundit   but incalculable damage has been done, to families, to activist organizations, to the First Amendment, and to the rule of law itself.In international law, the Western world has become familiar with a concept called  lawfare,  a process whereby rogue regimes or organizations abuse legal doctrines and processes to accomplish through sheer harassment and attrition what can t be accomplished through legitimate diplomatic means. The Palestinian Authority and its defenders have become adept at lawfare, putting Israel under increasing pressure before the U.N. and other international bodies.The John Doe investigations are a form of domestic lawfare, and our constitutional system is ill equipped to handle it. Federal courts rarely intervene in state judicial proceedings, state officials rarely lose their array of official immunities for the consequences of their misconduct, and violations of First Amendment freedoms rarely result in meaningful monetary damages for the victims.As Scott Walker runs for president, the national media will finally join the Wall Street Journal in covering John Doe.Given the mainstream media s typical bias and bad faith, they are likely to bring a fresh round of pain to the targets of the investigation; the cloud of suspicion will descend once again; even potential favorable court rulings by either the state supreme court or the U.S. Supreme Court will be blamed on  conservative justices  taking care of their own.Conservatives have looked at Wisconsin as a success story, where Walker took everything the Left threw at him and emerged victorious in three general elections. He broke the power of the teachers  unions and absorbed millions upon millions of dollars of negative ads. The Left kept chanting,  This is what democracy looks like,  and in Wisconsin, democracy looked like Scott Walker winning again and again.Yet in a deeper way, Wisconsin is anything but a success. There were casualties left on the battlefield   innocent citizens victimized by a lawless government mob, public officials who brought the full power of their office down onto the innocent.Governors come and go. Statutes are passed and repealed. Laws and elections are important, to be sure, but the rule of law is more important still. And in Wisconsin, the rule of law hangs in the balance   along with the liberty of citizens.As I finished an interview with one victim still living in fear, still shattered by the experience of nearly losing everything simply because she supported the wrong candidate at the wrong time, I asked whether she had any final thoughts.  Just one,  she replied.  I m hoping for accountability, that someone will be held responsible so that they ll never do this again.  She paused for a moment and then, with voice trembling, said:  No one should ever endure what my family endured. Via: National Review",0
21837,5-Star Mooch and Free-Loading Granny Drop In For Lunch In New York On The Taxpayer’s Dime…,"Nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom No other mother-in-law of a President in the history of the United States has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of Mooch s mom, Marian Robinson. Thanks to Mooch and Barack s generosity with other people s money, she has become accustomed living the high life in our White House. She s been the recipient of an excessive number taxpayer funded luxury vacations planned by Mooch for their extended family and friends.Enjoying a perfect spring day in New York City, the First Lady and  Grandmother-in-chief , Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village.The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the  Chef s Roman Tasting Menu .Outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two.Here a just a few photos from taxpayer funded trips with Mooch and Marian:The taxpayers have been good to Mooch and Marian. As word spread that the First Lady and her mom were dining inside, resident s in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes, keen to get a look.Via: Daily Mail ",0
21838,DEATH PANELS? PRINCETON PROFESSOR WANTS TO KILL DISABLED BABIES And Wants Obamacare To Pay For It,"Hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man According to an article published Sunday by World Net Daily, a Princeton University professor has suggested that severely disabled infants be killed to cut health care costs and for moral reasons. In a radio interview Sunday with Aaron Klein, broadcast on New York s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia s NewsTalk 990 AM, Princeton University ethics professor Peter Singer argued it is  reasonable  for government or private insurance companies to deny treatment to severely disabled babies.Several times during the interview Singer argued the health-care system under Obamacare should openly acknowledge health-care rationing and that the country should acknowledge the necessity of  intentionally ending the lives of severely disabled infants.  Singer also repeatedly referred to a disabled infant as  it  during the interview.According the WND, Singer is well-known for his controversial views on abortion and infanticide. He essentially argues the right to life is related to a being s capacity for intelligence and to hold life preferences, which in turn is directly related to a capacity to feel and comprehend pain and pleasure.Singer told Klein rationing is already happening, saying doctors and hospitals routinely make decisions based on costs. Klein is the host of  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  a syndicated radio program that airs in several markets across the US. Klein is also a columnist at WND. It s different in the U.S. system, in a way, because it doesn t do this overtly; maybe it doesn t do it as much,  Singer explained.  And the result is it spends about twice as much on health care as some other countries for very little extra benefit in terms of the outcome. During the interview Klein quoted from a section of Singer s 1993 treatise  Practical Ethics,  titled  Taking Life: Humans.  In the section, Singer argued for the morality of  non-voluntary euthanasia  for human beings not capable of understanding the choice between life and death, including  severely disabled infants, and people who through accident, illness, or old age have permanently lost the capacity to understand the issue involved. Singer contends that the wrongness of killing a human being is not based on the fact that the individual is alive and human. Instead, Singer argues it is  characteristics like rationality, autonomy, and self-consciousness that make a difference.  When asked by Klein whether he envisions denying treatment to disabled infants to become more common in the US under the new health-care law, Singer replied:  It does happen. Not necessarily because of costs. If an infant is born with a massive hemorrhage in the brain that means it will be so severely disabled that if the infant lives it will never even be able to recognize its mother, it won t be able to interact with any other human being, it will just lie there in the bed and you could feed it but that s all that will happen, doctors will turn off the respirator that is keeping that infant alive. I don t know whether they are influenced by reducing costs,  Singer continued.  Probably they are just influenced by the fact that this will be a terrible burden for the parents to look after, and there will be no quality of life for the child. So we are already taking steps that quite knowingly and intentionally are ending the lives of severely disabled infants. And I think we ought to be more open in recognizing that this happens. Klein then asked singer,  I know that it happens and it happens certainly if the family gives consent. But do you think in the future in order to ensure a more fair rationing of health-care and health-care costs, that it should actually be instituted more? The killing of severely disabled babies? Singer responded by saying the killing of infants would be  quite reasonable  if it saved money that can be used for better purposes. He contended that most people would say they don t want their premiums to be higher  so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Singer s full response: I think if you had a health-care system in which governments were trying to say,  Look, there are some things that don t provide enough benefits given the costs of those treatments. And if we didn t do them we would be able to do a lot more good for other people who have better prospects, then yes.I think it would be reasonable for governments to say,  This treatment is not going to be provided on the national health service if it s a country with a national health service. Or in the United States on Medicare or Medicade. And I think it will be reasonable for insurance companies also to say,  You know, we won t insure you for this or we won t insure you for this unless you are prepared to pay an extra premium, or perhaps they have a fund with lower premiums for people who don t want to insure against that. Because I think most people, when they think about that, would say that s quite reasonable. You know, I don t want my health insurance premiums to be higher so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Via: Examiner.com",0
21839,FIRST GRADE TEACHER READS TRANSGENDER BOOK TO STUDENTS ABOUT How A Boy Came To The Realization He Was Really A Girl,"Seriously? FIRST GRADE? When are parents going to stand up and say they ve had enough?!!Officials at Mitchell Primary School are apologizing after a book about a transgender child was read to most of the school s K-3 students. We have a practice of if a topic is considered sensitive, parents should be informed,  superintendent Allyn Hutton told SeaCoastOnline.com. In this situation, that didn t happen. The whole culture at Mitchell School is about teaching tolerance and respect. The people presenting the lesson thought (the book) was one more piece of teaching that lesson. In retrospect, we understand that toleration is tolerating people of all opinions,  Hutton said.Criticism flooded the district after Fox News host Sean Hannity posted about the lesson on his website, prompted by a Mitchell school mother who was angry she wasn t given advanced warning that teachers were reading students the book  I am Jazz  by Jessica Herthel and Jazz Jennings, the news site reports.The book details the struggles of a child  with a boy s body and a girl s brain,  who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender.From the book s description on Amazon.com: From the time she was two years old, Jazz knew that she had a girl s brain in a boy s body. She loved pink and dressing up as a mermaid and didn t feel like herself in boys  clothing. This confused her family, until they took her to a doctor who said that Jazz was transgender and that she was born that way. Jazz s story is based on her real-life experience and she tells it in a simple, clear way that will be appreciated by picture book readers, their parents, and teachers. The mother wrote in to Hannity.com to express her frustration that she wasn t given a heads up about the lesson, which was read out loud to students in 20 of Mitchell s 22 classes. I feel like my thoughts, feelings and beliefs were completely ignored .My right as a parent to allow or not allow this discussion with my child was taken from me,  the mother wrote.  It is very upsetting to me that I didn t have an option at all. The mother said she tried to approach school officials about her concerns but was given the cold shoulder. When I spoke with the principal he was very cold about it,  she said.  It s amazing how thoughtless the school has been with this whole thing. Hannity contacted Hutton with specific questions about the lesson and received  an anemic response. I have spoken with the principal at Mitchell School who has been working with their guidance counselor to appropriately manage this situation and provide the appropriate information for the children at this age level,  Hutton said. All information has been posted on the school s guidance blog for parent review. That blog, written by guidance counselor Dana Richerich, contends  some people may think primary school students are too young to worry about addressing issues surrounding gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) students. Not so, experts say. It s never too early to begin teaching children about respecting differences. When our students and their parents have questions related to LGBTQ issues, our goal is to foster healthy dialog (sic), critical thinking and inclusiveness. With that in mind, our conversations include all students and perspectives to create a safe and supportive school climate,  the blog reads.The critical LGBTQ thinking, however, seems to have confused at least one student. The mother who wrote in to Hannity said her son s now confused about whether he s transgender.The boy asked his mother if he s transgender, or if he could be  a girl in love with a girl. The mother says that up until time the topic was brought up in school, her son had never said anything like that before,  according to Hannity.com. I was taken aback by it,  the mother said.  Being seven, once you put something in their mind they don t forget so easily. Via: EAG News",0
21840,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN COLLEGE STUDENTS ARE ASKED “Are you ready for Hillary”,"Listen to the mind boggling answers to these questions asked by Caleb Bonham, founder of Campus Reform. Just for fun, we ve included the latest ad by the AmericaRisingPAC (You won t want to miss it. We promise it s pretty awesome!)What is the biggest reason you re voting for Hillary?What is the #1 reason you would support a woman President?Like if I said I support Scott Walker because he s a man would that be sexist? Do you think that s a qualifying factor to be President, the Commander in Chief that she s a woman? WATCH THIS AMAZING NEW ANTI-HILLARY AD BY THE AMERICA RISING PAC:",0
21841,ONLY 25% OF DOWN SYNDROME BABIES ARE ALLOWED TO BE BORN…This ‘Flying Baby’ Might Make Some People Re-think That Decision,"Alan noticed his son liked to lay on his belly and pretend he was flying.One day he edited an image to make it appear as though Wil was floating in mid-air. Our family and friends loved this idea and it soon became a weekly thing on my Instagram to see where Wil had been flying that week. These photos soon took on a whole new meaning for us as we began to consider some of the unique challenges he will face as he grows up,  Alan said.Alan Lawrence s son can fly, and he s not even 2 years old!This is Wil. The youngest of five children, Wil s family had no idea he would be born with Down syndrome.When baby William was born, his family didn t expect him to have Down syndrome. Although they were unsure of what that meant and what the future held for them, his parents didn t have a second thought about loving him the same way they loved their four other children.In case you haven t noticed, Wil can fly.While those with Down syndrome have unique circumstances, they prove every day that those circumstances should not be confused with limitations. Wil has always wanted to fly ever since he learned to roll on his stomach. When on his stomach he likes to throw his arms behind his back and wiggle his feet and my family and I have always joked that he will one day take off. This is Wil flying with his dad, Alan. When Wil was first born, Alan admits that for a moment he could only focus on what Wil wouldn t be able to do. We don t have to give up all the things we love to do as a family because Wil has Down syndrome. He helps us slow down and find the joy in life.  Well said! Our family with Wil is happy. We want to show the world that you can have a happy life with a child with Down syndrome. The photos went viral, and now Wil s family is hoping to release a calendar of the pictures to help spread awareness about Down syndrome. Via: Littlethings.comYou can help by visiting their Kickstarter here!By now, most pro-lifers have heard the cruel and elitist comments made by Richard Dawkins about aborting Down syndrome babies. Dawkins claims that the  ethical  choice is to abort all babies with Down syndrome, even though these children often lead happy lives and enrich their families and society.An NBC article by Kimbery Hayes Taylor describes the results of 3 studies conducted by Boston Children s Hospital. In the first study, out of 2,044 parents or guardians surveyed, 79% reported their outlook on life was  more positive  because of their child with Down syndrome.A second study found that among siblings of children with Down syndrome, 97% expressed feelings of pride for their brother or sister and 88% were convinced that they were better people because of their sibling. This study polled siblings over the age of 12.A third study focused on the feelings and attitudes of people with Down syndrome themselves. Among adults with Down, 99% said they were happy with their lives and 97% said they liked who they were. 96% said they liked the way they looked. You would probably not find such high numbers among the general public. According to the study, Down syndrome children grow up to be happy adults.And yet the abortion rate for Down syndrome babies is tragically high. Some studies put the number at 90%. Our culture puts so much value on independence and individual achievement that human beings who do not  measure up  to certain standards can be rejected and aborted. Children become commodities that can be tested and found wanting and then destroyed. Only if they pass a criteria established by their parents are they judged acceptable and allowed to be born.Rayna Rapp, a former abortion clinic worker who aborted a baby with Down syndrome herself, conducted a survey of women and couples who sought amniocentesis to screen for Down syndrome and other problems with their babies. All of the interviewees intended to abort if the baby was found to have Down syndrome. Some of the things that these parents say about Down syndrome children are deeply troubling to anyone who values life. Here are some comments from men and women who said they would abort if the test came back positive for Down.I would have a very hard time dealing with a retarded child. Retardation is relative, it could be so negligible that the child is normal, or so severe that the child has nothing  All of the sharing things you want to do, the things you want to share with a child   that, to me, is the essence of being a father. There would be a big void that I would feel. I would feel grief, not having what I consider a normal family.(133)I have an image of how I want to interact with my child, and that s not the kind of interaction I want, not the kind I could maintain. (133)I m sorry to say I couldn t think about raising a child with Down s. I m something of a perfectionist. I want the best for my child. I ve worked hard, I went to Cornell University, I d want that for my child. I d want to teach him things he couldn t absorb. I m sorry I can t be more accepting, but I m clear I wouldn t want to continue the pregnancy.( 133   134)The bottom line is when my neighbor said to me:  Having a  tard,  that s a bummer for life.  (91)I just couldn t do it, couldn t be that kind of mother who accepts everything, loves her kid no matter what. What about me? Maybe it s selfish, I don t know. But I just didn t want all those problems in my life. (138)If he can t grow up to have a shot at becoming the president, we don t want him.(92)It s devastating, it s a waste, all the love that goes into kids like that. (134)I think it s kind of like triage, or like euthanasia. There aren t enough resources in the world. We d have to move, to focus our whole family on getting a handicapped kid a better deal  Why spend $50,000 to save one child?(146)All of these mothers and fathers (for they are already mothers and fathers to their babies growing in the womb) had chosen to have abortions if the baby had Down. The book did not specify which pregnancies actually tested positive and how many went on to abort. But all of the quotes above were made by men and women who fully intended to kill their babies if they turned out to be mentally challenged.Many of these people were affluent, successful men and women. They had an idea of what they wanted their child to be like, and if it turns out their baby does not measure up to their expectations, they want to reject that child and try again. It s a consumer culture that views babies as commodities that can be accepted or rejected based on the parents expectations.You have to wonder how these parents would react if their  normal  child turned out to have a learning disability or just is less of an overachiever- not as perfect as they want him to be. The sanctity of human life has been defeated by a consumer culture where women have amniocentesis in order to decide whether or not a baby is acceptable to be born, as if they were purchasing a pair of shoes and looking for the most comfortable and attractive ones.Two of the people interviewed also expressed reluctance to make the sacrifices required to care for a Down syndrome child. Not wanting  problems in my life  becomes a tragic statement when you realize that all children cause  problems  at one time or another. Putting a monetary cost on a child s life and deciding that the child s life isn t worth that arbitrary amount is even worse. I wonder how much money the mother who so cavalierly said  Why spend $50,000 to save one child  thinks her own life is worth?I wonder if the respondents knew that there is a waiting list of parents hoping to adopt children with Down syndrome. Sadly, I doubt this knowledge would make a difference to those who rejected their children.Via: Live Action News",0
21842,"LOW FLUSH TOILETS, DELTA SMELT, PAYOFFS, NEIGHBORHOOD SNITCHES AND STATISTS…Why The Radical Left Is Lying About A Water Crisis In CA","Dr. Gina Loudon is hands down one of our favorite conservative writers. She nails it with this piece about the truth behind the lies of the California drought I found it supremely ironic this week that two of the big stories were about a man-made lack of water in California, and a man lost in a vast sea off of Florida.Gov. Jerry  Moonbeam  Brown announced the dire circumstances, not from the Capitol in Sacramento, but from the dramatic backdrop of a mountaintop. His narrative held that there should be five feet of  snow pack,  but alas, there was none. Brown, and the radical Marxists, couched as  environmentalists  he represents, have convinced most Americans to hold two radically opposing views simultaneously. Ostensibly, California is in danger of being flooded by rising sea levels caused by global warming and melting polar ice caps, and it is also utterly out of water.There is no shortage of water. This is an environmentalist-created drought that is costing billions.I waver between utter disgust and admiration when I watch how the leftists sell these things, always with straight faces. Every major news outlet in America and many around the world swallowed the narrative like fish on a baited hook. They tell us there is no water, no snow to provide water for the summer, and the farmers are taking too much so people must suffer. There is an all-out war on grass, and no one is safe. Sorry, Shaggy, your  grass  is to blame as well.There is hand wringing in every club house as the boards are told they are coming for the rough grass, your fairways and greens are safe, for now. Evil rich guys in colorful knickers and almond farmers in overalls are the scourge of California. Off with their heads! Oh, and you can forget about the luxury of children playing on the lawn. If you want that, you breeders should move to flyover land! Don t you dare sneak and water the backyard after dark; Brown makes it easy for your neighbors to snitch on you. I m not making this up. They really have a state hotline for that.Those of us who pay attention know well the proverb,  Where there is no vision, the people perish.  The people who built California into the greatest agricultural producer in America gave us dams, canals, reservoirs and all kinds of conveyance of water. They harnessed the rivers that reach from the Pacific Northwest down well into Northern California and even draw water to the Golden State from the Colorado River. That was then. Nothing has changed since then, except political power.For the last several decades, the radical fringe has taken full control of California, and it hates people. Dennis Prager observed that statists love humanity but hate humans. Watch how they latch onto dreams of egalitarian states but begin the execution of their plans by marginalizing, isolating and then executing anyone who disagrees with them. They dine in the finest restaurants in San Francisco, the likes of Brown, Pelosi, Boxer and Feinstein, planning lawsuits to cut the flow of water to the farms of Central California and the people in Southern California, caring not a wit that 40,000 agricultural workers, mostly Hispanic, are unemployed.Just this week, in the middle of a human crisis, federal fish agents ordered the release of billions of gallons of water purportedly to save six fish. You read that right. Not to save six species of fish, but literally, six fish. Apparently, these special six stood their, err ground, and when 29 of their compadres rode the 10 billion gallon man-made wave to the ocean in March, they refused to go with the flow (sorry).You can t make this stuff up. But when you do, people actually believe it.So Obama administration agents want a second toilet flush to give these hard-headed steelheads a second nudge. The idea that nature itself may be holding the fish where they are is of no concern to statists who love telling both man and beast what they think is good for them. Sadly, this latest mind-boggling atrocity is getting very little media coverage. I found excellent coverage in the Manteca Bulletin. Why hasn t the Los Angeles Times reported on this?The current shortage is based primarily on the release of billions of gallons daily into the San Francisco Bay to sustain the bait fish known as the Delta smelt. This is a simple distribution issue; there is plenty of water.Prior to the statists taking over California, massive pumps were diverting water from rivers into the canal system (built before Brown and his ilk took control of the state). They have all but turned these pumps off to protect the fish from their Darwinian demise, and billions upon billions of gallons of fresh water is continuously dumped into the ocean.For the people-hating San Francisco cabal, cutting off water from the people is the real goal. They want fewer people to begin with, but the ultimate goal is control. Few environmentalists admit it publicly, but they want zero farming in the central valley, preferring to  allow  land to return to its prehistoric state. The cabal wants to control water so they can control people. Brown is just the messenger today. He is telling America that water access is a privilege, he has the power to pick winners and losers, and we have to just take it.If Brown decides tomorrow that he wants to withhold water from almond farmers, Americans will just have to accept it. Have you ever wondered why any business owner would give campaign donations to Marxist, business-hating politicians? Now you know why. They must give to buy protection. Business owners do not donate to Brown, Pelosi or Harry Reid because those politicians are good for business; they give to be sure they are not the next targets.The problem with all of this is that water is a limitless natural resource. Just ask the sailor who faced drowning daily or the people in the Midwest who were deluged this week. It is one thing to argue for conservation of animals, or even trees, or  green space,  but water? Water is a limitless natural resource. Not even the most self-important leftist believes he could make water go away, no matter how hard he tried. How did they convince us to accept this lie?They got us to buy the lie that water is scarce by telling it often enough and pounding it into generations of schoolchildren. Using federal law and acts of Congress, they forced people from water-soaked regions to accept low flush or what some call  two flush  toilets the same as desert-dwelling Californians. And we fell for it. At least the Democrats among us fell for it.Thus it is that Brown got to have his cake and eat it, too. He told Californians, and really all Americans and the world, that lack of water was not his fault for lacking the vision to feed the distribution system created by the real men who built California. He repeats that it is not the fault of the Marxists  Endangered Species Act that prefers hard-headed fish over people. The lack of water is the result of the lack of  snow pack,  which is the result of  climate change,  which is the result of greedy people being well, people. The Delta smelt and steelhead trout must live and we mere humans should all just die.Meanwhile, Jerry Brown is committed to spending $100 billion for trains, but he has made zero commitment to allowing water to flow to people instead of fish, and zero commitment to finding funding for his  twin tunnels  alternate solution. And why would he? We are cutting back our water use, ratting on our neighbors and accepting higher produce prices across America. The Marxists in San Francisco are toasting total victory. The farmers and country club board members are suing for peace. Lord help usVia: WND",0
21843,[Video] WATCH HOW MARCO RUBIO Handles Same Reporter Who Attempts Interview With Hillary,There s just something about Shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged Watch how differently Marco Rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this TMZ reporter vs Hillary Clinton (below): h/t IJ Review,0
21844,JEB BUSH WANTS CONGRESS TO APPROVE AMNESTY And Confirm Loretta Lynch (Eric Holder In A Skirt) For AG Position,"Jeb Bush just unofficially placed himself on team  Democrat Potential GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush is calling on Congress to confirm attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch, whose confirmation hearings took place in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee in January. In February, Lynch was voted out of the committee and approved 12-8. Due to the legislative schedule and fighting over bills already in motion, a full Senate vote on her confirmation has not yet taken place. More from POLITICO: I think presidents have the right to pick their team,  Bush said, according to reports of his stop at the  Politics and Pie  forum in Concord, New Hampshire, on Thursday night.A Senate fight over a sex-trafficking bill that includes a controversial abortion provision has held up Lynch s nomination for 160 days since Obama announced his choice last Nov. 8, but Minority Leader Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) is threatening to break protocol and force a vote on the Senate floor. If someone is supportive of the president s policies, whether you agree with them or not, there should be some deference to the executive,  Bush told reporters.  It should not always be partisan. The attorney general isn t supposed to be  supportive of the president s policies.  The attorney general is supposed to advise the president on constitutional matters and is responsible for ensuring the balance between the executive and legislative branches in maintained.During her confirmation hearings, Lynch expressed support for President Obama s executive amnesty and argued that anybody who is inside the United States, regardless of how they got here or what their legal status is, has a right to work. I think the right and obligation to work is one that is shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here and certainly if someone is here, regardless of status, I would prefer that they be participating in the work place than not be participating,  Lynch said.https://youtu.be/FbjsvEjXLgoSorry Loretta, but we beg to differ: Via: Townhall",0
21845,[VIDEO] HILLARY’S VAN BLOWS BY ELDERLY PEOPLE IN WHEELCHAIRS Waiting To See Her On Way To Manufactured Event,"Hillary s for all  Everyday Americans just not the elderly ones in wheelchairs Hillary Clinton wants to meet  everyday Americans  so badly, she drove right past many waiting in front of her event in Iowa.In the now-viral clip of reporters chasing after Clinton s  Scooby  van, the Clinton camp drove to the back entrance, surprising both reporters and many of her supporters waiting to get a glimpse of the candidate. I think what you don t see in that clip, which is one of the most surprising things is there were actually a ton of people waiting for her at the front of that college,  said Financial Times reporter Megan Murphy.  There were elderly people in wheelchairs, there were people   and they just cruised right on by to the back. The news that Clinton symbolically drove past ordinary voters while driving their own  everyday Americans  to the event will certainly reflect poorly on the campaign. The incident draws parallels to the man Clinton hopes to succeed in the Oval Office when he drove past disabled veterans in Phoenix.The Democratic front-runner had already snubbed everyday Americans when she parked at a handicapped spot for her convenience at one event and did not include  differently-abled  citizens in her announcement video. Those were the everyday Americans. Those were the everyday Iowans and guess what they were lined up in front of that community college,  Murphy said.Morning Joe host Mika Brzezinski was appalled after hearing the story. Earlier in the day, she criticized the Clinton campaign for her evasive and inaccessible approach to the campaign roll out which has left Clinton looking stale and flat. Joe Scarborough, on the other hand, laughed and said the story proved the narrative of an inauthentic Clinton campaign. The former congressman said it was not surprising Clinton did not want to meet the elderly people on wheelchairs because her staff did not get to vet them first. Because they want the everyday Americans that they had talked to for 30 minutes about how to act like an everyday American,  Scarborough said.With senior citizens making up a quarter of all voters in 2014, up from 21 percent in 2010, Clinton may face an uphill battle in gaining the trust of the most reliable voting block to turn out on Election Day.Via: WFB",0
21846,ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PLANS ‘BLACKS ONLY’ FIELD TRIP TO COLLEGE FOR THIRD GRADERS,"Because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?Parents criticized Indiana school officials Thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders, ABC 57 reported.School officials defended the trip, saying the outing sends a positive message to black students who may believe the prospect of college is out of reach. We take them to a college campus, have them meet African-American students, modeling the idea that as a black person, college is a great place,  Dr. G. David Moss, the head of the African-American services at the South Bend Community Schools Corporation, told the station.The initiative has been criticized by parents in the community, not because of its ambitions, but because it excludes students with other backgrounds.One parent whose son is going on the trip told the station that she believes  all kids should be going. Moss told the station that he did not mean to offend anyone with the trips, but said he was hired to  look at the issues facing African-American kids  in the community.Via: FOX News",0
21847,MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHER BEATEN UNCONSCIOUS BY PARENT AND STUDENT WARNED: ‘I fear for my safety…the children have no respect for adults”,"Don t worry, the attorney for the mom/thug who brought her own special form of street justice to the teacher in the classroom says:  she s a nice person.  Yeah that s what we assumed. A middle school teacher is recovering in hospital in New York after being viciously assaulted by one of her student s mothers and the woman s 14-year-old niece.The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.Police say the parent, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter s math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had  put her hands  on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day, according to ABC 7.Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie, telling her to first get a security pass.A fight then ensued.Authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor.Several students also became involved in the attack, including McKenzie s 14-year-old niece.Another teacher was able to break up the melee and attend to Engelhardt.She was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to Winthrop University Hospital.Engelhardt, a mother and teacher of 20 years, has since been released and is recovering at home  in a lot of pain , according to Newsday.Speaking from her home to ABC 7, Engelhardt said she has long feared for her safety at the school. It s not like I thought a parent would do something, but I knew something violent was going to happen,  she told the network.  I ve warned (the school) time and again that the children have no respect for adults. Yes, I fear for my safety. They can t control the kids. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21848,ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PLANS ‘BLACKS ONLY’ FIELD TRIP TO COLLEGE FOR THIRD GRADERS,"Because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?Parents criticized Indiana school officials Thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders, ABC 57 reported.School officials defended the trip, saying the outing sends a positive message to black students who may believe the prospect of college is out of reach. We take them to a college campus, have them meet African-American students, modeling the idea that as a black person, college is a great place,  Dr. G. David Moss, the head of the African-American services at the South Bend Community Schools Corporation, told the station.The initiative has been criticized by parents in the community, not because of its ambitions, but because it excludes students with other backgrounds.One parent whose son is going on the trip told the station that she believes  all kids should be going. Moss told the station that he did not mean to offend anyone with the trips, but said he was hired to  look at the issues facing African-American kids  in the community.Via: FOX News",0
21849,23 YR OLD SOMALI REFUGEE TURNED NATURALIZED CITIZEN ARRESTED FOR TERROR PLOT AGAINST US,"From the amazing Ann Corcoran s Refugee Resettlement blog: Ho hum! Another of those Somalis we are still bringing into America as refugees at the rate of 800-900 a month has been indicted in Columbus, the city second only to Minneapolis as a city being colonized by a large population of Somali Muslim refugees (thanks to those  religious  non-profits hired by the federal government to place them!).This latest jihadist came here as a child and your tax dollars helped raise him! (I ll have more tomorrow, just wanted to get the news out while it s hot!) Stay tuned A 23-year-old resident of Columbus, Ohio, who trained with a group affiliated with al Qaeda has been arrested and charged with plotting an attack on American soil, the Justice Department revealed today.Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said.The Justice Department stated that Mohamud was also an Islamic State sympathizer, and that his brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the group in Syria in 2013.According to court documents, Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.In April 2014, he purchased a one-way ticket to Greece, but during a layover in Istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to Athens and instead made his way to Syria.Once he reached his destination, Mohamud stated that he received training in shooting weapons, breaking into houses, explosives and hand-to-hand combat.The 23-year-old Columbus man aloes said that after completing his training, a cleric with the group Jabhat al-Nusrah instructed him to return to the US and commit an act of terror.The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform, according to court documents. Mohamud talked about doing something big in the United States,  the papers cited by ABC News indicate.  He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three or four American soldiers execution style. On Thursday, Mohamud was indicted on one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists, one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, and one count of making false statements to the FBI.The first two counts, providing material support to terrorists and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization are each crimes punishable by up to 15 years in prison.Making false statements involving international terrorism carries a maximum sentence of eight years in prison.Mohamud was arrested on state charges February 21, 2015, and is expected to be transferred into federal custody based on today s indictment.Before Mohamud s brother was killed in battle on or around June 3, 2014, the two had exchanged emails discussing the 23-year-old s plans to travel to Syria and fight with Islamic State. In February, Mohamud asked Abdifatah Aden how he could send him money.Later that month, Mohamud was arrested at his Columbus home for allegedly providing a computer tablet an other material support to terrorist organizations abroad.Prosecutor Ron O Brien at the time asked a judge to set Mohamud s bond at $1million saying he was a flight risk and posed a threat to public safety.Mohamud s attorney, Sam Shamansky, insisted that his client was not a terrorist and would not flee because he was taking care of his ailing mother in Ohio.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21850,FLASHBACK: HILLARY COURTS ILLEGAL ALIEN VOTE BY LYING About Her Three “Immigrant” Grandparents,"As it turns out, 67 year old Hillary Cinton used to hear her grandparents talk about the immigrant experience when she was a young girl, so she just thought they were immigrants Mission accomplished. No more clarification is necessary.On Wednesday in Iowa, Hillary Clinton invented three immigrant grandparents to push for more foreign workers. All my grandparents, you know, came over here and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and worked there until he retired at 65,  she reportedly said.  So I sit here and I think well you re talking about the second, third generation. That s me, that s you. But according to a BuzzFeed report, three of her grandparents were born in the United States while her paternal grandfather was an immigrant from England. Last year, Clinton also falsely claimed that her paternal grandmother, Hanna Jones Rodham,  immigrated with her family as a young girl to Scranton. As BuzzFeed noted, according to Census records,  Hanna Jones Rodham, Clinton s paternal grandmother (the wife of Hugh Rodham Sr.) was born in Pennsylvania in 1882, according to the 1910 census  while her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr.,  was born in England and immigrated with his parents as a child.  Clinton s maternal grandparents were both born in Illinois, according to Census records.A Clinton spokesperson told BuzzFeed that Clinton s  grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and, as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants.   As has been correctly pointed out, while her grandfather was an immigrant, it appears that Hillary s grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the U.S. in the early 1880s,  he added.Clinton invented her immigrant grandparents while pushing for more foreign workers, which may not resonate with the  everyday Americans  who have not recovered from the recession and are trying to move up the economic ladder. We are turning down people who really want to work. I mean they are here to work And a lot of them now have children who are American citizens, and they are doing the best they can to try to make a good life for themselves and their families,  she reportedly said at a campaign event at Capital City Fruit.  And we are saying to all these other people who want the same dreams and the same aspirations and the willingness to work hard just like our families did that no, we re not going to make it easy for you, we re not going to make it legal for you. And I just think that s such a short term, unfortunate outcome for us and well as for them. Via: Breitbart News",0
21851,STEVE JOBS’ WIDOW ANNOUNCES SUPPORT FOR “Revolutionary” HILLARY On Same Day Hillary’s Busted For Faking This…,"You d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum, question Hillary s integrity Apple founder Steve Jobs  widow Laurene has told of her admiration for Democratic White House front-runner Hillary Clinton.Ms Jobs, 51, called former First Lady Hillary a  revolutionary  woman, and added that it s not just because she s a woman   but  the type of woman she is .Speaking to Time 100, Ms Jobs said:  Hillary Clinton is not familiar. She is revolutionary. Not radical, but revolutionary: The distinction is crucial. She is one of America s greatest modern creations. Her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities. Indeed, those same decades have conferred upon her what newness usually lacks: judgment, and even wisdom. Oops wrong picture! It matters, of course, that Hillary is a woman. But what matters more is what kind of woman she is. Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday   and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet  ordinary  voters in Iowa.But she was blasted for her  staged  visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa.Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated  from beginning to end .Bird told Daily Mail Online that campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city. Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.The three got the lion s share of Mrs. Clinton s time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a  roundtable  the first of many in her brief Iowa campaign swing. Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events. He interned with President Obama s 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014 when he visited Davenport. What happened is, we were just asked to be there by Troy,  Bird said Wednesday in a phone interview. We were asked to come to a meeting with Troy, the three of us, at the Village Inn. The other two, he confirmed, were University of Iowa College Democrats president Carter Bell and Planned Parenthood of the Heartland employee Sara Sedlacek. It was supposed to be a strategy meeting,  Bird recalled,  to get our thoughts about issues. But then all of a sudden he says,  Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her? And then we got in a car   Troy s car   and we went up to the coffee house, and we sat at a table and then Hillary just came up and talked with us. Bird said  we all were called. I mean, Troy asked us all to do   to go to a meeting with him. And we didn t really know what it was about. I mean, he did. He knew. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21852,HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER ASKS STUDENTS TO “Pretend you are a muslim”,"Umm Yeah Okay Would it be acceptable to the school if this teacher asked her students to close their eyes and pretend to be Jesus? It s a rhetorical question of course UNION GROVE, Wis.   Pretend you re a Muslim. That s what a 10th grade World History writing assignment asks students to do at a Wisconsin high school.WISN talk radio host Vicki McKenna posted Union Grove High School teacher Beth Urban s email for a five-paragraph essay on Twitter.It reads: Pretend you are:1. Muslim male/female in U.S.2. Give 3 examples of what you do daily for your religion and any struggles you face.3. Again, 5 paragraphs (intro, 3 body paragraphs, closing.)**Keep in mind we ve been doing work and watching documentaries that have the facts needed to write the essay.Union Grove Muslim essay assignment fullEAGnews emailed Urban to obtain more information on the assignment but she did not respond.Specifically, we wanted to know if there were similar assignments based on other religions or just Islam, as well as what documentaries were watched to prepare for the essay.A parent of the student who received the assignment tells EAGnews,  I feel that the purpose of the assignment is to show prejudices towards Muslims in America or to invent them or exaggerate them. The parent, who asked to remain anonymous, doesn t blame the teacher for the essay s instructions. I did not voice my concerns directly to the teacher because I do not blame the teacher. I believe this is a curriculum issue. The teachers are not using their own curriculum, the school boards/superintendents do generally,  according to the parent. I brought attention to it because I felt that it was inaccurate for World History. I would have no problem with this assignment if they were to pretend they were in the Middle East and practicing their religion. I first was bothered because it seems that if any Catholic issues are brought up attention is brought to the school and (the assignment) banned being a public school. EAGnews reported on another controversial lesson two years ago   almost to the day   at the same high school.At that time, students were given a crossword puzzle that defined conservatism as  the political belief of preserving traditional moral values by restricting personal freedoms    The definitions of conservatism and liberalism make me sick,  parent Tamra Varebook told EAGnews.  I think it s horribly distorted and it s biased. After EAG s report, the publishing company, Cerebellum Corporation, announced it would discontinue selling the  skewed  assignment. Although we are careful to screen the quality of our products, we are not always able to identify the problems seen in Liberalism vs. Conservatism,  Cerebellum President James Rena said in a statement sent to EAGnews.",0
21853,"HILLARY CLINTON: We All Know She’s Deceitful And Dishonest, But I Bet You Didn’t Know This…"," She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. I ve decided to reprint a piece of work I did nearly five years ago, because it seems very relevant today given Hillary Clinton s performance in the Benghazi hearings. Back in 2008 when she was running for president, I interviewed two erstwhile staff members of the House Judiciary Committee who were involved with the atergate investigation when Hillary was a low-level staffer there. I interviewed one Democrat staffer and one Republican staffer, and wrote two pieces based on what they told me about Hillary s conduct at the time.I published these pieces back in 2008 for North Star Writers Group, the syndicate I ran at the time. This was the most widely read piece we ever had at NSWG, but because NSWG never gained the high-profile status of the major syndicates, this piece still didn t reach as many people as I thought it deserved to. Today, given the much broader reach of CainTV and yet another incidence of Hillary s arrogance in dealing with a congressional committee, I think it deserves another airing. For the purposes of simplicity, I ve combined the two pieces into one very long one. If you re interested in understanding the true character of Hillary Clinton, it s worth your time to read it.As Hillary Clinton came under increasing scrutiny for her story about facing sniper fire in Bosnia, one question that arose was whether she has engaged in a pattern of lying.The now-retired general counsel and chief of staff of the House Judiciary Committee, who supervised Hillary when she worked on the Watergate investigation, says Hillary s history of lies and unethical behavior goes back farther   and goes much deeper   than anyone realizes.Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old Hillary Rodham on the committee. Hillary got a job working on the investigation at the behest of her former law professor, Burke Marshall, who was also Sen. Ted Kennedy s chief counsel in the Chappaquiddick affair. When the investigation was over, Zeifman fired Hillary from the committee staff and refused to give her a letter of recommendation   one of only three people who earned that dubious distinction in Zeifman s 17-year career.Why? Because she was a liar,  Zeifman said in an interview last week.  She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that? She couldn t do it by herself, but Zeifman said she was one of several individuals   including Marshall, special counsel John Doar and senior associate special counsel (and future Clinton White House Counsel) Bernard Nussbaum   who engaged in a seemingly implausible scheme to deny Richard Nixon the right to counsel during the investigatioWhy would they want to do that? Because, according to Zeifman, they feared putting Watergate break-in mastermind E. Howard Hunt on the stand to be cross-examined by counsel to the president. Hunt, Zeifman said, had the goods on nefarious activities in the Kennedy Administration that would have made Watergate look like a day at the beach   including Kennedy s purported complicity in the attempted assassination of Fidel Castro.The actions of Hillary and her cohorts went directly against the judgment of top Democrats, up to and including then-House Majority Leader Tip O Neill, that Nixon clearly had the right to counsel. Zeifman says that Hillary, along with Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar, was determined to gain enough votes on the Judiciary Committee to change House rules and deny counsel to Nixon. And in order to pull this off, Zeifman says Hillary wrote a fraudulent legal brief, and confiscated public documents to hide her deception.The brief involved precedent for representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding. When Hillary endeavored to write a legal brief arguing there is no right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding, Zeifman says, he told Hillary about the case of Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas, who faced an impeachment attempt in 1970. As soon as the impeachment resolutions were introduced by (then-House Minority Leader Gerald) Ford, and they were referred to the House Judiciary Committee, the first thing Douglas did was hire himself a lawyer,  Zeifman said.The Judiciary Committee allowed Douglas to keep counsel, thus establishing the precedent. Zeifman says he told Hillary that all the documents establishing this fact were in the Judiciary Committee s public files. So what did Hillary do? Hillary then removed all the Douglas files to the offices where she was located, which at that time was secured and inaccessible to the public,  Zeifman said. Hillary then proceeded to write a legal brief arguing there was no precedent for the right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding   as if the Douglas case had never occurred.The brief was so fraudulent and ridiculous, Zeifman believes Hillary would have been disbarred if she had submitted it to a judge.Zeifman says that if Hillary, Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar had succeeded, members of the House Judiciary Committee would have also been denied the right to cross-examine witnesses, and denied the opportunity to even participate in the drafting of articles of impeachment against Nixon.Of course, Nixon s resignation rendered the entire issue moot, ending Hillary s career on the Judiciary Committee staff in a most undistinguished manner. Zeifman says he was urged by top committee members to keep a diary of everything that was happening. He did so, and still has the diary if anyone wants to check the veracity of his story. Certainly, he could not have known in 1974 that diary entries about a young lawyer named Hillary Rodham would be of interest to anyone 34 years later.But they show that the pattern of lies, deceit, fabrications and unethical behavior was established long ago   long before the Bosnia lie, and indeed, even before cattle futures, Travelgate and Whitewater   for the woman who is still asking us to make her president of the United States.Franklin Polk, who served at the time as chief Republican counsel on the committee, confirmed many of these details in two interviews he granted me this past Friday, although his analysis of events is not always identical to Zeifman s. Polk specifically confirmed that Hillary wrote the memo in question, and confirmed that Hillary ignored the Douglas case. (He said he couldn t confirm or dispel the part about Hillary taking the Douglas files.)To Polk, Hillary s memo was dishonest in the sense that she tried to pretend the Douglas precedent didn t exist. But unlike Zeifman, Polk considered the memo dishonest in a way that was more stupid than sinister. Hillary should have mentioned that (the Douglas case), and then tried to argue whether that was a change of policy or not instead of just ignoring it and taking the precedent out of the opinion,  Polk said.Polk recalled that the attempt to deny counsel to Nixon upset a great many members of the committee, including just about all the Republicans, but many Democrats as well. The argument sort of broke like a firestorm on the committee, and I remember Congressman Don Edwards was very upset,  Polk said.  He was the chairman of the subcommittee on constitutional rights. But in truth, the impeachment precedents are not clear. Let s put it this way. In the old days, from the beginning of the country through the 1800s and early 1900s, there were precedents that the target or accused did not have the right to counsel. That s why Polk believes Hillary s approach in writing the memorandum was foolish. He says she could have argued that the Douglas case was an isolated example, and that other historical precedents could apply.But Zeifman says the memo and removal of the Douglas files was only part the effort by Hillary, Doar, Nussbaum and Marshall to pursue their own agenda during the investigation.After my first column, some readers wrote in claiming Zeifman was motivated by jealousy because he was not appointed as the chief counsel in the investigation, with that title going to Doar instead.Zeifman s account is that he supported the appointment of Doar because he, Zeifman, a) did not want the public notoriety that would come with such a high-profile role; and b) didn t have much prosecutorial experience. When he started to have a problem with Doar and his allies was when Zeifman and others, including House Majority Leader Tip O Neill and Democratic committee member Jack Brooks of Texas, began to perceive Doar s group as acting outside the directives and knowledge of the committee and its chairman, Peter Rodino.(O Neill died in 1994. Brooks is still living and I tried unsuccessfully to reach him. I d still like to.)This culminated in a project to research past presidential abuses of power, which committee members felt was crucial in aiding the decisions they would make in deciding how to handle Nixon s alleged offenses.According to Zeifman and other documents, Doar directed Hillary to work with a group of Yale law professors on this project. But the report they generated was never given to the committee. Zeifman believes the reason was that the report was little more than a whitewash of the Kennedy years   a part of the Burke Marshall-led agenda of avoiding revelations during the Watergate investigation that would have embarrassed the Kennedys.The fact that the report was kept under wraps upset Republican committee member Charles Wiggins of California, who wrote a memo to his colleagues on the committee that read in part:Within the past few days, some disturbing information has come to my attention. It is requested that the facts concerning the matter be investigated and a report be made to the full committee as it concerns us all.Early last spring when it became obvious that the committee was considering presidential  abuse of power  as a possible ground of impeachment, I raised the question before the full committee that research should be undertaken so as to furnish a standard against which to test the alleged abusive conduct of Richard Nixon.As I recall, several other members joined with me in this request. I recall as well repeating this request from time to time during the course of our investigation. The staff, as I recall, was noncommittal, but it is certain that no such staff study was made available to the members at any time for their use.Wiggins believed the report was purposely hidden from committee members. Chairman Rodino denied this, and said the reason Hillary s report was not given to committee members was that it contained no value. It s worth noting, of course, that the staff member who made this judgment was John Doar.In a four-page reply to Wiggins, Rodino wrote in part:Hillary Rodham of the impeachment inquiry staff coordinated the work. . . . After the staff received the report it was reviewed by Ms. Rodham, briefly by Mr. Labovitz and Mr. Sack, and by Doar. The staff did not think the manuscript was useful in its present form. . . .In your letter you suggest that members of the staff may have intentionally suppressed the report during the course of its investigation. That was not the case.As a matter of fact, Mr. Doar was more concerned that any highlight of the project might prejudice the case against President Nixon. The fact is that the staff did not think the material was usable by the committee in its existing form and had not had time to modify it so it would have practical utility for the members of the committee. I was informed and agreed with the judgment.Mr. Labovitz, by the way, was John Labovitz, another member of the Democratic staff. I spoke with Labovitz this past Friday as well, and he is no fan of Jerry Zeifman. If it s according to Zeifman, it s inaccurate from my perspective,  Labovitz said. He bases that statement on a recollection that Zeifman did not actually work on the impeachment inquiry staff, although that is contradicted not only by Zeifman but Polk as well.Labovitz said he has no knowledge of Hillary having taken any files, and defended her no-right-to-counsel memo on the grounds that, if she was assigned to write a memo arguing a point of view, she was merely following orders.But as both Zeifman and Polk point out, that doesn t mean ignoring background of which you are aware, or worse, as Zeifman alleges, confiscating documents that disprove your argument.All told, Polk recalls the actions of Hillary, Doar and Nussbaum as more amateurish than anything else. Of course the Republicans went nuts,  Polk said.  But so did some of the Democrats   some of the most liberal Democrats. It was more like these guys   Doar and company   were trying to manage the members of Congress, and it was like,  Who s in charge here?  If you want to convict a president, you want to give him all the rights possible. If you re going to give him a trial, for him to say,  My rights were denied,    it was a stupid effort by people who were just politically tone deaf. So this was a big deal to people in the proceedings on the committee, no question about it. And Jerry Zeifman went nuts, and rightfully so. But my reaction wasn t so much that it was underhanded as it was just stupid. Polk recalls Zeifman sharing with him at the time that he believed Hillary s primary role was to report back to Burke Marshall any time the investigation was taking a turn that was not to the liking of the Kennedys. Jerry used to give the chapter and verse as to how Hillary was the mole into the committee works as to how things were going,  Polk said.  And she d be feeding information back to Burke Marshall, who, at least according to Jerry, was talking to the Kennedys. And when something was off track in the view of the Kennedys, Burke Marshall would call John Doar or something, and there would be a reconsideration of what they were talking about. Jerry used to tell me that this was Hillary s primary function. Zeifman says he had another staff member get him Hillary s phone records, which showed that she was calling Burke Marshall at least once a day, and often several times a day.A final note about all this: I wrote my first column on this subject because, in the aftermath of Hillary being caught in her Bosnia fib, I came in contact with Jerry Zeifman and found his story compelling. Zeifman has been trying to tell his story for many years, and the mainstream media have ignored him. I thought it deserved an airing as a demonstration of how early in her career Hillary began engaging in self-serving, disingenuous conduct.Disingenuously arguing a position? Vanishing documents? Selling out members of her own party to advance a personal agenda? Classic Hillary. Neither my first column on the subject nor this one were designed to show that Hillary is dishonest. I don t really think that s in dispute. Rather, they were designed to show that she has been this way for a very long time   a fact worth considering for anyone contemplating voting for her for president of the United States.By the way, there s something else that started a long time ago. She would go around saying,  I m dating a person who will some day be president,  Polk said.  It was like a Babe Ruth call. And because of that comment she made, I watched Bill Clinton s political efforts as governor of Arkansas, and I never counted him out because she had made that forecast. Bill knew what he wanted a long time ago. Clearly, so did Hillary, and her tactics for trying to achieve it were established even in those early days.Vote wisely.Via: Patriot Net Daily",0
21854,MICHIGAN CONTROVERSY OVER GUN DEPICTED IN VETERANS’ MEMORIAL: “We didn’t win the war by throwing sticks and stones.”,"This is political correctness out of control! What do these goofballs think we won the war with? Hopefully, they come to their senses and go ahead with the memorial including the rifle.A Milford, Michigan, veterans  group is up in arms after a proposal to place a memorial containing a battlefield cross   a military helmet and dog tags atop a semiautomatic rifle mounted on boots   was deemed too pro-violence by the local council.The battlefield cross dates back to Civil War days as a stark reminder of the sacrifices of fallen soldiers.Fox News reported Bear Hall, the chairman of the Friends of American Veterans in Milford, wanted to place a sculpture of the iconic image at the end of a walkway to an existing veterans  memorial. But some on the local council deemed it inappropriate. There was some concern from a couple of members regarding the specific memorial that s proposed. Specifically, the gun,  said Milford Village Manager Christian Wuerth, to the Detroit Free Press.  They understood the history and meaning of it. They just didn t feel it was appropriate for that specific location. Councilman Tom Nader was one who opposed the memorial. Being a veteran, I want to see a monument there, yes,  he said.  I just don t think this is the proper one. But as another council member, Jennifer Frankford, said:  If it wasn t for the boots and the gun and helmet, we wouldn t have all the freedoms we have. The council is supposed to debate the matter again at an upcoming hearing.Hall, meanwhile, said his group would support the final decision   with caveats. If [the council] doesn t want it as a focal point, that s fine, but we don t want some  foofoo  fountain either,  he said.  Everyone s thinking the same thing we re thinking   we didn t win the war by throwing sticks and stones.  Read more: wnd",0
21855,BREAKING: VIDEO OF YOUNG OBAMA EMERGES Discussing Mentor Frank Marshall Davis’ Advice About Growing Up In A White Racist World,"Who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism, communism and hate for America?In his 1995 book, Dreams from My Father, Barack Obama never discussed the identity of the mysterious  Frank  who had given him important advice on growing up black in what was described as a white racist world. We learned in 2008 that  Frank  was Frank Marshall Davis, a member of the Communist Party who was the subject of a 600-page FBI file. Still, the major media never asked Obama about this important relationship during his growing up years in Hawaii.Now, in an extraordinary development, video of Obama explicitly and openly identifying  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis has suddenly surfaced on the Internet. The footage is said to have been recorded on September 20, 1995, with the program originally airing on Channel 37 Cambridge Municipal Television as an episode of the show,  The Author Series. It s not clear how many saw this program when it aired. For some reason, this  From the Vault  Barack Obama presentation was just recently posted on YouTube. In the video, Obama is introduced as a Harvard Law School student and President of the Harvard Law Review. He discusses  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis at about 8:37 in the video.In his remarks, Obama never identifies Davis as a communist or even a leftist. But the remarks do reflect the significant influence that Davis had over his young life as he was growing up in Hawaii. Obama talks about how Davis  schools  him on the subject of race relations. The term implies a teacher-student relationship the two of them had, confirming what we had reported back in 2008, that Davis had functioned as Obama s  mentor. It s important to understand what Obama is saying here. Getting ready to read directly from his book, Dreams from My Father, Obama talks about the passages ending with  me having a conversation with a close friend of my maternal grandfather, a close friend of gramps, a black man from Kansas, named Frank, actually at the time a fairly well-known poet named Frank Marshall Davis, who had moved to Hawaii and lived there, and so I have a discussion with him about the kinds of frustrations I m having, and he sorts of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations Davis was indeed a black poet. His works included attacks on Christianity. One Davis poem referred to Christ irreverently as a  nigger.  Davis was himself an atheist.However, Davis was better known as a communist propagandist whose work for the Communist Party in Hawaii earned him surveillance by the FBI and placement on its  security index.  Davis was also a pornographer who engaged in bizarre sexual practices, even pedophilia.Needless to say, Obama s willingness to identify  Frank  as Davis before this audience raises questions as to why  Frank  wasn t identified by his full name Frank Marshall Davis in the book itself. Obama made references to  Frank  22 times throughout his book. Paul Kengor notes that Obama s audio version of Dreams from My Father omitted every reference to  Frank  that was in the book. Those omissions were clearly designed to keep people from asking questions about  Frank,  since Obama was considering a run for the presidency.Today, in 2015, discovering film of Obama identifying  Frank  as Davis is confirmation of the obvious. It doesn t make a lot of difference politically, since Obama is serving out his second term. But it could have made a difference seven years ago, in 2008, when we identified  Frank  as Davis, during Obama s campaign for his first term in office.The clip of Obama talking about Davis during his 1995 Cambridge presentation is important for other reasons, however.By his own admission, Obama was preoccupied with his own feelings and thoughts about race relations. He saw himself as an  angry young man  whose father was absent from his life. He said he was  without father figures around who might guide and steer my anger. That s significant because it s clear, from the passages he reads, that Davis became that father figure. Davis was indeed picked by his white grandfather to be a role model or father figure for the young Barack Obama.In the passages he read back in 1995, Obama discussed inviting some white friends to a black party and seeing them squirm.  They re trying to tap their foot to the beat and being extraordinarily friendly,  he said. They are trying to fit in but they are uncomfortable and they tell Obama they want to leave. Obama concluded,  What I have had to put up with every day of my life is something that they find so objectionable that they can t even put up with a day. This is like a revelation to Obama about the world of white racism. All of this he says  triggers  something in his head and he comprehends a  new map of the world.  He gets a sense of the anger and betrayal in society and even in his own family, where he is being raised by his white grandfather,  Gramps,  and white grandmother,  Toot.  This leads him to seek advice from  Frank.  Frank Marshall Davis then  sort of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations,  Obama says.The passages that he reads from the book before the Cambridge audience include a discussion of when his own white grandmother was accosted by a black panhandler. Davis told Obama that his grandmother was right to be scared and that  She understands that black people have reason to hate. In other words, Davis did not encourage Obama to pursue racial harmony or reconciliation. He told Obama that blacks have a reason, or right, to hate.Via:AIM.comh/t Weasel Zippers",0
21856,[VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter ACTIVIST POSTS STAGED VIDEO OF POLICE BRUTALITY AGAINST A PROTESTOR ON TWITTER,"Meet Keegan Stephan. He could be Barack Obama s son. He s a community agitator with a sizable following on Twitter, who appears to get a thrill out of organizing Occupy re-treads and Ferguson holdovers to create hate and division in NYC. His primary focus for now, appears to be creating hate and mistrust for the entire New York Police Department through a campaign of propaganda.Occupy re-tread, Hillary supporter and #BlackLivesMatter activist Keegan Stephan s Twitter feed is filled with misleading propaganda which includes video footage that appears to be staged to make it look like a protestor was assaulted by a New York Police Officer. Notice the title of the vine video posted by Keenan:  This is what happened to my friend Elsa. Watch the cop shove her.  #ShutDownA14  Listen to the narrator of the video refer to the person being  assaulted  by the police officer (or more likely, a fellow protestor) as  he.   The narrator states:  This protestor was shoved to the ground by an officer. He appeared to be injured. And here is the vine he used to show  here  being assaulted:Just before posting the vine (above), Keegan tweeted about this  picture, saying:  NYPD broke my friend Elsa s ribs by slamming her on the sidewalk. Didn t arrest her, just left her.  #ShutDownA14So which one is it Keegan? Was the person who was  assaulted  by an evil NY Police Officer a  he  or a  she? A proud Hillary supporter (that should come as no surprise given his penchant for lying), Keegan posts pictures of the vandalized signs that were posted all over NYC mocking Hillary Clinton:Keegan posted some additional footage from the Occupy the Brooklyn Bridge/#BlackLivesMatter event that appears to by more false propaganda. Keegan has this to say about the vine video below:  Members of the press running scared from the NYPD.  #ShutDownA14  First of all where the heck are the  press?  Secondly, pay close attention to the man with the large camera who doesn t seem to be in on the staged hoax, as he keeps looking behind to see what these people are running from but can t seem to find anyone chasing them.Meanwhile, according the New York Daily News, cops are hunting for two demonstrators who pummeled an off-duty NYPD sergeant during the #ShutDownA14 protest against police brutality. The 4:45 p.m. attack on Sgt. David Cuce, who was on the Brooklyn Bridge heading into Manhattan, occurred as hundreds of demonstrators spread from Union Square Park to lower Manhattan and across the East River to protest police violence in the wake of a fatal April 4 shooting in South Carolina involving an unarmed black man.Cuce, who was not in uniform, was punched in the head and shoulder by one of the two protestors after he exited his car to investigate the demonstration, which had brought traffic on the historic bridge to a standstill. After a brief fight, Cuce drew his service weapon and identified himself as a police officer, officials said. His attackers fled into the crowd and remain at large. In addition to the attack, police arrested 42 demonstrators for a smattering of misdemeanors following the protest, officials said.Here s what Keenan had to say about the 42 demonstrators who were arrested:How about  They punched an off duty NY Police Officer in the head who was simply driving across the bridge and got out of his vehicle to see why the traffic was stopped? And last, but certainly not least, Keegan makes a brilliant <sarcasm> analogy on Easter weekend comparing Jesus with the angry Ferguson/Garner protestors: And no Easter weekend would be complete without a cop hater comparing Eric Garner to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ:This is what we re up against America. These protests are not spontaneous, they re orchestrated and they re funded by wealthy radicals and unions whose primary objective is to divide Americans by class and race. No justice no peace I don t know how old Keegan is, but I m guessing he s old enough to remember this scene from 9-11, where there was no shortage of good cops who risked their lives for total strangers:This photo is just a subtle reminder Keegan, that not all cops are bad cops ",0
21857,(VIDEO)ICE PROTECTING OBAMA: WON’T RELEASE NAMES OF CRIMINAL ILLEGALS RELEASED INTO AMERICA, ,0
21858,(VIDEO) ICE DIRECTOR: AGENTS COULD BE FIRED IF THEY DON’T ENFORCE OBAMA’S LAWLESS IMMIGRATION POLICY,"It s simple and it s wrong: The Obama border policy asks ICE agents to disobey federal law. It would be nice if people we ve elected to Congress would stand up for the LEGAL citizens of America. It s literally been an invasion from Central America that is now on its second wave. Please pick up the phone and call your ELECTED Congressmen and tell them to do their job! It does make a difference!During a hearing on ICE oversight on April 14, Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) referred to Obama s statement during a town hall event in February, during which the President said there would be  consequences  for ICE agents who enforce federal immigration laws outside of his mandated enforcement priorities.Representative Franks then asked Saldana what those consequences would be. The president also said, and I know this question was proffered earlier, if somebody s working for ICE and they don t follow this policy, there s going to be consequences for it,  Franks explained.  Have you enforced that? I mean is there, are there consequences for not following that policy? There are consequences for not following the rule of the employee s status with the agency. I have a whole manual on that     Saldana said before being cut off. What would the consequences be if someone in the position that required them to follow through with the president s directives   and again we ll set the constitutional issue aside for the moment, if the president s done that then I guess we can do that   what would be the consequences for doing that?  Franks pressed. Well, whether it s that directive, or assaulting an employee in the office, or not abiding by some other rule or policy, the range of punishment can range from anything to a verbal meeting, where you counsel that person, to ultimately what s available to any employer and that s termination,  Saldana said.",0
21859,MEDIA COULDN’T BE FOUND DURING BENGHAZI SCANDAL…But Watch Them Sprint After Hillary’s “Scooby” Van To Catch Her First Campaign Stop,Not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  They re the reason the most crooked woman in America is even a contender in this race.,0
21860,HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",0
21861,Lesbians4Hillary? Wait…What About Her Unyielding Support For Traditional Marriage In This Video?,"Yep Hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. Or is she? It s hard to tell exactly what Hillary stands for. She seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. Hillary Clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the White House: The nation s largest lesbian political action committee.The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady s bid to become the nation s first female president.Lesbians4Hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, said:  Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion   specifically for women and the LGBTQ community. Her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next President of the United States of America. I am honored to join LPAC and help lead our effort to elect Hillary Clinton in 2016.  King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group  Women for Hillary  in 2008, as well.But wait what about this video showing Hillary s unyielding support for traditional marriage?In the video released yesterday announcing Clinton s candidacy for president, two gay couples were included. Among them, two lesbians who look lovingly into each other s eyes.However, in her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage. It took her five years   to publicly say that she supported gay marriage. President Barack Obama publicly announced his support for gay marriage nearly a year earlier in March 2012.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21862,THE LIST OF OBAMA’S HISTORIC FIRSTS AKA HOW CHICAGO POLITICS CORRUPTED WASHINGTON EVEN MORE,"Wow! What a list of accomplishments! The problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. Just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and Chicago style politics transplanted to D.C. via Obama. Not pretty!Law and Justice  First President to Violate the War Powers Act (Unilaterally Executing American Military Operations in Libya Without Informing Congress In the Required Time Period   Source: Huffington Post)  First President to Triple the Number of Warrantless Wiretaps of U.S. Citizens (Source: ACLU)   First President to Sign into Law a Bill That Permits the Government to  Hold Anyone Suspected of Being Associated With Terrorism Indefinitely, Without Any Form of Due Process. No Indictment. No Judge or Jury. No Evidence. No Trial. Just an Indefinite Jail Sentence  (NDAA Bill   Source: Business Insider)   First President to Refuse to Tell the Public What He Did For Eight (8) Hours After Being Informed That a U.S. Ambassador Was Facing Imminent Death During a Terror Attack (Source: Mediate)   First President to Lie About the Reason For an Ambassador s Death, Blaming it on an Internet Video Rather Than What He Knew to be the Case: the Al Qaeda-linked Terror Group Ansar al-Sharia (Source: House Oversight Committee, et. al.)   First President to Have an Innocent Filmmaker Thrown in Jail After Lying About the Cause for a Deadly Attack on U.S. Diplomats, Using the Filmmaker as a Scapegoat (Source: CNN)   First President to Use the IRS to  Unfairly Target Political Enemies  as Well as pro-Catholic and pro-Jewish Groups (Source: Sen. Ted Cruz)   First President to Unlawfully Seize Telephone Records of More than 100 Reporters to Intimidate and/or Bully Them (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Witness a Single Cabinet Secretary Commit Multiple Hatch Act Violations Without Acting, Speaking Out, Disciplining or Firing That Person (Source: New York Times)   First President to Systematically Release Detained Illegal Aliens Charged With Homicide Into the U.S. Population (Source: USA Today)   First President to Release 40,000 Illegal Aliens with Serious and/or Violent Criminal Records Inside the U.S. (Source: Judicial Watch)   First President to Create Secret Police Units Inside Government Agencies to Block Lawful Investigations by Inspectors General (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Personally Lobby Senators to Violate Senate Rules and Destroy the Filibuster Through  The Nuclear Option  to Consolidate More Executive Power (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to create his own propaganda news network and  bypass journalists   [having] developed [his] own network of websites, social media and even created an online newscast to dispense favorable information and images  (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Barricade Open-Air Government Monuments During a Partial Government Shutdown (Source: Rep. Steve Stockman)   First President to Have His Attorney General Held in Criminal Contempt of Congress For His Efforts to Cover Up Operation Fast and Furious, That Killed Over 300 Individuals (Source: Politico)   First President to claim Executive Privilege to shield a sitting Attorney General from a Contempt of Congress finding for perjury and withholding evidence from lawful subpoenas (Source: Business Insider)   First President to Issue Unlawful  Recess-Appointments  Over a Long Weekend   While the U.S. Senate Remained in Session (against the advice of his own Justice Department   Source: United States Court of Appeals)   First President to Fire an Inspector General of Americorps for Catching One of His Friends in a Corruption Case (Source: Gawker)   First President to  Order a Secret Amnesty Program that Stopped the Deportations of Illegal Immigrants Across the U.S., Including Those With Criminal Convictions  (Source: DHS documents uncovered by Judicial Watch)   First President to Sue States for Enforcing Voter ID Requirements, Which Were Previously Ruled Legal by the U.S. Supreme Court (Source: CNN)   First President to Encourage Racial Discrimination and Intimidation at Polling Places (the New Black Panthers voter intimidation case, Source: Investors Business Daily)   First President to Refuse to Comply With a House Oversight Committee Subpoena (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Arbitrarily Declare an Existing Law Unconstitutional and Refuse to Enforce It (Defense of Marriage Act   Source: ABC News)   First President to Increase Surveillance of American Citizen Under the Patriot Act by 1,000 Percent in Four Years (Source: NBC News)   First president to appoint a convicted cop killer s advocate to the Department of Justice (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First Administration to Be Ruled by a Federal Judge as Aiding and Abetting Human Trafficking (Source: Federal District Court Judge Andrew S. Hanen)   First President to Demand a Company Hand Over $20 Billion to One of His Political Appointees (BP Oil Spill Relief Fund   Source: Fox News)   First President to Have a Law Signed By an  Auto-pen  Without Being  Present  (Source: The New York Times) Scandals   First President to publicly announce an enemies list (consisting of his opponents campaign contributors; and to use the instrumentalities of government to punish those on the list   Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Attempt to Block Legally-Required 60-Day Layoff Notices by Government Contractors Due to His Own Cuts to Defense Spending   Because The Notices Would Occur Before the Election. (Source: National Journal)   First President to Intentionally Disable Credit Card Security Measures (in order to allow over-the-limit donations, foreign contributions and other illegal fundraising measures   Source: Power Line)   First President to send 80 percent of a $16 billion program (green energy) to his campaign bundlers and contributors, leaving only 20% to those who did not contribute. (Source: Washington Examiner)   First President to Propose an Executive Order Demanding Companies Disclose Their Political Contributions to Bid on Government Contracts (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to issue an Executive Order implementing a  Racial Justice System , a system that tries to achieve  racially equivalent outcomes  for crimes (Source: Daily Caller)   First President to Leak Confidential IRS Tax Records to Groups Aligned Politically With Him for Partisan Advantage (Source: The Hill Newspaper)   First President to Use the EPA to Punish Political Enemies and Reward Political Allies (Source: Competitive Enterprise Institute)   First President to Send Millions in Taxpayer Dollars to His Wife s Former Employer (Source: White House Dossier)   First President to Openly Use the Department of Justice to Intimidate Political Opponents and Threaten Companies to Donate to His Campaign (Source: Peter Schweizer, Extortion)   First President to Direct His Census Dept. to Make Up Favorable Employment Data In Run-Up to His Reelection Campaign (Source: New York Post)   First President to Have His Administration Fund an Organization Tied to the Cop-Killing Terrorist Group, the Weather Underground (Source: National Review)   First President to have the EPA conduct hazardous experiments on the ill, infirm and elederly to push a radical environmental agenda, in a manner not dissimilar to the Third Reich s inhuman medical experiments (Source: The EPA Office of the Inspector General).   First President to be Accused by His Own Party of Ordering the CIA to Spy on Congress (Source: Washington Post)  First President to allow deadly Ebola disease-ridden patients to enter the U.S., refusing to restrict travel from infected countries like other Western allies (Source: New York Daily News)   First president to order his EPA to unilaterally overturn a Federal Statute (changing the borders of Wyoming established by an act of Congress, Source: Casper Star-Tribune).   First president to systematically delay enacting a wide variety of controversial rules until after a presidential election (Source: Washington Post)   First president to have Politifact designate one of his statements  Lie of the Year  (Source: Politifact)Economy   First President to Preside Over a Cut to the Credit Rating of the United States Government (Source: Reuters)   First President to Bypass Congress and Implement the DREAM Act Through Executive Fiat (Source: Christian Science Monitor)   First President to Move America Past the Dependency Tipping Point, In Which 51% of Households Now Pay No Income Taxes (Source: Center for Individual Freedom)   First President to Increase Food Stamp Spending By More Than 100% in Less Than Four Years (Source: Sen. Jeff Sessions)   First President to Spend a Trillion Dollars on  Shovel-Ready  Jobs   and Later Admit There Was No Such Thing as Shovel-Ready Jobs (Source: President Obama during an early meeting of his  Jobs Council )   First President to Threaten Insurance Companies After They Publicly Spoke out on How Obamacare Helped Cause their Rate Increases (Source: The Hill)   First President to Abrogate Bankruptcy Law to Turn Over Control of Companies to His Union Supporters (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Propose Budgets So Unreasonable That Not a Single Representative From Either Party Would Cast a Vote in Favor (Sources: The Hill, Open Market)   First President Whose Economic Policies Have the Number of Americans on Disability Exceed the Population of New York (Source: CNS News)   First President to Sign a Law Requiring All Americans to Purchase a Product From a Third Party (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Sue States For Enforcing Immigration Laws Passed by Congress (Source: The Arizona Republic newspaper)   First President to See America Lose Its Status as the World s Largest Economy (Source: Peterson Institute)   First President to redistribute $26.5 billion of the taxpayers  funds to his union supporters in the UAW (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Threaten an Auto Company (Ford) After It Publicly Mocked Bailouts of GM and Chrysler (Source: Detroit News)   First President to Run a Record 5 Straight Years of Deficits for the Disability Trust Fund (Source: CNS News)   First President to Attempt to Bully a Major Manufacturing Company Into Not Opening a Factory in a Right-to-Work State (Boeing s facility in South Carolina   Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President Since 1872 to See the U.S. Economy Sink From 1st to 2nd Largest in the World (Source: Financial Times).   First President to Conceal Food Stamp Data From Public Scrutiny (Source: Judicial Watch:  8th Circuit Says USDA Can t Keep Hiding Food Stamp Data )   First President to Leave the American Middle Class No Longer the World s Richest (Source: The New York Times)   First President to Retaliate Against a Rating Agency for Downgrading the United States Debt (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First President to Expand the Regulatory State to an Unprecedented Degree ( New record: Feds issued 56 regs for every new law, 3,659 in 2013 , Source: Washington Examiner)Energy Policy   First President to Endanger the Stability of the Electric Grid by Shutting Down Hundreds of Coal-Fired Plants Without Adequate Replacement Technologies (Source: National Electric Reliability Corporation   PDF)   First President to Have His EPA Repudiated by a Federal Judge for  Overstepping Its Powers  When They Attempted to Shut Down Coal Operations in Appalachia (Source: Huffington Post)   First President to be Held in Contempt of Court for Illegally Obstructing Oil Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico (Source: Politico) National Security and World Affairs   First President to Lie Repeatedly to the American People About the Murder of a U.S. Ambassador and Three Other Diplomatic Personnel for Purely Political Reasons, Rewriting a  Talking Points  Memo No Fewer Than a Dozen Times to Avoid Referencing a Pre-Planned Terror Attack (Source: ABC News)   First President to Openly Defy a Congressional Order Not To Share Sensitive Nuclear Defense Secrets With the Russian Government (Sources: ABC News, Rep. Michael Turner)   First President to Leak Highly Classified Military and Intelligence Secrets to Hollywood In Order to Promote a Movie That Could Help His Reelection Campaign (Source: Judicial Watch)Read more: kenn niemann",0
21863,100% FED UP! WITH HILLARY 2016? WE’VE GOT THE AWESOME ANSWER AND REASONS #WHYIMNOTVOTINGFORHILLARY,"Yada, yada, yada  Hillary Clinton announced her 2016 presidential bid in a two-minute video that she uploaded to YouTube. Is everyone else as 100% FED Up! with the Hillary 2016 push from the main stream media? Yep, I thought so BUT THIS IS AWESOME AND YOU SHOULD PARTICIPATE ON TWITTER: Within minutes of her announcement, Twitter blew up with the following hashtag: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary. It quickly became the number one trending hashtag.In honor of this awesome hashtag, here is a list of some of the best reasons why Americans are choosing to NOT vote for Hillary Clinton: America should not be run by crooks. She hasn t cared about the Middle Class in 70 years. She s starting now???? I support women! That includes the unborn in the womb. I won t support anyone that supports Planned Parenthood. When terrorists murdered a US ambassador and 3 other Americans, her response was,  What difference does it make? She takes money from countries that execute homosexuals and oppress women. She couldn t satisfy her husband how is she going to satisfy a whole country? Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, and Glen Doherty. Because she s morally bankrupt! Judge Jeanine: Hillary Clinton is only out for herself. She is the poster child for what s wrong with our government. She is a criminal. She is a liar. She has accomplished nothing. I don t believe in socialism. The left believes in the supremacy of govt over the individual. Do you want tyranny or liberty? I don t believe in political dynasties. Because God must be ignored to adopt her   Ends Justifies the Means   ideology. She is Bill and Obama but without the charm. Enough is too much already. Corruption, incompetence, dishonesty, elitism  just a few reasons. As a Hispanic, black woman I feel insulted by Dems who feel my needs are only abortion, immigration and racism. Because her greatest accomplishment has been accomplishing nothing worthy of our votes. I ve taken European History. I know the dangers of a socialist leader. Because she s worse than Caligula. Worse than the Oakland Raiders. Worse than Obamacare. Almost as bad as cancer.  Boo yah!Please feel free to join in on the trend and issue your own #WhyImNotVotingForHillary tweet!Via: Down Trend",0
21864,CUBA STILL A COMMIE HELLHOLE AFTER OBAMA’S “NORMALIZATION”: 4 YEARS IN THE SLAMMER FOR “SOCIAL DANGEROUSNESS”,"Don t you know Obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. Well, the Cuban government has only increased their detention of political dissenters since the  normalization  of relations with the Communist country. Basically, we ve just given Cuba more money to oppress its people it ll all a big fat NOTHING-BURGER The Cuban Human Rights and National Reconciliation Commission, or CCDHRN, said Thursday that Cuba s government detained 610 people for political reasons in March, the highest number in the past seven months. There is a noticeable trend toward increasing repressive activities of this kind,  the CCDHRN said in its monthly report.  At the same time, we also identify 95 cases of people who suffered other forms of political repression including physical attacks, police harassment and vandalism and hostile demonstrations. The exercise of all civil and political rights is still a crime,  the group said, noting that the Cuban penal code still includes an offense called  pre-criminal social dangerousness,  which is punishable by up to four years in prison.The country is unlikely to see an improvement in respect for fundamental, civil and political rights  as a result of the government s inflexible posture and its opposition to any effort or proposal leading to the urgent judicial, economic and political reforms that the Cuban people need and deserve,  the commission said. Read more: Latin American Herald",0
21865,"PRO ABORTION PAC, Emily’s List Doing Its Part To Keep Minority Population In Check… Endorses Hillary","Of course Emily s List is going to support Hillary, because Democrats have been doing their part to keep the   unwanted  or  undesirable  babies from making it out of the womb alive for decades .WASHINGTON, D.C.   Today EMILY s List, the nation s largest resource for women in politics, endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. Clinton is on track to become the first woman to win the Democratic nomination, and if elected, the first woman president of the United States. Hillary Clinton is a lifelong champion for women and families and the most qualified candidate to be president,  said Stephanie Schriock, President of EMILY s List.  With roots in the middle class, Hillary s top priority is changing the economic reality for American families. Her focus is on strengthening the middle class, creating jobs, and making sure hardworking families get a fair shot. No one will work harder than Hillary. She knows how to lead so Washington fights for all Americans. As president, Hillary will create more opportunities than ever for women and girls (give them access to on demand abortions) and for all hardworking Americans across the country, just as she has done throughout her exceptional career. The EMILY s List community   now more than three million members strong   is proud to endorse Hillary Clinton for president. Hillary Clinton has devoted her entire career to fighting for women and families (supporting the killing of unborn babies). Instead of going to a big law firm after graduating from Yale Law School, she took her first job going door to door for the Children s Defense Fund. She helped lead the fight for the Children s Health Insurance Program as first lady of the United States, and she put emphasis on women s rights as a  cornerstone of American foreign policy  as Secretary of State.A visionary leader who s always worked to create opportunity for others, Hillary has said she believes  our challenge is to be clear-eyed about the world as it is while never losing sight of the world as we want it to become.  When she is elected president, it will mean more opportunities for women, more opportunities for girls, and more opportunities for hardworking Americans across the country.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
21866,[Video] OBAMA TAKES ADVANTAGE Of Opportunity To Speak In Front Of Communists in Panama About Racist America: ‘There Are Dark Chapters in Our Own History’," We have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. Obama makes sure to let everyone know  Americans never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to  change.' We re pretty sure every communist and socialist in the room would approve of Obama s version of  change. h/t red flag news",0
21867,(VIDEO) UNBELIEVABLE! BLACK JUDGE BERATES VICTIMS OF HOME INVASION AND YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHY,"You won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. Can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?The reason Judge Olu Stevens of Louisville, Kentucky berated a family that was terrorized by two black home invaders   in court and on Facebook   will knock your socks off. In all my years, I don t think I ve ever seen such an egregious example of race-card abuse.The judge was  troubled  and  offended  by the fact that a three year victim was so traumatized by a violent home invasion, she is now fearful of black males.Jordan and Tommy Gray s 3-year old daughter was watching  SpongeBob  when two black armed men broke into her home and robbed her family at gunpoint   one of the perps pointing a gun in her father s face.Mom and dad honestly noted on the their victim impact statement that she is still afraid of black men 2 years later. Whenever we are running errands, if we come across a black male, she holds me tight and begs me to leave,  the mother said.  It has affected her friendships at school and our relationships with African-American friends. Tommy Gray also wrote that since the crime, his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for Gregory Wallace, 27, who had pleaded guilty to robbery. If holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation, then our system is flawed,  Gray said.But when Wallace was brought up for sentencing Feb. 4 in Jefferson Circuit Court, it was the parents, not Wallace, who suffered Judge Olu Stevens  wrath. I am offended.   I am deeply offended that they would be victimized by an individual and express some kind of fear of all black men,  he said. This little girl certainly has been victimized, and she can t help the way she feels,  he said.  My exception is more with her parents and their accepting that kind of mentality and fostering those type of stereotypes. The Grays were not in court as Stevens denounced their statements and granted probation to Wallace, whom he said deserved the opportunity to redeem himself.But they did see when Stevens condemned their statements again, in a post on Facebook. Do three year olds form such generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions of others?  he wrote.  I think not. Perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them. That a supposedly unbiased judge would ask such an ridiculously biased  leading question  does not speak well of him.It s obviously true that three year olds generally don t develop  generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions (as if you could call her fears those things)  on their own.  This young tot had a little help   She was traumatized when a couple of black home invaders terrorized her family. Is this judge stupid?The family is obviously unhappy that the ordeal has negatively impacted their daughter s view of blacks. How did he miss that? It s why they listed it it on the impact statement.Later Stevens said,  I wasn t criticizing the victims, I was criticizing a statement that I thought was a generalization against an entire race of people. He was criticizing the feelings of a three year old victim of a crime. Shame on him. #SMDHMeanwhile    Wallace and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, both 27, were arrested about three weeks after the robbery. Both pleaded guilty and McAfee, who was on probation for a prior crime, was sentenced to 10 years in prison, which he is serving.Assistant Commonwealth s Attorney Richard Elder objected to probation for Wallace, who pleaded guilty to a 20-year sentence, saying he was  guilty as hell  and  put a gun in that little girl s father s face. Via: nice deb",0
21868,"THIS IS GREAT! ANTI-HILLARY STREET ART POPS UP EVERYWHERE IN BROOKLYNHillary Clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… The area around Hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:          ","Hillary Clinton s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive The area around Hillary s campaign headquarters was plastered with this: ",0
21869,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,0
21870,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,0
21871,(VIDEO) OBAMA THROWS AMERICA UNDER THE BUS…AGAIN," I am a student of history so I tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. I am the first one to acknowledge that America s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. And, I m certainly mindful that there are dark chapters in our own history in which we have not always observed the principles and ideals upon which the country was founded. Just a few weeks ago I was in Selma, Alabama celebrating the 50th anniversary of a march across a bridge that resulted in horrific violence and the reason I was there and the reason it was a celebration is because it was a triumph of human spirit in which ordinary people without resort to violence were able to overcome systematic segregation. There voices were heard and our country changed. America never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to change. ",0
21872,(VIDEO) WOMAN BEATEN BY TWO TEENS AFTER ‘SHUSHING’ THEM IN MOVIE THEATER,"Is everyone else thinking what I m thinking? Two words come to mind on this one: concealed carry A Stroudsburg, Pa., woman suffered a broken eye socket and bruises during the attack, which took place in a local movie theater of all places. And why did the group of teen girls allegedly pounce on victim Cindy Santamaria-Williams? She tells WNEP-TV, which broke the story, that she  shushed  them for being  loud and cursing. Worse, the attack didn t occur during the heat of the moment inside the theater. The woman tells WNEP that the girls jumped her after the film let out.  They immediately jumped on me and knocked me to the ground, punched me in the face,  she said, adding that the original girls were waiting with five other teens. She tells WNEP that she hopes someone will come forward to help police catch the young suspects:  They were in my face. Their face is in my head. If I see them again or in a line up, I know exactly who they are,  Santamaria-Williams said. Stroud Area Regional Police Chief William Parrish says authorities are looking at video from the mall.Via: wnep",0
21873,"(VIDEO) HYSTERICAL SNL TAKE ON HILLARY’S ANNOUNCEMENT: ‘BUCKLE UP AMERICA, THE CLINTONS ARE BACK!’", ,0
21874,HILLARY SHOWS HER TRUE COLORS IN A VIDEO SHE DIDN’T THINK ANYONE WOULD SEE,"Since Hillary s making a big announcement today we thought we d give everyone a chance to see the real Hillary. This is a side of Hillary that we ve all heard about, but is rarely captured on film.Don t look now Hillary, but your arrogance is showing.Hillary s war on women ",0
21875,UPDATE: 40% OF VICTIM’S SKULL IS MISSING…No New Arrests [Graphic Video] PHILADELPHIA POLICE ASK FOR HELP IDENTIFYING GANG OF KIDS And Mother For Sub-Human Attack On Homeless Man With Hammer,"UPDATE: Robert Barnes, the white homeless man who was viciously beaten by a van full of black people (mostly women and children) is still clinging to his life in the ICU unit at a hospital in Philadelphia. His head is filled with staples and 40% of his skull has been removed. According to his Diane Barnes, his sister he was an alcoholic who was a loving brother, nephew and uncle and his family loves him. Police say there was no evidence the homeless man, Robert Barnes did anything to provoke the incident.Unlike the Michael Brown shooting or Eric Garner case or even the most recent shooting of a black man in SC by a white cop, you won t likely see this video on any TV  news channels because it doesn t fit their narrative. The Philadelphia Police Department could really use your help to identify the sub-humans who attacked this homeless man standing outside of a gas station in North Philadelphia.***WARNING****VIDEO IS VERY GRAPHIC & DISTURBING***https://youtu.be/thDRHavFIw8The boy in the red jacket who first approached the man and hits him appears to be visibly shaken by the shocking violent acts against the homeless man by the women he is with. He appears to start crying and is then guided back to the van by one of the females who arrived in the van with the gang. One of the women actually brought the little boy back to see the beaten man following their sub-human attack on him before directing him to get back into the getaway van.  It s an especially nice touch.Philadelphia Police posted a video to YouTube on Friday of a vicious mob attack on a homeless man at a North Philadelphia Olney gas station that occurred on Tuesday. The man was left for dead after being attacked with a hammer, mace and a chair leg and having his head repeatedly stomped on by several attackers.Philadelphia media reports the attack was precipitated by a dispute between the man and a ten year old boy over who could hustle customers to pay them to pump gas. The boy reportedly claimed he was hit by the man, a claim that was disproven by security camera footage. The mob attack was participated in by the boy s mother who allegedly beat the homeless man with a chair leg in his face and head until the chair leg broke.This description was included with the posting of the video by police: Published on Apr 10, 2015 Northwest Detective Division is asking for the public s assistance to identify and locate the suspects wanted for an aggravated assault in Olney. On Tuesday, April 7, 2015, at 6:51 pm, 35th District Police responded to a fight on the highway located at 5538 North 5th Street. When police arrived they found the complainant, a 51 year-old male, lying on the ground bleeding from his head. Surveillance video recovered from a nearby surveillance system depicted a group of unknown males and females exiting a gray minivan with a hammer, mace, and a piece of wood assaulting the complainant repeatedly then fleeing the area. A short time later police, observed a Silver Honda Odyssey in the parking lot of Einstein Hospital with two females inside. The two females identified as Shareena Joachim and Aleathea Gillard who assaulted the complainant were taken into custody. The complainant was transported to Einstein Hospital by Medics where he was treated for head injuries and is listed in critical condition. If you see this suspect do not approach him, contact 911 immediately. To submit a tip via telephone, dial 215.686.TIPS (8477) or text a tip to PPD TIP or 773847.  All tips will be confidential. If you have any information about this crime or this suspect, please contact: Northwest Detective Division  215-686-3353/3354  DC# 15-35-027260  Det. Jefferson #9299 The Philadelphia Inquirer described the attack: Footage from the station s surveillance camera shows the group running from the minivan toward the victim, with the boy s mother, 34-year-old Aleathea Gillard, swinging the rocking chair leg, police said. A close family friend, Shareena Joachim, 24, carried the Mace, they say. Joachim was the first to reach the man as he stood by the door of the station s convenience store. She tried to spray the Mace in his eyes   but missed, hitting someone in her group instead, police said. As she backed off, Gillard and others moved in. Gillard swung the chair leg into the victim s head and face, hitting him over and over, until the chair leg broke over his head, police said. One woman beat the victim with what police believe is a hammer. Two juveniles, police said, stomped and kicked him in the head. As the group pulled back, Joachim pulled the boy by his red-and-yellow jacket toward the victim, let him look, and then ushered him back into the van before it pulled away. The Inquirer reported the unnamed victim is in a medically induced coma.WPVI-TV quoted a police spokesman saying the victim s prognosis was not good. The male right now is not doing that great, he s in critical condition. We re not sure if he s gonna make it or not and It s very tragic,  said Capt. Malachi Jones, Philadelphia Police. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21876,EGYPTIAN COURT SENTENCES MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD LEADER AND 13 OTHERS TO DEATH AND LEADER’S “Peaceful” U.S.-Egyptian Brother To Life In Prison,"But wait wasn t the Muslim Brotherhood s Arab Spring (Sharia Law for all Egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? An Egyptian court sentenced Mohamed Badie, leader of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood, and 13 other senior members of the group to death for inciting chaos and violence, and gave a life term to a U.S.-Egyptian citizen for ties to the Brotherhood.The men were among thousands of people detained after freely elected Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was toppled in 2013 by the military under Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who is now president.Sisi describes the Brotherhood as a major security threat. The group says it is committed to peaceful activism and had nothing to do with Islamist militant violence in Egypt since Mursi s fall following mass protests against his rule.Egypt s mass trials of Brotherhood members and people accused of links to the group, as well as its tough crackdown on Islamist and liberal opposition alike, have drawn international criticism of its judicial system and human rights record.The sentences, pronounced at a televised court session on Saturday, can be appealed before Egypt s highest civilian court in a process that could take years to reach a final verdict.U.S.-Egyptian citizen Mohamed Soltan was sentenced to life in jail for supporting the veteran Islamist movement and transmitting false news. He is the son of Brotherhood preacher Salah Soltan, who was among those sentenced to death.Mohamed Abdel-Mawgod, one of the defense lawyers, condemned the verdicts.  The court did not differentiate between the defendants and put them all in the same basket,  he told reporters at the courthouse. None of the defendants were present during the hearing.Badie is the Brotherhood s General Guide and has already been sentenced to several death and life sentences. His deputy Khairat El-Shater was given a life sentence on Saturday. OPERATIONS ROOM  TRIALRights groups say Egypt, where a popular uprising toppled veteran autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011 and started years of political turmoil, is now cracking down on all dissent. Sisi says stability is needed to revive the shattered economy.Rights advocates have criticized a U.S. decision to end a freeze on military aid to Cairo, saying Washington is putting human rights on the backburner. The United States has said the decision to end the freeze was in the interest of national security.Mohamed Soltan, 27, arrested in August 2013, had been on hunger strike while in prison. He deserves the punishment because of the money and instructions from the Brotherhood which were found with him, and for spreading chaos and horror in society,  presiding Judge Mohamed Nagi Shehata told reporters.Sara Mohamed, a relative of the Soltan family, said they would appeal the verdict.  It was a farce trial of the first class None of the defendants attended the session,  she told Reuters by phone.A website calling for Mohamed Soltan s release says he was not a member of the Brotherhood, describing him as a U.S.-educated peace activist who was involved in youth events and charities. The website shows pictures of him lying emaciated on a stretcher while in detention.Saturday s case was known in local media as  The Rabaa Operations Room  trial. This is in reference to a sit-in at Rabaa square in 2013 in which hundreds of people protesting at the overthrow of Mursi were killed when security forces tried to clear the area by force.Cairo has defended its actions, saying it had given protesters the opportunity to leave peacefully and that armed elements within the Brotherhood initiated the violence.Saturday s session sentenced 51 people. Those who were not sentenced to death were given a life sentence. The long list of charges included leading and funding an outlawed group, overturning the constitution and planning to spread chaos, a court source said.Via: Reuters",0
21877,BREAKING: WHY DID MASSACHUSETTS OFFICIALS WAIT SO LONG To Release This Video Showing Thug Shooting Police Officer In Face? [VIDEO],"Where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? It clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on March 27, 2015 and the video is just being released today Massachusetts officials on Friday released video footage showing the near-fatal shooting of a Boston police officer last month by a man who was subsequently shot dead by other officers.The decision to release the footage comes amid protests in several major U.S. cities over a series of killings of civilians in recent months. The latest occurred last Saturday when a white officer in South Carolina was videotaped shooting an unarmed black man as he fled after a traffic stop. It is in everyone s best interest to share (this) information as soon as possible in order to tamp down speculation and rumors meant to inflame and not inform,  Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said at a news conference.The video shows six-year Boston Police Department veteran John Moynihan and two colleagues approaching a car stopped at about 6:40 p.m. on March 27 in Boston s Roxbury neighborhood.As Moynihan stands near the driver s door, a man identified by police as 41-year-old Angelo West jumps out of the vehicle, shoots Moynihan in the face and runs out of the camera frame as Moynihan falls to the ground.Authorities say West, who had a criminal record including prior gun charges, was shooting at police as he ran and that Moynihan s fellow officers returned fire, killing him.Moynihan, 34, is recovering after surgery to remove a bullet lodged in his neck.Local leaders at the news conference said that anger toward police over the incident was minimal. We need to be very aware that the work of police officers is indeed very dangerous,  said Rev. Mark Scott, of the Azusa Christian Community in Boston s Dorchester neighborhood.He called West s death  tragic,  but added that once someone pulls a gun on a police officer,  you don t leave the police any other option but to respond. The Suffolk District Attorney s office is investigating the shootings and has said it will release a full report on the incident later.Via: Reuters",0
21878,"JIHAD FOR DUMMIES: How US Army Enlistee, Mohammed Abdullah Hassan Was Caught Attempting To Bomb US Army Base","Note to little Johnny you might want to consider using a diary next time you write about how you d like to engage in violent jihad in the name of ISIS.A 20-year-old Kansas man plotted to kill American soldiers with a vehicle bomb at the Fort Riley military base, an attack he planned to carry out on behalf of the ISIS terror group, prosecutors announced Friday.John T. Booker, also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, was arrested as part of a lengthy FBI investigation. Federal authorities said he was arrested near the army base in Manhattan, Kansas, as he completed final preparations to detonate the bomb, which had, in fact, been rendered inert while he was under FBI surveillance. As alleged in the complaint, John Booker attempted to attack U.S. military personnel on U.S. soil purportedly in the name of (ISIS),  said Assistant Attorney General John Carlin.  Thanks to the efforts of the law enforcement community, we were able to safely disrupt this threat to the brave men and women who serve our country. Protecting American lives by identifying and bringing to justice those who wish to harm U.S. citizens remains the National Security Division s number one priority. Prosecutors said Booker repeatedly stated he wanted to engage in violent jihad on behalf of ISIS. He became an Army recruit and said he intended to commit an insider attack against American soldiers, like Major Nidal Hassan at Fort Hood in Texas.Booker is the latest among a number of ISIS sympathizers who have been arrested by the FBI in recent weeks.A criminal complaint unsealed Friday charged Booker with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction (explosives), one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization.He was due to appear Friday afternoon in federal court in Topeka.The criminal complaint Friday alleged that Booker spent months developing and attempting to execute a plan that would result in his own death as an ISIS suicide bomber. It also alleged that he  planned to pull the trigger of the explosives himself so that he would die in the explosion,  Kansas U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said at a news conference. I want to assure the public there was never any breach of Fort Riley Military Base, nor was the safety or the security of the base or its personnel ever at risk,  said Kansas City FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Jackson.  Recently the Command Staff at Fort Riley has been working hand in hand with law enforcement to ensure the utmost security and protection for the men and women who serve our country, and the surrounding community that supports the base. Booker allegedly plotted to construct an explosive device for attack on American soil for months during meetings with two FBI informants. He told one killing Americans was permissible because the Koran  says to kill your enemies wherever they are. Prosecutors said the jihadi wannabe advanced the plot by acquiring components for a vehicle bomb, producing a propaganda video and renting a storage locker to store components for the explosive device.Prosecutors said he identified Fort Riley as the target and talked about his commitment to trigger the device himself and become a jihadi martyr.His arrest came behind the wheel of a van he belived was packed with 1,000 pounds of explosive.Last year FoxNews.com reported exclusively that Booker was under investigation for threatening online to commit a  Fort Hood-inspired  act of terror just weeks away from reporting for basic training.The military learned of his radicalism   which had apparently been on display for months in online posts where he praised Usama bin Laden and pledged to die for radical Islam.FoxNews.com reported then that Booker was the subject of an FBI alert. Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush! I am so nervous,  read a March 19. 2014 post on the Facebook page authorities believe belonged to Booker.  NOT because I m scared to die but I am EAGER to meet my lord. FoxNews.com reported Booker enlisted in the Army in February 2014 and was due to report for basic training less than two months later on April 7. But the FBI interviewed him in March and alerted the Army, which formally discharged him.Via: FOX News",0
21879,YOUR TAX DOLLARS PROVIDE THIS ASST PROFESSOR A CAPTIVE AUDIENCE REQUIRED TO LISTEN THIS: ‘Religious Right worships an “a**hole’ God And ‘white supremacist Jesus’,"Yep that s correct. Your hard earned tax dollars are helping to pay her salary Just days before Easter, one professor took to the internet to blast Christian conservatives for inventing a  white supremacist Jesus. On Wednesday, Rutgers University professor Brittney Cooper published a column for online magazine Salon excoriating supporters of Indiana s Religious Freedom Restoration Act which she dubbed  religious freedom garbage and alleging that conservative Christians harbor  antagonistic  political views toward  every single group of people who are not white, male, Christian, cisgender, straight and middle-class. Any time right-wing conservatives declare that they are trying to restore or reclaim something, we should all be very afraid,  Cooper wrote in reference to the controversial Indiana law that prevents the state from constraining individuals  free exercise of religion without demonstrating a compelling government interest.According to Cooper, the law is the culmination of  conservative anxieties over the legalization of same-sex marriage in Indiana,  and will lead the state back to the  idyllic environs of the 1950s, wherein women, and gays, and blacks knew their respective places and stayed in them. Cooper says the Supreme Court s ruling last June in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby which allowed owners of closely held, for-profit corporations to seek exemptions from laws that violate their owners  religious beliefs provided the logic Indiana has used to  curtail and abridge  gay rights. She also claims the Indiana law  sanctions the exercise of Islamophobia  and declares it a slippery slope that will lead to  racially inflected religious discrimination. Nothing about the cultural and moral regime of the religious right in this country signals any kind of freedom,  writes Cooper, adding that  this kind of legislation is rooted in a politics that gives white people the authority to police and terrorize people of color, queer people and poor women. The self-proclaimed Christian professor says she often questions if she  worship[s] the same God of white religious conservatives,  who she describes as a  white, blond-haired, blue-eyed, gun-toting, Bible-quoting Jesus. I call this god, the god of white supremacy and patriarchy,  Cooper writes.According to Cooper,  if your politics are rooted in the contemporary anti-Black, misogynist, homophobic conservatism, then we are not serving the same God. That God, she claims, is  an asshole  with  nothing holy, loving, righteous, inclusive, liberatory theologically sound about him. Cooper concludes by encouraging others to declare  death to the unholy trinity of white supremacist, capitalist, heteropatriarchy  allegedly created by those on the Religious Right who  have pimped Jesus  death to support the global spread of American empire vis-a-vis war Cooper, who teaches Women s and Gender studies and Africana Studies at the publicly-funded university in New Brunswick, N.J., describes herself as a  next generation black intellectual. Via: Campus Reform",0
21880,‘MOTHER OF THE YEAR’ Drives11 And Armed 15 Yr. Old Sons Along With 4 Teenage Friends To A Fight,"A 14-year-old boy suffered a gunshot wound to the leg Wednesday (April 8) after a woman drove him and five other juveniles to a residence in Kenner to continue a fight that had occurred earlier in the day, authorities said.Police arrested the woman, Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, because she instigated the fight by taking over the group of boys, which included her own 11- and 15-year-old sons, said Lt. Brian McGregor, spokesman for the Kenner Police Department.The injured teen was taken to nearby Ochsner Medical Center in Kenner where he is expected to recover.The shooting occurred just after 5 p.m. Wednesday in the 3500 block of West Louisiana State Drive in Kenner. Police learned that the teens had been involved in an earlier fight at a bus stop, McGregor said. Authorities aren t sure what the teens were fighting about.Afterwards, Hall, of 225 Clemson Place, drove six juveniles about a mile and a half away from their Lincoln Manor neighborhood to West Louisiana State Drive to continue the brawl, McGregor said.At some point, a 15-year-old boy being confronted by Hall s group pulled out a .22-caliber pistol that had been stored in a backpack and began chasing them, McGregor said. He opened fire, hitting the 14-year-old boy.Police arrested the 15-year-old boy and booked him with aggravated battery, illegal possession of a handgun by a juvenile, possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number, illegal use of weapons and disturbing the peace by fighting, McGregor said.Officers arrested Hall and booked her with disturbing the peace by fighting and six counts of contributing to the delinquency of juveniles. Just because you ve been in a fight, it doesn t give you the right to go over there and start a whole new fight,  McGregor said.  She s instigating something by taking the group over there in the first place. Police also arrested Hall s two sons and booked them with disturbing the peace by fighting. Investigators expect more arrests to come as they identify the other teens who were present at the time of the fight and shooting, McGregor said.Authorities have also been told that video exists of the fight, and police are working to find it.  We re not going to have all these juveniles engaging in a fight in the city of Kenner,  McGregor said.",0
21881,Meet The CA Sheriff Who Won’t Be Bullied By Obama And Illegal Immigrant Activists Who Believe The Laws Don’t Apply To Lawbreakers," If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse.  Sheriff Donny YoungbloodThat kind of stance has won him enemies in California s immigrant-rights movement and frequent comparisons to Joe Arpaio, the brash Arizona sheriff notorious for his workplace raids and ID checks.Youngblood, 64, said he isn t trying to make headlines. The Vietnam War veteran, who grew up working in the potato sheds around Bakersfield, said he s happier hiking or riding his quarter horse, Sparky.He lives in the same modest suburban neighborhood where he grew up, on Bakersfield s now heavily Latino Eastside, and bristles at accusations that his policies encourage racial profiling, pointing out that a third of his deputies are Latino.As he drove through town on a recent morning, past oil derricks, gated golf courses and strip malls lined with Mexican restaurants and carnicerias, Youngblood outlined his philosophy on immigration.The federal government should start enforcing immigration laws   or write new ones, he said. He criticized President Obama s new deportation policies, which say most immigrants who have not committed serious crimes and have fewer than three minor crimes on their records should not be priorities for removal. You re in this country illegally and we re going to give you three bites of the apple? That s three victims!  Youngblood said.  If you commit crimes, you oughta go. Youngblood s defiant views have made him a rare voice of dissent in what has become the nation s most welcoming state for people in the country illegally.At a time when the Democrat-controlled Legislature has moved to allow such immigrants to drive, practice law and pay in-state college tuition   passing 26 immigrant-friendly laws last year alone, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures   Youngblood is an outlier.He has largely refused to sign paperwork that immigrant crime victims need to apply for U visas, which allow some victims to stay in the country lawfully. As president of the Major County Sheriffs  Assn., a national advocacy group, he has asked Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials to share data with police so patrol officers can determine whether the person they stop may be in the country illegally.Youngblood said his department began following the Trust Act last year on the advice of county attorneys. But he said he reserves the right to violate it. If ICE calls me and says,  You have someone there who has committed this heinous crime, and we really need you to hold them,  I m probably going to hold them,  he said.Youngblood s approach has been celebrated by those who believe, as he does, that Obama has been too lax on immigration enforcement.And it has made him the target of activists who accuse him of setting his own immigration policy and of sowing fear among the estimated 66,000 immigrants in this rural county illegally. People are scared,  said Lorena Lara, an immigrant who was brought to the country illegally by her farmworker father and who now works for a community organizing group called Faith in Action Kern County.  They re afraid to call the police because they think they might be deported. Immigrant advocates have been pushing for more protections and political representation in the Central Valley since Cesar Chavez launched the modern immigrant-rights movement in the grape fields here half a century ago. In recent years, Kern County has been the scene of tense standoffs between protesters on opposing sides of the immigration debate, including a well-publicized shouting match outside the Bakersfield office of Republican Rep. Kevin McCarthy in 2013.The majority of Kern County residents are Latino, but it wasn t until the 1990s that a Latino was elected to the Bakersfield City Council or the Kern County Board of Supervisors. (Political scientists point out that Latinos make up only about a third of registered voters and tend to turn out for elections at much lower rates than their white counterparts.)Youngblood says his views are in line with the conservative voters who have put him in office three times since 2006. Their ideas about immigration and government couldn t be more different than the electorate in Los Angeles, he added, even though Kern borders Los Angeles County. We are right-of-the-center on things,  he said.  I always say Kern is a county that ought to be in Arizona. Not far from Youngblood s home, Jose and his wife live in a run-down gray bungalow. There s a large portrait of the Virgin of Guadalupe in the living room and a dirt yard out front. On a recent evening, as the couple cleaned up after a long day in the fields, a locomotive screeched on nearby tracks.The couple came here from Mexico nine years ago to find work. Jose, who didn t want to give his full name because he said he fears retaliation from the sheriff, now earns $9 an hour picking almonds and oranges. He made $9 a day as a bus driver back home.Jose said that in 2013 he and his wife were attacked by armed robbers while they slept. The thieves stole everything of value and beat Jose for an hour, shattering his ribs.Organizers with the United Farm Workers encouraged Jose to apply for a U visa, saying he had a slam-dunk case. The crime was sufficiently severe, they said, and he had cooperated with the sheriff s deputies who responded to the 911 call.To apply for the visa, immigrants must present a declaration from the law enforcement agency that investigated the crime saying that they were or will be helpful.The Bakersfield Police Department, like most agencies in the nation, has a policy of signing all U visa declarations. Youngblood doesn t.Out of 160 requests between 2012 and 2014, he signed just four, according to Sheriff s Department records. I think he has something personal against Latinos,  said Jose, who prays that Youngblood  will find it in his heart to reconsider. We are at his mercy,  he said.Youngblood said he hasn t signed most declarations because he doesn t believe in the premise of the law. If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse,  he said.The sheriff s stance has won him supporters, such as Ellen Fluhart, 70, a retired rancher who lives in the northeastern part of the county. She said Youngblood s decision not to sign U visa petitions  is his prerogative. Fluhart said Youngblood s views are refreshing in a state where politicians have passed bills that she says encourage unlawful immigration. They broke the law,  Fluhart said.  They shouldn t be rewarded. Tensions between law enforcement and immigrant laborers in this community go back decades, said Gonzalo Santos, a sociologist at Cal State Bakersfield. In the 1930s, sheriff s officials deputized farm owners so they could use their badges to shut down labor protests, Santos said. Some farmworkers were killed.Now the department is intervening in immigration matters, said Santos, who called Youngblood  a rogue sheriff. Youngblood argues that Brown and the Legislature were interfering when they passed the Trust Act. Conflicting state and federal mandates put sheriffs like him  in the crosshairs,  he said. It s unfair, because the law is so unclear,  Youngblood said.  Really what we re looking for is clear law, clear direction. Via: LA Times",0
21882,ONLY IN DETROIT: SQUATTING ON THE SQUATTER TAKES A TURN,You won t want to miss this ,0
21883,FAMILY OF S.C. SHOOTING VICTIM HAS A MESSAGE FOR AL SHARPTON And He’s Not Gonna Like It…,"Poor little Al if he s not race baiting, he s hanging out with our  President  at the White House just waiting for the next white on black  injustice.  Heck if we didn t know better, we d almost think he enjoys being in front of the camera holding up the grieving parents but that would be so so insincere Stay away, Rev. Al. We don t want another Ferguson type of circus here,  a source close to the Scott family told The Daily News.That was the message from the family of South Carolina police shooting victim Walter Scott to the civil rights activist Thursday two days before the funeral for the slain father of four.That was a reference to the Missouri town that was rocked by violent demonstrations last year after black teen Michael Brown was killed by a white cop.Sharpton gave a rousing speech at the 18-year-old s funeral, which was attended by thousands.Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said they appreciate Sharpton s support but  the funeral is only going to be close family members. Via: NY Daily News",0
21884,NOT NEWS: [Graphic Video] Michigan Woman Runs Over Rival With Car Following Street Brawl,"This is a story that will never make the news. A woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately, it s just another day of black on black crime, so it doesn t fit the media s narrative A wild fight between two 19-year-olds along a Michigan street Monday came to a dramatic end when one ran over her rival with a car.What began as a fight in the middle of the street with onlookers encouraging   and sometimes interfering   with the one-on-one showdown devolved into a hit-and-run, shocking video shows. Let them fight,  at least one bystander yells repeatedly.Police have issued a warrant for Jalin Smith-Walker, accused of being behind the wheel during the graphic assault, The Grand Rapids Press reported. It was a fight between two former friends. It ultimately ended with blows being thrown,  Grand Rapids Sgt. Terry Dixon told the Press.Smith-Walker has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder.***Warning***This is a violent video with graphic language.Smith-Walker smiled broadly in her police mug shot after being arrested a few miles from the mall.After Monday s brawl in which the two tussled on the hood of one car, video shows a woman who police claim is Smith-Walker get into a car across the way and pull into the street.Via: NY Daily News",0
21885,"OBAMA’S RACISM CZAR, “REVEREND” AL SHARPTON CALLS FOR FEDERAL POLICE FORCE","Yeah putting the federal government in charge of our entire police force, sounds like a great idea Al. We re waiting for Al to call for an all black police force next you know, in the name of  fairness. Rev. Al Sharpton called for national policing legislation akin to the Civil Rights Act this morning at the kickoff his National Action Network s annual convention, just after the arrest of a white South Carolina police officer for murder in the shooting of an unarmed black man. There must be national policy and national law on policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.  We can t go from state to state, we ve got to have national law to protect people against these continued questions. Mr. Sharpton s comments, coming on the heels of multiple instances of police killings of unarmed men of color around the country, were met with applause from the crowd and from the dais, which was packed with elected officials including Mayor Bill de Blasio, Congressman Charles Rangel, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, city Comptroller Scott Stringer and state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoliThe convention kickoff, which featured a ribbon cutting with the lawmakers, came just hours after it was announced last night that North Charleston, S.C., police officer Michael T. Slager would be charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott who can be seen in a widely publicized video running away from Mr. Slager, while the officer shoots into the man s back repeatedly. The video offers a markedly different story than the one Mr. Slager first offered up: that Scott had stolen his taser and left him in fear for his life.Mr. Sharpton praised the city s mayor and police chief for bringing the charges, but said the nation couldn t rely on the judgement of local officials. We commend them, but we cannot have a justice system that hopes we have a mayor in the right city or a police chief,  he said.  We have to have one policy that is national. Mr. Sharpton later noted that the comparatively small town s officials had been braver than police leaders in bigger cities. He has been vocal about his belief that New York City police Daniel Pantaleo should have been charged with a crime in the death of an unarmed black Staten Island man, Eric Garner. A grand jury declined to indict Mr. Pantaleo, spurring protests throughout the city.That death, too, was captured in a widely published video. And though the footage did not lead to any charges, Mr. Sharpton said today the national legislation should focus on  cameras  as well as  accountability. He compared the fight for police reform to the civil rights struggle, noting that activists did not try to fix discrimination in individual states or cities. They fought for a national Civil Rights Act, a national Voting Rights Act. It s time for this country to have national policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.After the ribbon cutting, Mr. de Blasio whose first year in office was dominated by an effort to reform police-community relations after Garner s death and a subsequent City Hall feud with police union leadership said he agreed some kind of national standard should be set. It s a broad point he s making, and I think he way he made the analogy to the Voting Rights Act is the right one. We ve got to figure out how to create the right relationship between police and community,  Mr. de Blasio told reporters.  The vast majority of police do their job well and want to work more closely with the community. Obviously community residents want to work more closely with the police. But we have to create more of a national standard that says we all have to be on the same page. The relationship between Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Sharpton was fodder for his woes with police unions last year: they took umbrage when Mr. Sharpton was seated next to the mayor and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton at a City Hall round table, and dismissed Mr. Sharpton as divisive. A poll later showed voters didn t like the approaches of either Mr. Sharpton or the union leaders and rank-and-file officers who later turned their backs on Mr. de Blasio at the funeral for two slain officers.Today, Mr. Sharpton offered a full-throated defense his relationship with the mayor, saying it was based not on political power but on a long history of working together, citing Mr. de Blasio s support on issues like wage increases and the silent march against stop, question and frisk before his election. He marched with us when other candidates wouldn t. So don t begrudge us for knowing somebody that we always knew, and that was there in the trenches with us,  Mr. Sharpton said, saying he had never asked for favors or back room deals only access and policy changes.  There s nothing in the back room we want. We want everything out front. Via: The Observer",0
21886,Wake Up America! “SEED COMMUNITIES” Of Muslim Refugees Are Sprouting Up All Over The U.S.,"Be aware and be ready to push back on this effort by the State Department and the United Nations to spread  seed communities  (their term) all over the U.S. Pretty soon we ll be covered up in refugees who are mostly (90%) muslim. We already have millions of illegals from Central America that we cannot and should not support. We now know that small towns across America like Athens, GA and Spartanburg, SC are being targeted for a influx of muslim refugees. Because it s very secretive (for obvious reasons), you need to keep your ear to the ground and push back like Athens and Spartanburg. Below is a fantastic piece that will fill you in on what s REALLY going on:With Muslim immigrants streaming into the United States at a rate of 100,000 per year, some of the communities targeted for new arrivals are seeking information on their new neighbors, only to be frustrated by federal bureaucrats and their hired contractors.How does a city get on the U.S. State Department s list of 190 communities selected for refugee resettlement? How can cities find out who will be coming and when? What services will they use, and what will be the cost to taxpayers?And, the granddaddy of all questions: Can the communities be assured that foreign nationals with ties to ISIS, al-Shabab and other Islamic terrorist groups won t slip through the government s porous screening process posing as  refugees ?The answers to these questions are simple. Very little information is available. And there are no guarantees that some very bad apples won t arrive in your town, says a leading expert on the refugee resettlement program. One community that is trying to get information right now is Spartanburg, South Carolina.On March 16, Ann Corcoran, author of the Refugee Resettlement Watch blog, spoke at a national security summit in Columbia, South Carolina, hosted by former Defense Department analyst Frank Gaffney. A few days before that conference, on March 9, a story broke in the local Spartanburg newspaper that World Relief, one of the nine resettlement agencies that works under contract with the federal government, was planning to open an office in Spartanburg.When an agency like World Relief opens an office in a city, it means refugees will be arriving soon. There are no public hearings or announcements in local media, Corcoran said. Typically a story will appear in the local newspaper just before or after the first arrivals appear in town.Corcoran met some activists at Gaffney s conference who wanted to find out more about the plans for resettling United Nations-certified refugees in their city. It is like pulling teeth to get any information,  Corcoran said.  And these are long-term grassroots activists who know how to get information. One of the activists is Christina Jeffrey, a political science professor and former U.S. House of Representatives historian who ran against Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., in last year s Republican primary. Gowdy is now chairman of the House subcommittee on immigration and refugees. He is chair of this committee, and so they want to set up a refugee office in his home district, and we still can t get any information,  Corcoran said.Jeffrey has asked the federal government to prepare a comprehensive impact statement, detailing the impact the refugees will have on Spartanburg s public services. Schools, health facilities, housing, the job market and public welfare programs will all be affected, but so far nobody is saying to what extent.The mayor of Athens, Georgia, who asked for the same type of report last year, encountered the same blackout of information.St. Cloud, Minnesota, residents have also inquired about how many more Somali refugees will be arriving in light of recent problems with Somali student protests at a local community college. Dozens of other Somalis have either left the country to fight for al-Shabab or ISIS while others have been charged and convicted with sending material support to overseas terrorist organizations. They re trying to get information because residents have heard the rumor that there are 1,500 more Somalis getting ready to be resettled there in St. Cloud,  Corcoran said.The resettlement agencies hold lots of meetings and place lots of phone calls with  stakeholders  in the targeted communities, but these collaborative efforts almost always occur outside of the public spotlight. The term  stakeholders  does not apply to you, the taxpayer footing the bill for all of this,  Corcoran said.According to a March 8 article in the Spartanburg Herald-Journal,  a partnership of faith leaders  called Come Closer Spartanburg issued an invitation more than a year ago to World Relief to open a refugee office in Spartanburg. The March 8 article was the first public revelation of this effort even though World Relief had been working behind the scenes with  stakeholders  for a year. An initial group of 65 refugees will arrive this year, starting in April or May, from Congo, Bhutan and Syria.Jeffrey, in a March 30 op-ed in the local newspaper, shed more light on the group, Come Closer Spartanburg, and its goals: On its website, Come Closer Spartanburg describes the city of Spartanburg as  home to what has been identified as the fifth most dangerous neighborhood in the United States. We have extremely high rates of unemployment, poverty and domestic violence. Overall, we were recently listed as the fourth most  miserable  city to live in our country. It does not take long to realize that we are a city in need of transformation. Jeffrey discovered that the objective is to plant a  seed community  in Spartanburg that will eventually blossom and transform the city. The federal government is creating communities within communities often pitted against each other economically and culturally.It s the same tactic that has been used for decades in Europe. Looking at other U.S. cities with new refugee communities, it appears that contractors often keep sending refugees to the same place until there is a community within a community. Unassimilated communities have created problems in Europe, and we are beginning to have similar problems here in the United States (witness Milwaukee, Wis., and Lewiston, Maine),  Jeffrey writes.Corcoran said the word  assimilation  is no longer used by the resettlement agencies and their friends in the federal government. Rather, the new buzzword is  integration.  The goal of integration is to have a multitude of diverse cultures living side by side in  coexistence  but never assimilating.President Obama issued an executive memorandum dated Nov. 21, 2014, to all federal agencies directing them on  Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrated Immigrants and Refugees. This sort of backroom dealing between the federal government, its hired resettlement contractors and local officials is not designed to provide information to the people who live and work in the targeted refugee cities, Corcoran said. They don t like this whole idea that their town is being secretly selected,  she said.  This has been going on for over a year now in Spartanburg, and the refugees are now due to start arriving in a month or so. And these people have no information until it s actually upon them. The mayor of Athens, Nancy Denson, requested a plan. The city of Spartanburg is asking for the same consideration. That s what these people in Spartanburg are asking for, and they are asking that when you have a plan that you present it publicly at a public hearing,  Corcoran said.  They don t want to have to show any of that to the public. They re saying it s only 65; well, it s only 65 for the first year. It will continue to be more every year afterward once you become a seed community. Of the more than 500 Syrian refugees brought to the U.S. so far this past year, 90 percent of them have been Muslim, Corcoran said.Read more: wnd ",0
21887,WHY DID HARRY REID LIE ABOUT THE “ACCIDENT” He Had That Left Him Blind In One Eye?,"Dirty Harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. He used to be pretty good at hiding it Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome New Year s Day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.Previously, Reid claimed that an exercise band he was using  broke. I was doing exercises that I ve been doing for many years with those large rubber bands and one of them broke and spun me around and I crashed into these cabinets and injured my eye,  (emphasis added) Reid said at a press conference on January 22.(You can see the video of that press conference here.)But now, in an interview conducted by Fusion (a joint venture between ABC and Univision), excerpts of which have been released today, Reid tells Univision anchor Jorge Ramos that the exercise band  slipped,  rather than  broke. [T]he [elastic band] strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet,  Reid tells Ramos.Reid s latest version of the incident, as told to Ramos, differs from previous versions advanced by his team in another very significant way. Sources familiar with the incident said Reid was exercising in his bathroom, with the exercise band attached to the shower door,  Politico reported on January 22. (emphasis added)As Breitbart News reported previously, that version of the story, almost certainly told to Politico by Reid s staffers with his approval, is not credible.Now, however, Reid tells Ramos a different story. The exercise band was not attached to the shower door in his bathroom, Reid says, but was instead attached to  a big metal hook that came out from the wall  in an unspecified room in his new Nevada home.Here s a partial transcript of the excerpt of the interview released by Fusion:Ramos: You said recently that the accident had nothing to do with your decision to retire.However, we are seeing the consequences of what happened.What really happened?Was it really with an elastic band?Reid: Yeah, I had a big, that thick (Reid gestures with his hands), that I had been using for about four years and I was, you know, trying to maintain my, uh, firmness, and, uh, that was my weight training. I was doing that in my new home here in Nevada and a big metal hook that came out from the wall that was hooked there that the strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard that uh Ramos: It looked like somebody had hit you.Reid: I am so fortunate that, um, it wasn t over just a fraction of this way and hit me in the temple.Ramos: How s your eye?Reid: I am sightless in my right eye.Watch the full video of the excerpts of the Fusion interview here:Ramos then switched gears and asked Reid about  the most difficult moments of [his] 28 years in the Senate. Ramos failed to ask some key follow up questions about Reid s New Year s Day injury incident.For instance, Ramos failed to ask Reid if the accident took place in his bathroom, as Reid s office had previously claimed. According to Reid s latest version of the story, we do not know in which room of his house he now claims he sustained these injuries.Breitbart News has asked Senator Reid s office, which has carefully controlled the release of information about his New Year s Day injuries, to comment on his changed version of the story of his New Year s Day injuries, but has received no reply.Via: Breitbart News",0
21888,IT’S TIME TO STOP THE LIES! ARE YOU SICK AND TIRED OF THE FALSE “Hands Up Don’t Shoot” NARRATIVE?,"Only one journalist has made it his mission to set the record straight about what really happened in Ferguson, MO on the day that Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson. Every American needs to know about this man who faux  journalists  fear. Phelim McAleer is not a household name in America but he should be. He s challenged Matt Damon, Susan Sarandon and Yoko Ono and Sean Lennon on the false narrative they were promoting about the dangers of fracking in America.Watch Phelim bravely confront Susan Sarandon, Yoko Ono and Sean Lennon here:Watch Phelim expose the truth about who was helping to fund Matt Damon s anti fracking movie:While America was fixated on Jodi Arias  murder trial for the stabbing death of her boyfriend, Phelim McAleer was focused on another trial that was taking place simultaneously that involved the most prolific serial killer of our time, abortionist  Dr. Kermit Gosnell. The mainstream media intentionally ignored the story of Kermit Gosnell because the truth about the crimes he committed would  surely harm the reputation of the coveted abortion industry. Phelim, along with his wife Ann McElhinney and Magdalena Segieda raised over $2.2 million on Indiegogo that is being used to finance the production of a made for TV movie that will tell the true and horrific story of Kermit Gosnell.Phelim has bravely gone against the tide on so many issues the left has been either lying about or hiding for years. Because the mainstream media fears him however, it s likely you ve never even heard his name. Our goal is to change that.Phelim s latest project,  Ferguson  will be a live play that was written by journalist and documentary filmmaker Phelim McAleer and will be directed by Nick DeGruccio.  Ferguson  will run from April 26-29 at Los Angeles s Odyssey Theater. The reenactment of the controversial killing of Michael Brown on stage will allow Americans to actually view the facts based on the Grand Jury testimony. McAleer told the Washington Times:  It s going to be a dramatized stage reading. Witnesses are going to describe what happened, just as they described it in the grand jury room. We re going to have cast at least 13 people, playing 20 different characters. The documents that accompany the testimony will be on a large screen.  The audience will act as the jury and their votes will decide whether or not Ferguson officer Darren Wilson should have been indicted.YOU CAN HELP PHELIM MCALEER TELL THE TRUTH about what happened in Ferguson by contributing to the production of his play  Ferguson  by clicking here.FERGUSON will be the first dramatization of the controversial shooting that prompted public outcry and riots, with protesters claiming that white police officer Wilson shot black teenager Brown as he was surrendering with his hands up. Ferguson  is certain to confound and frustrate the leftist mainstream media who believes they have already cemented the  hands up don t shoot  narrative in the minds of Americans, regardless of the facts. I want to bring the truth about what happened that day to the stage,  explains McAleer, a celebrated journalist and filmmaker.  I think audience members will be very surprised, even shocked, when they hear the clear and unaltered truth about the events that took place on Aug. 9, 2014. There are a lot of myths and half-truths circulating about the shooting. FERGUSON is a chance to dispel these once and for all. Because the subject matter is so controversial, McAleer is launching the play as an independent production financed by crowdfunding. I know people want the truth to be told, so now they can be part of that process by going to FergusonThePlay.com to help make that happen,  he says.Helmed by multiple award-winning director Nick DeGruccio (The Laramie Project at both Laguna Playhouse and the Colony Theatre), FERGUSON will be staged as an evening of  verbatim  or  truth  theater, modeled on Tricycle Theatre s wildly popular Tribunal Plays series that has been a staple in London for over two decades. Verbatim theater is defined as  a play constructed from the precise words spoken by people interviewed about a particular event or topic.  In this case, the audience will hear unaltered witness testimony, exactly as the Ferguson grand jury heard it.Concludes McAleer, who covered numerous crime scenes and court cases while reporting on the troubles in Northern Ireland for The Irish News and UK SundayTimes,  I ve always been fascinated with the truth and with reexamining facts once the controversy and grief have abated. That is what I want to bring to the stage with FERGUSON. McAleer is also a producer and director of documentaries, including FrackNation, about fracking ( meticulously researched provocative    The New York Times;  briskly paced  [a] mischievous pic.    Variety); Not Evil Just Wrong, examining the devastating consequences of global warming hysteria; and Mine Your Own Business, exploring campaigns by foreign environmentalists against large scale mining projects in the developing world, which the UK Guardian described as  A Michael Moore-style documentary [that] casts the green movement as the influential villain of a worldwide campaign to block development and deny people the chance of jobs and a decent life. As a foreign correspondent with the Financial Times and The Economist, McAleer covered the post communist chaos in Eastern Europe, and he is a regular columnist for the New York Post. He has appeared on BBC, CNN and Fox News, among others.The provocative nature of McAleer s projects make traditional financing difficult. With FrackNation, McAleer bypassed traditional funding methods and instead turned to Kickstarter, a crowd-funding website. It was one of the most successful documentary campaigns in Kickstarter history: in just 60 days, 3,305 backers donated $212,265. His Indiegogo campaign for Gosnell was the site s most successful ever, with over 26,500 people contributing $2.25 million in 45 days. FERGUSON is also being financed through crowdfunding. For more information, or to make a contribution, go to FergusonThePlay.com.",0
21889,OBAMA AND UNION LEADERS SELL OUT AMERICAN WORKERS By Turning Illegal Alien Into Union Members,"This story just proves what we ve been saying all along. When it comes to unions, it s not about the members, it s about the union leadership and how they can increase their membership numbers (dues). Aiding union leadership in their quest to add members to flailing union membership numbers is just a way for Obama to keep the skids greased and ensure future contributions from one of the largest Democrat party donors (unions) in America. Congressional investigators say they ve uncovered another attempt by the Obama administration to aid illegal immigrants in the U.S.   this time, by teaching foreign workers lessons on union organizing.The National Labor Relations Board has entered into agreements with Mexico, Ecuador and the Philippines to teach workers from those countries in the United States their rights when it comes to union activity.The agreements reportedly don t distinguish between illegal and legal immigrants. But lawmakers are worried it s part of an effort to shield illegal immigrants specifically, by encouraging them to join a union and get protection.NLRB spokeswoman Jessica Kahanek explained to Fox News that under the National Labor Relations Act,  employees, whether documented or undocumented, are protected from retaliation due to union or other protected concerted activity. That means employers could be charged for dismissing an illegal immigrant worker   if the firing is determined to be tied to the worker s union activityHouse Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican from Virginia, argued illegal immigrant workers could soon learn to exploit the system, creating a catch-22 for businesses. They could instead be charged with violating the National Labor Relations Act because someone will claim that they re doing it because the individual is engaged in unionization activities,  Goodlatte said.He also claimed the Obama administration was trying to keep the NLRB union education agreements, which were originally signed in 2013 and 2014, quiet. This is the first we ve learned of this and it s the first that news organizations have learned of this   and they didn t learn it because the administration came out and told them,  Goodlatte told Fox News. They learned about it because of leaked materials, and again, that is not the kind of transparency the American people expect of their government. An NLRB official, though, disputed the notion that the agreement was a  new development or something that was intentionally being kept out of the news. Yet it isn t just the NLRB that could view union activity as a shield for illegal immigrants.In June 2011, then-Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton issued a memo saying:  ICE officers, special agents and attorneys are reminded to exercise all appropriate discretion on a case-by-case basis when making detention and enforcement decisions in the cases . . . [of] individuals engaging in a protected activity related to civil or other rights (for example, union organizing). While this may serve as a way to boost union membership at a time when their numbers are trending downward, one activist said it will likely hurt U.S. citizen union members in the end. It seems that the union is almost selling out the interests of American workers and legal immigrant workers in order to boost its membership by appealing to illegal workers and getting the assistance of other countries in doing that,  Jessica Vaughan, of the Center for Immigration Studies, told Fox News.Via: FOX News",0
21890,UPDATE: WHY UNIV OF MICHIGAN REPLACED SCHEDULED SHOWING OF “American Sniper” With PG Movie About A Teddy Bear,"HUGE NEWS: The head coach of the University of Michigan s football team just tweeted that the football team WILL watch  American Sniper.  Coach Harbaugh made his remarks in defiance of the university and the Muslim Student Association   who canceled an upcoming screening of the film. Coach Harbaugh said he is  proud to be an American and if that offends anybody   then so be it. To hell with a true story about one of the most important American military heroes of our time. Sadly, PC trumps all in liberal colleges and universities across the United States University:  While our intent was to show a film, the impact of the content was harmful, and made students feel unsafe and unwelcome at our program A scheduled movie screening of  American Sniper  at the University of Michigan was abruptly cancelled Tuesday after nearly 300 students and others complained the film perpetuates  negative and misleading stereotypes  against Muslims. The movie American Sniper not only tolerates but promotes anti-Muslim   rhetoric and sympathizes with a mass killer,  according to an online letter circulated among the campus community via Google Docs that garnered the signatures.The signers were mostly students, but also some staff, as well as the Muslim Students  Association and the president of Students Allied for Freedom and Equality, a Palestinian solidarity group at UMich.The online memo, titled a  collective letter from Middle Eastern and North African (MENA) and Muslim students on campus,  accused the public university of  tolerating dangerous anti-Muslim and anti-MENA propaganda  by showing the movie, the highest grossing film of 2014.It follows U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, who served four combat tours in Operation Iraqi Freedom and was awarded two Silver Stars, five Bronze Stars with Valor, two Navy and Marine Corp Achievement Medals, and one Navy and Marine Corps commendation, according to his official Facebook page. But the protestors see him differently. Chris Kyle was a racist who took a disturbing stance on murdering Iraqi civilians,  the collective letter stated.  Middle Eastern characters in the film are not lent an ounce of humanity and watching this movie is provocative and unsafe to MENA and Muslim students who are too often reminded of how little the media and world values their lives.   The University of Michigan should not participate in further perpetuating these negative and misleading stereotypes. The film was set to be shown Friday on campus, but the letter   which asked for its cancellation   was successful. While our intent was to show a film, the impact of the content was harmful, and made students feel unsafe and unwelcomed at our program,  stated The Center for Campus Involvement, which oversees student activities and is run by university employees, as it announced its decision Tuesday on its various social media accounts, including Twitter and Facebook. We deeply regret causing harm to members of our community, and appreciate the thoughtful feedback provided to us by students and staff alike. Image of collective letter; not all signatories shownUniversity spokesman Rick Fitzgerald confirmed to The College Fix on Tuesday the movie was cancelled. The Center for Campus Involvement   did hear concerns from students,  Fitzgerald said, noting he did not have further details at the time.The Center for Campus Involvement did not return multiple phone calls seeking comment, but its official Twitter account noted  Paddington Bear,  a PG-rated movie about a stuffed animal s misadventures, will be shown instead of  American Sniper. We have elected to pull the film from this week s program and screen another movie in its place that we believe better creates the fun, engaging atmosphere we seek, without excluding valued members of our community,  the center stated.But not all students agree with this decision. It would be nice to see the university   take a stand against outrageous claims of  student exclusion,  University of Michigan sophomore Jason Weaver told The College Fix.  The film American Sniper in no way creates student exclusion any more than Saving Private Ryan. Both show American soldiers at war, the atrocities of war, and the costs of war, yet I m sure Saving Private Ryan would not illicit the same response. Just because the enemy in American Sniper shares ethnicity with students on campus does not mean they are conflated as the enemy any more than a German student should be conflated with Nazism. American Sniper  was set to be shown as part of the center s  UMix Late Night  program, which brings movies, games, dances and other social events to the student body. The center is responsible for more than 300 co-curricular programs each year, including cultural and educational programs, films, art exhibits, UMix Late Night, athletic/spirit activities and various performance groups and concerts, its website states. We in the Center for Campus Involvement and the UMix Late Night program did not intend to exclude any students or communities on campus through showing this film,  the center s announcement stated.  UMix should always be a safe space for students to engage, unwind, and create community with others, and we commit to listening to and learning from our community in the interest of fostering that environment.   We will take time to deeper understand and screen for content that can negatively stereotype a group.   Via: College Fix",0
21891,BREAKING: COURAGEOUS FEDERAL JUDGE DENIES OBAMA’S REQUEST TO LIFT STAY ON EXECUTIVE AMNESTY,"If I were U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen, I d be keeping these guys close by:The injunction that has blocked President Barack Obama s executive amnesty will remain in place following the ruling of a federal judge Tuesday night in this Texas border city.In a late night ruling, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen sided with the State of Texas and 25 other states that are suing to stop the executive action that would grant legal status to at least 5 million illegal immigrants.The states have sued the federal government claiming that Obama s amnesty would cause irreparable harm and financial loss to their state if the executive action continues. Earlier this year Hanen granted an injunction requested by the 26 states seeking to halt the implementation of Obama s amnesty. They states claimed the damage would have already been caused and even if they won the lawsuit there would be little they could to at that point.Hanen s new ruling comes after the U.S. Government tried to fight the judge s ruling by asking for a stay of the injunction and also after information pointed to a possible violation by the federal government by granting a three year extension to the program known as DACA which granted status to hundreds of thousands of undocumented aliens in school.Read Hanen s decision below.Hanen RulingVia: Breitbart News",0
21892,U.S. TAXPAYERS TO FOOT BILL FOR OUTRAGEOUS OBAMA SCHEME TO Import And Provide Housing For Relatives Of Illegal Aliens/Democrat Voters,"Thanks to Obama, all working Americans are beginning to see what it feels like to be a conservative who s been forced to pay union dues used to fund the Democrat party.  The American taxpayer can take comfort in knowing that more of their hard earned paycheck will now be used to cover travel expenses, housing, food, free education and free health care for the families of potentially millions of illegal aliens entering our country. It was selfish to think I needed the entire 60% of my take home pay. I ll just put my children s college fund on hold. They likely won t get a spot at the college they were hoping to attend anyhow, as they won t meet any of the special status requirements put forth by our government that are needed to hop to the front of the line in the admissions process.  To facilitate the often treacherous process of entering the United States illegally through the southern border, the Obama administration is offering free transportation from three Central American countries and a special refugee/parole program with  resettlement assistance  and permanent residency.Under the new initiative the administration has rebranded the official name it originally assigned to the droves of illegal immigrant minors who continue sneaking into the U.S. They re no longer known as Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC), a term that evidently was offensive and not politically correct enough for the powerful open borders movement. The new arrivals will be officially known as Central American Minors (CAM) and they will be eligible for a special refugee/parole that offers a free one-way flight to the U.S. from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The project is a joint venture between the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the State Department.Specifically, the  program provides certain children in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras with a safe, legal, and orderly alternative to the dangerous journey that some children are undertaking to the United States,  according to a DHS memo obtained by JW this week. The document goes on to say that the CAM program has started accepting applications from  qualifying parents  to bring their offspring under the age of 21 from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The candidates will then be granted a special refugee parole, which includes many taxpayer-funded perks and benefits. Among them is a free education, food stamps, medical care and living expenses.During a special teleconference this week officials from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the State Department explained how CAM will work. Only  friendly  groups and individuals invited by the government were allowed to participate and the event was not open to the media. Judicial Watch attended as a Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) with interest in the matter. Obama administration officials offered an overview of the new CAM initiative and confirmed that the U.S. has deployed staff to the region to handle the influx of applicants. A State Department official promoted CAM as a  family reunification  program that will be completely funded by American taxpayers, though the official claimed to have no idea what the cost will be.A U.S.-based parent will initiate the application to bring his or her child in from any of the three Central American countries. To qualify they must be a permanent resident, a parolee or a beneficiary of Obama s recent amnesty or deferred action. Many have probably lived illegally in the U.S. for years. The only out-of-pocket cost is for a DNA test to assure the child belongs to the applicant but Uncle Sam will reimburse the money if the result is positive. A U.S. official will interview the child, then a medical exam and  cultural orientation  will be conducted before the minor flies to the U.S. Once in the U.S. the illegal alien will get  resettlement assistance,  the State Department official confirmed during the teleconference.If the applicant doesn t qualify for the more desirable refugee status he or she can be considered for parole, a USCIS official explained in the teleconference, which was attended mostly by immigrant rights groups known for advocating on behalf of illegal aliens. Refugee status is a form of protection offered to those who are deemed of special humanitarian concern to the United States. Parole allows individuals who may be otherwise inadmissible to come to the U.S. on a case-by-case basis for urgent humanitarian reasons or significant public benefit. The State Department official assured that applicants need not express or document a credible fear to qualify under CAM because  we want to make sure this program is open to as many people as possible. Via: Judicial Watch",0
21893,BREAKING: TWO RUSSIAN NAVY SPY SHIPS OPERATING OFF U.S. COAST…White House Computers Are Hacked By Russians," Attacks against us are increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication and severity of impact. Although we must be prepared for a catastrophic large scale strike, a so-called cyber armageddon, the reality is that we ve been living with an expanding and constant barrage of cyber attacks for some time.    James Clapper, Director of National IntelligenceRussia reportedly hacked into a sensitive part of the White House computer system recently. They were able to view Obama s schedule.And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast.The Russian RFS VIKTOR LEONOV CCB175 was spotted near Havana in 2014.The Pentagon says there are now two Russian naval ships operating off of US shores. A second ship has recently come up from Venezuela.https://youtu.be/iIc2p3B0br0And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast. One ship recently left Venezuela to CNN reported:Russian hackers behind the damaging cyber intrusion of the State Department in recent months used that perch to penetrate sensitive parts of the White House computer system, according to U.S. officials briefed on the investigation.While the White House has said the breach only ever affected an unclassified system, that description belies the seriousness of the intrusion. The hackers had access to sensitive information such as real-time non-public details of the president s schedule. While such information is not classified, it is still highly sensitive and prized by foreign intelligence agencies, U.S. officials say.The White House in October said it noticed suspicious activity in the unclassified network that serves the executive office of the president. The system has been shut down periodically to allow for security upgrades.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21894,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDER POLICY COMES WITH SERIOUS NATIONAL SECURITY CONSEQUENCES: Iraqi Military Trainer Caught Crossing US-Mexico Border,"This is just one we caught crossing the border. What about the thousands we haven t caught or that we haven t heard about? Nothing to see here Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained leaked information on the Iraqi man who was apprehended while illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border into Texas on February 12, 2015.The Border Patrol agent responsible for interviewing the subject initially expressed concerns that the Iraqi was sent by Russia, largely due to the Iraqi man s history as a military trainer, his speaking several languages, including Russian, and his having lived in Crimea, according to one of the leaked documents. Breitbart Texas was provided with two documents by a federal agent who works under the umbrella of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). The agent insisted on remaining anonymous.The Iraqi man is named Ahmed Adnan Taha, Al Khafaji. His date of birth is 6-25-84. He has one sister in the U.S., one in Turkey, three brothers in Turkey, one in Ukraine, one in New York State, and three brothers in Iraq, according to the leaked documents.The Iraqi told U.S. authorities that he spoke fluent Russian and lived in Crimea prior to the Russian invasion. He further stated that a Ukrainian paid $4,000 for him to get to the U.S., however, the Iraqi refused to identify the Ukrainian to U.S. authorities.The public statement given by Border Patrol at the time of the Iraqi s apprehension stated,  On Thursday, February 12, 2015, RGV Border Patrol Agents encountered an adult Middle Eastern male south of Pharr, Texas. The subject was taken into custody and transported to the Border Patrol station for further processing. The subject was setup for Expedited Removal back to his country of origin and transferred to the custody of ICE/ERO. Breitbart Texas recently asked the Border Patrol agency about the specifics in this report and their spokesman for the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) responded,  All record checks were conducted, our federal partners did interview the subject with no derogatory information being found. It is significant to note that Border Patrol processing an individual does not mean that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) actually deported the individual.Breitbart Texas provides images of both leaked documents below. The second document contains copy-and-pasted information from the official report, according to the federal agent who provided the information. The typos in the report were contained in the original and therefore included. Breitbart Texas redacted the TECS ID number.Via: Breitbart News",0
21895,[Video] BURGER KING MANAGER CURSES OUT AND THREATENS CUSTOMER Who Asked For Refund,"A customer at Burger King is hoping to get a refund on her shake, but when no one responds to her plea for help she asks to speak to a manager.How this Burger King manager treats her is truly shocking!Whatever happened to customer service? Whatever happened to Americans who were proud to be elevated to a position in management? Whatever happened to civility?",0
21896,SHOCKING: UNIV OF HAWAII RECRUITS GIRLS AS YOUNG AS 14 YEARS OLD FOR 2ND TRIMESTER ABORTION EXPERIMENTS,"The moral decay continues The Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children at the University of Hawaii is currently recruiting pregnant girls and women to participate in second-trimester abortions to measure their bleeding during the operation, with and without antihemorrhagic drugs. According to the Clinical Trials website, run by the National Institutes of Health, participants must be at least 14 years old and 18-24 weeks pregnant.The controversial study, led by Bliss Kaneshiro, MD and Kate Whitehouse, DO, will monitor bleeding during D&E abortions to determine the effects of the drug oxytocin, commonly used to minimize blood loss and decrease the risk of hemorrhage.The clinical trial, called  Effects of Oxytocin on Bleeding Outcomes during Dilation and Evacuation  began in October 2014 and is a collaboration between UH, Society of Family Planning and the University of Washington.The Society of Family Planning funds a number of similar research projects, such as experimenting with the dosage of Misoprostol, a uterine contracting agent, prior to surgical abortions at 13-18 weeks and exploring umbilical cord injections to produce fetal death prior to late-term abortions.In the UH study, researchers will carry out a  randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials,  to determine the effect of oxytocin s use on uterine bleeding, meaning that they will either provide or deny intravenous oxytocin to the women.Reports suggest that some doctors are concerned that withholding oxytocin during surgery may put patients, especially teen girls, at risk. This study is reminiscent of Nazi concentration camp experiments. I pity the poor women who are being treated like lab rats, especially those who are denied the drug to reduce hemorrhaging,  said Troy Newman, President of Operation Rescue.Dilation and evacuation abortions are surgical procedures that involve dismembering the pre-born baby with forceps, scraping the inside of the uterus with a curette to remove any residuals and finally suctioning out the womb to make sure the contents are completely removed.After the abortion, the corpse of the fetus is reassembled and examined to ensure everything was successfully removed and that the abortion was complete.The study is hoping to attract up to 166 test subjects and is expected to conclude in July 2015.Via: Breitbart News",0
21897,[VIDEO] HUNDREDS OF MORMON FUNDAMENTALISTS SURROUND Mother Who Escaped Cult Community To Prevent Her From Extracting Her Children,"Evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard A 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist Mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,  ex-cult member Flora Jessop, who helped Tetzner through her legal battle, told KSL.Cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding Tetzner s van, the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors. A Mohave County judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm Thursday, but Tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen. FOX 10 News | fox10phoenix.comIt was only at midnight that they returned, and were quickly shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm s house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother.Tetzner spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended. When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning, and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying, Tetzner called police to intervene on her children s behalf. Sheriff s deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother s waiting arms.Allegedly, the children were not so happy to leave, since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell. Deputies escorted Tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern Utah, and reportedly FLDS members tailed them the whole way there.Since leaving the sect, she has remarried a man named Chase Tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together. A photo posted to her Facebook in August 2012, shows her in a half-white, half-camouflage wedding dress.Defenders of Children, a non-profit group that has been aiding Tetzner through her custody battle, said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman s children. Tetzner left the FLDS church eight years ago, about a year after the cult s leader Warren Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls. He is currently serving a life sentence in prison, but continues to head the church from behind bars.Custodial interference charges are pending against Samantha Holm, the aunt who initially wouldn t hand over Tetzner s children.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21898,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN CHRISTIAN MAN ASKS 13 GAY BAKERIES TO MAKE PRO-TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE CAKE [Video]," I was wondering if I could get a cake that says:  Gay marriage is wrong.  The tolerant answers that follow this question show the astounding hypocrisy of the left.Say that  Bestiality Is Wrong  or  Polygamy Is Wrong  and it s not considered hate speech, but if you have the opinion that  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  the whole world jumps up and down screaming  racism   bigotry  and  hatred .This is becoming the politically-correct norm, but no matter what one argues, this is suppressing free speech.No one targeted pro-gay bakeries, but gay activists target Christian bakeries.  Support Gay Marriage  is one Christian bakery was sued for refusing to put that slogan on a cake for an event to support the gay agenda. Yet Christian bakeries that refuse to make pro-homosexual marriage cakes are getting sued left, right, and center. They get fined, they get death threats, and they lose their businesses. This experiment proves beyond doubt that the gay agenda is not just about their freedom to practice a sexual orientation, but the suppression of free speech.To make our case we provided 3 video clips, the third one is a video showing homosexual activists in Ireland used the state to force a Christian bakery to make a cake with the slogan  Support Gay Marriage  for a pro-gay marriage event, but he refused which added a tremendous loss to his business. Several Christian bakeries were sued in the United States with several who lost their businesses and we said enough is enough.So Shoebat.com decided to call some 13 prominent pro-gay bakers in a row. Each one denied us the right to have  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  on a cake and even used deviant insults and obscenities against us. One baker even said all sorts of profanities against Christians and ended the conversation by saying that she will make me a cookie with a large phallus on it.It was all recorded. It will stun the American people as to how militant and intolerant the homosexual bakers were. Even after we completed our experiment we got a ton of hate messages saying that we were  hateful  for simply giving them a taste of their own medicine. They argued that the slogan  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  is not the same thing as  Support Gay Marriage  as if an opposite view of a view is hateful. This would mean that the majority of Americans who oppose gay marriage are  bigoted  and  hate filled .  Support Polygamy  or  Polygamy is Wrong  are views, yet the first which the Muslim supports and the second most Americans would never support, but both are opinions and are considered free speech.Watch what happens when a customer wants to buy a cake for his pro-traditional marriage event:****WARNING****STRONG LANGUAGE ALERT*** Language used by baker to customer on phone is extremely vulgar:https://youtu.be/AJaroR_qTNshttps://youtu.be/ptgAKywiHG0The homosexual activist in this third video said you can t choose who you serve, as though he is taking a purely objective position, but when we ask for the reverse of the same message, all of a sudden the saying of  you can t choose who you serve,  does not apply to us, the Christians.OUR POINTHere is our point. A Christian making a homosexual cake with  Support Gay Marriage  goes against his faith and a homosexual putting  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  goes against his faith as well. Now of course we honor their right to say no, this is not the issue, but what about honoring the Christian right to also say no?CONCLUSIONThe big lie of the homosexual agenda is this: They claim that they are only fighting for equality and tolerance.This is false.What then is their agenda?Via: Christian Patriot ",0
21899,SHOCKING: Why Our Fed Government Will Grant “Disabled” Status With Benefits To Spanish Speaking Residents Of Puerto Rico,"If we didn t know better, we d almost believe our Federal Government was attempting to give special privileges to Spanish speaking citizens. Perhaps they re establishing a precedent for taxpayer funded benefits for millions of illegal immigrants who will soon be American citizens The Social Security Administration (SSA) approved disability benefits for hundreds of Puerto Ricans because they do not speak English, despite the fact that Puerto Rico is a predominantly Spanish-speaking territory.According to a new audit by the Office of Inspector General (OIG), the agency is misapplying rules that are intended to provide financial assistance to individuals who are illiterate or cannot speak English in the United States. Under the rules, Puerto Ricans are allowed to receive disability benefits for their inability to speak English as well. We found the Agency did not make exceptions regarding the English-language grid rules for claimants who reside in Puerto Rico, even though Spanish is the predominant language spoken in the local economy,  the OIG said.The audit said a person applying for disability in Puerto Rico who cannot speak English  may increase his/her likelihood of receiving disability benefits. The agency does not currently have a system in place to keep track of the number of beneficiaries who receive disability insurance for not being able to speak English.However, the OIG was able to identify 218 cases between 2011 and 2013 where Puerto Ricans were awarded disability due to  an inability to communicate in English.  Furthermore, 4 percent of disability hearings in Puerto Rico involved looking at the individual s ability to speak, read, write, and understand English.Though 95 percent of Puerto Ricans speak Spanish at home, according to the rules a Spanish-speaking nurse in Puerto Rico would be considered  unskilled,  the OIG said.The SSA told the OIG that the rules are applied one-size-fits-all. SSA managers at various disability decision levels stated Social Security is a national program, and the grids must be applied to the national economy, regardless of local conditions,  the audit said.The SSA takes into account an individual s education level when considering awarding disability benefits if they do not qualify for medical reasons. Part of the education requirement involves looking at a person s ability to speak English, to determine whether it limits his ability to find a job.Last year Sen. Jeff Sessions (R., Ala.) raised concerns that the Obama administration was broadly applying the education rule under the Social Security Act to allow individuals to receive disability payments solely because they cannot speak English.He noted that the Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) rolls swelled 230 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the U.S. population only grew 9.7 percent.Former SSA judges have also testified that individuals have been approved for disability in the United States without having to prove they cannot speak English.The hundreds of Puerto Ricans noted in the OIG s report have received disability insurance despite a 1987 U.S. District Court ruling that appears to contradict the SSA s policy. Benefits were denied on the grounds that  it is the ability to communicate in Spanish, not English, that is vocationally important in Puerto Rico. It should be noted, however, that the court explicitly declined to apply this rationale outside of this one case,  the OIG said.The SSA agreed with the OIG s recommendations to figure out how many individuals have been  awarded disability based on their inability to communicate in English,  and to  evaluate the appropriateness  of applying the English-speaking rules to Puerto Rico.The SSA is currently gathering information for a proposed regulation that  could lead to changes  to the English-speaking rule, the agency said.Via: Free Beacon",0
21900,BREAKING: [Video] COLORADO BAKER WHO REFUSED TO MAKE CAKES With Anti-Gay Message Did Not Discriminate," About 2,000 of the emails I got were of support. There were four hateful, so that s not even 1 percent. Compare that the the hateful onslaught of messages that Memories Pizza in Indiana got from the left after only answered a hypothetical question about gay marriage. They were forced to close down after death threats from the Gay Mafia, yet the media never bothered to report the truth about this business who never refused service to anyone based on their sexual orientation.We ll tell you about this story, because you will likely not hear about it in the mainstream media. Just try however, to refuse to make a cake for a gay couple and the media will descend like buzzards on a fresh carcass.  The Colorado Civil Rights Division has ruled that a baker who refused to make cakes with anti-gay messages did not discriminate.Marjorie Silva, owner of Azucar Bakery in Denver, says she got the news on Friday but knows that Bill Jack, a Christian from Castle Rock, Colo., will likely appeal the decision. I m happy that we were not just morally right but legally right,  she said in an interview with Yahoo News.  Hopefully this will lead to a better world where we are friendly to each other. In March 2014, Jack asked Silva to make him a Bible-shaped cake with anti-gay messages, such as  Homosexuality is a detestable sin. Leviticus 18:22.  He also wanted the cake to include two men holding hands with a large X over them.She agreed to make the dessert in the shape of a book but declined to include the hateful content.Silva has been inundated with messages of support from LGBT people and their allies since refusing to reproduce the homophobic messages. About 2,000 of the emails I got were of support. There were four hateful, so that s not even 1 percent. So it looks like humanity is going in the right direction and things are changing for good,  she said.Via: Yahoo News",0
21901,A MUST READ: OBAMA’S TREASON GOES INTO OVERDRIVE,"Our culture is what makes this Nation great and very exceptional. Unfortunately, we ve elected a president who s changing our nation at warp speed with  refugees  (their words) deposited into towns everywhere: Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. THE CULTURE WAR WE RE INAmericans believe that they are exceptional because their country is exceptional. So the left eagerly swarms to argue that America is not exceptional, except maybe that it s exceptionally bad.Americans believe that individuals succeed with hard work. Obama and Elizabeth Warren bray that  You didn t build that. Americans believe in religion and family. The left sets out to destroy them by proving that these institutions are evil and oppressive. Religious leaders are pedophiles. The family is setting for abuse that makes gay people feel bad. When the dust settlers, the only  good  religion and family are the kind defined by the left. Having destroyed the existing system of organization, the left replaces it with its own. That is the ultimate goal of a culture war. Not mere destruction, but absolute power.The culture war begins by attacking abstract ideas. Then it attacks organizations. Then it attacks people.By attacking the ideas, it undermines the organizations based on them so that it can seize control of them or destroy them. Once that s done, it controls a sector of society and begins enforcing its conformity agenda on individuals. Much of that is underway. The war is drilling down to the individual level. We are approaching the tyranny threshold.At the individual level, the goal of the culture war is to destroy your will to resist them. The left has many tools for doing this.Please read the entire piece by Daniel Greenfield: This Culture War We re InOBAMA ESCALATES CULTURAL GENOCIDEIt isn t enough to invite illegal aliens to invade the USA in their numberless hordes and then quickly distribute them along with their exotic diseases throughout the country. Obama is now using your money to fly them directly from Central America, so as to save them the bother of traveling through Mexico:To facilitate the often treacherous process of entering the United States illegally through the southern border, the Obama administration is offering free transportation from three Central American countries and a special refugee/parole program with  resettlement assistance  and permanent residency.  The new arrivals will be officially known as Central American Minors (CAM) and they will be eligible for a special refugee/parole that offers a free one-way flight to the U.S. from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The project is a joint venture between the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the State Department.Readers will recall that DHS was originally set up to defend the homeland. Under the Orwellian Obama Regime, it is in charge of orchestrating an invasion of the homeland.After Pearl Harbor, some feared a Japanese invasion. It would have been preferable to what is happening to us now. If the Imperial Japanese had successfully invaded, they would have ruled for a time, but eventually would have been kicked out. The current invaders aren t going anywhere, and they reproduce much faster than Americans.Plus the Japanese never expected us to pay them to invade us:The candidates will then be granted a special refugee parole, which includes many taxpayer-funded perks and benefits. Among them is a free education, food stamps, medical care and living expenses.  A State Department official promoted CAM as a  family reunification  program that will be completely funded by American taxpayers, though the official claimed to have no idea what the cost will be.Who can put a price on the future?The fig leaf of  refugees  being allowed into the country ahead of immigrants likely to make a positive contribution because their lives are supposedly in danger has been dropped.The State Department official assured that applicants need not express or document a credible fear to qualify under CAM because  we want to make sure this program is open to as many people as possible. Consider this as part of the bigger picture of what is being done to America, and it goes beyond treason. It is cultural genocide.Our rulers know exactly what they are doing. From the official federal propaganda outfit Voice of America:America s demographics are changing like never before. In less than 30 years, whites will no longer be the racial majority in the United States.On the large scale, race and culture are inseparable. Americans are effectively becoming a minority within our own country. Our own democracy will be used against us to relegate us to a permanent second class status (as South Africa demonstrates, whites being a minority hardly spares them from Affirmative Action).Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. Eventually intermarriage will breed the last of our kind out of existence, as VOA happily implies:In 1960, multiracial marriages accounted for only 0.4 percent of all marriages in the United States. By 2010, that figure rose to 8.4 percent, with interracial couples accounting for 15 percent of all new marriages   a trend that experts say will only continue.The VOA piece was given the Orwellian title,  Experts: Coming Demographic Shift Will Strengthen US Culture.  What they mean by this is that the deliberately engineered demographic shift will erase US culture, so that it can be replaced by a multicultural utopia preconceived by cultural Marxists.It used to be genocide meant herding unwanted demographic sectors into gas chambers. But that was crude and inefficient. Simply diluting us out of existence can be done without mess   and incredibly, without resistance.Via: moonbattery",0
21902,TROLL CONGRESSWOMAN WANTS YOU TO SELL YOUR GUNS TO THE GOVERNMENT,"It s not for her to decide! We have the Second Amendment and that s enough for any American. DeLauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. It might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.Gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed Monday.The Support Assault Firearm Elimination and Education of our (SAFER) Streets Act expected to be reintroduced next week by Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. Assault weapons are not about hunting, or even self-defense,  DeLauro said.  There is no reason on earth, other than to kill as many people as possible in as short a time as possible, that anyone needs a gun designed for a battlefield. Though DeLauro is in favor of stronger guns laws that would completely ban assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition, she emphasized this bill would not force gun owners to turn in their firearms. The legislation would provide up to $2,000 in tax credits for gun owners who voluntarily hand over assault weapons to their local police departments.The assault weapons legislation comes in response to the horrific mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., DeLauro s home state, in December 2012.Via: The Hill",0
21903,(VIDEO) UN CLIMATE CHANGE FREAKS: “We should make every effort to decrease the world population”,"What an evil bunch of freaks! The agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. Overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. These people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. I m 100% FED Up! with the UN climate freaks and their agenda.Climate One founder Greg Dalton and the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) Christiana Figueres, held a discussion in 2013 on the role of women in fighting Global Warming.During the interview Secretary Figueres stated, We should  make every effort,  to reduce the world s population in an effort to fight Climate Change:DALTON: A related issue is fertility rates in population. A lot of people in energy and environmental circles don t wanna go near that because it s politically charged. It s not their issue. But isn t it true that stopping the rise of the population would be one of the biggest levers and driving the rise of green house gases?FIGUERES: I mean we all know that we expect nine billion, right, by 2050. So, yes, obviously less people would exert less pressure on the natural resources.DALTON: So is nine billion a forgone conclusion? That s like baked in, done, no way to change that?HERE S THE VIDEO-IF YOU WANT TO SKIP THE BS THEN JUST GO TO THE 4:20 MARK: A LITTLE MORE ON CHRISTIANA FIGUERES-THE 70 S CALLED AND THEY WANT THEIR RADICAL HIPPIE BACK! AT THE 2:40 MARK SHE SAYS WE NEED A  TRANSFORMATION  (SOUND FAMILIAR) AND A  REVOLUTION  TO CHANGE OUR WAY OF LIFE: FIGUERES: Well there again, there is pressure in the system to go toward that; we can definitely change those, right? We can definitely change those numbers and really should make every effort to change those numbers because we are already, today, already exceeding the planet s planetary carrying capacity, today. To say nothing of adding more population that is really going to overextend our capacity. So yes we should do everything possible. But we cannot fall into the very simplistic opinion of saying just by curtailing population then we ve solved the problem. It is not either/or, it is an and/also.Via: Progressives Today",0
21904,SHERIFF WON’T ENFORCE GUN CONTROL LAW HE CALLS ‘BORDERLINE TREASONOUS’,"The gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. The sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. He s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! Bravo!While Oregon Democrats stood with Gabby Giffords and the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence to push expanded background checks on April 1, Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer stood for the law-abiding citizens whom the checks will target by describing the gun control push as  borderline treasonous. Palmer also made clear that if the Democrats pass the measure there is zero chance of his office enforcing it.The push for expanded background checks in Oregon is being spearheaded by state senator Floyd Prozanski (D-Eugene). His efforts are strongly supported by the Brady Campaign and Giffords.Giffords, in particular, believes every potential gun purchaser should have to pass the same background check her attacker passed to acquire his firearm, which the same background check Jerad and Amanda Miller (Las Vegas), Aaron Ybarra (Seattle Pacific University), Elliot Rodger (Santa Barbara), Ivan Lopez (Fort Hood 2014), Darion Marcus Aguilar (Maryland mall), Karl Halverson Pierson (Arapahoe High School), James Holmes (Aurora theater), Nidal Hasan (Fort Hood 2009), and many, many others passed to get the guns they used in their crimes.The irony is not lost on Sheriff Palmer, who sees the push for expanded background checks as just another way to infringe on the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens without impacting crime or criminals. For these reasons, Oregon Live said Palmer described the push as  borderline treasonous. Moreover, Palmer said the background checks pose a nightmare scenario for law enforcement officers who will be straddled with the responsibility of determining when a background should have been done but was not, as well as when a background check is not necessary to begin with.Palmer said he has  no intention  of enforcing Prozanski s bill if it becomes law.Via: Breitbart News",0
21905,ILLEGAL INVASION CONTINUES: NYC RAMPING UP TO GIVE 1 MILLION ILLEGALS VOTING RIGHTS,"Insane! This really is the definition of insanity. Letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! When you elect a socialist radical as mayor then I guess that s what you get New York City lawmakers and Mayor Bill de Blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. The Guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed,  legally documented residents who have lived in New York City for at least six months will be able to vote in municipal elections.  Lawmakers are reportedly  discussing the legislation with Mayor Bill de Blasio s office  and  a bill might be introduced as soon as this spring.  Two years ago, city councilman Daniel Dromm  won the support of 35 of the city council s 51 members, forming a veto-proof majority  when he tried to advance the non-citizen voting bill,  but he faced the obstruction of then council speaker Christine Quinn and the unbreakable opposition of the Bloomberg administration.  De Blasio has said he is  willing to continue the conversation  on non-citizen voting. Non-citizens  make up as much as half the population  in areas that Dromm represents and studies have found that more than a million would be eligible to vote citywide if such de Blasio were to sign such a bill. New York recently instituted its IDNYC card, which gives illegal immigrants access to a variety of city services in addition to the municipal identification card. As the Guardian points out,  many Americans find the idea of non-citizen voting entirely unpalatable and fear that it undermines the sanctity and privilege of citizenship.  Peter Schuck, an emeritus professor of law at Yale University, told the outlet,  My guess is that it would cause many Americans to wonder what the point of citizenship is if anyone can vote without even bothering to learn or be committed enough to apply for naturalization.  Eric Ulrich, one of three Republicans on the city council, recently told Newsday,  The right to vote is a privilege and a sacred obligation that citizens have enjoyed. It should only be for United States citizens. It s also a reason for people who are on a path to citizenship to aspire to citizenship. It s something for them to look forward to.   Six Maryland jurisdictions and Chicago allow non-citizens to vote in some local elections,  and  activists in Amherst, Massachusetts, Madison, Wisconsin, and Burlington, Vermont are also clamoring to give voting rights to non-citizens.  -Breitbart NewsVia: Brietbart News",0
21906,ILLEGAL ALIEN WITH DRUG RESISTANT TB TO BE RELEASED INTO GENERAL U.S. POPULATION,"Is anyone else 100% FED UP?On Friday, Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar, along with Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-AZ) and Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Jeff Flake (R-AZ), sent a letter to DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson and ICE Deputy Assistant Secretary Salda a warning them not to release an illegal immigrant with drug-resistant tuberculosis into the general public. I was alarmed when I was forwarded a letter written by Pinal County Director of Public Health Thomas Schryer indicating that the ICE Detention facility in Florence is planning on releasing an illegal immigrant with drug resistant tuberculosis into the Pinal County Community in the next couple days,  Gosar said in a statement.  I demand ICE and DHS rethink this awful decision and not release this dangerous individual. Such actions put our citizens at risk and will impose significant financial burdens on the County. Dr. Thomas Schryer, Director of Public Health for Pinal County, wrote a letter explaining his concerns about releasing the detained illegal immigrant, who has been receiving treatment for seven months for his tuberculosis.  Tuberculosis is a very dangerous disease that can spread easily, due to the public health threat Arizona Revised Statutes and good public health practice dictates that we provide healthcare to treat tuberculosis for anyone residing in our county (other than those incarcerated) as a result when the ICE facility releases this individual he will be treated at the local tax payers  expense,  he stated.  From a public health perspective it is essential that anyone who is suffering from TB be treated so they are not a health threat to others, I request that ICE pay the costs of those who are released from their facility. The full text of Dr. Schryer s letter and the letter from Gosar, McCain, Flake, and Kirkpatrick can be read below.  FINAL Letter to ICE and DHS re Illegal Immigrant with TB in Florence Facility.docx Via: Breitbart News",0
21907,NO TOILET PAPER?! SOCIALISM IS IN ITS FINAL STAGES FOR VENEZUELA SO BYOTP,"Socialism doesn t work but I guess Venezuela didn t get the memo. No toilet paper? No food? Yes, it s come to that in this socialist hellhole Venezuela s product shortages have become so severe that some hotels in that country are asking guests to bring their own toilet paper and soap, a local tourism industry spokesman said on Wednesday .  It s an extreme situation,  says Xinia Camacho, owner of a 20-room boutique hotel in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada national park.  For over a year we haven t had toilet paper, soap, any kind of milk, coffee or sugar. So we have to tell our guests to come prepared.  Montilla says bigger hotels can circumvent product shortages by buying toilet paper and other basic supplies from black market smugglers who charge up to 6-times the regular price. But smaller, family-run hotels can t always afford to pay such steep prices, which means that sometimes they have to make do without. Camacho says she refuses to buy toilet paper from the black market on principle.  In the black market you have to pay 110 bolivares [$0.50] for a roll of toilet paper that usually costs 17 bolivares [$ 0.08] in the supermarket,  Camacho told Fusion.  We don t want to participate in the corruption of the black market, and I don t have four hours a day to line up for toilet paper  at a supermarket . Recently, Venezuelan officials have been stopping people from transporting essential goods across the country in an effort to stem the flow of contraband. So now Camacho s guests could potentially have their toilet paper confiscated before they even make it to the hotel. Shortages, queues, black markets, and official theft. And blaming the CIA. Yes, Venezuela has truly achieved socialism.But what I never understood is this: Why toilet paper? How hard is it to make toilet paper? I can understand a socialist economy having trouble producing decent cars or computers. But toilet paper? And soap? And matches?Sure, it s been said that if you tried communism in the Sahara, you d get a shortage of sand. Still, a shortage of paper seems like a real achievement.Read more: CATO",0
21908,(VIDEO) PATRIOTS DEMAND REMOVAL OF COMMUNIST FLAG,"Patriots removed the the Chinese flag between the American flag and the state flag at the capitol building in Olympia,Washington. Governor Jay Inslee had the POW/MIA flag lowered and replaced by the Chinese flag in honor of his meeting with China Ambassador Cui Tiankai.",0
21909,HYSTERICAL VIDEO: SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE DOES CNN,PRETTY FUNNY STUFF-MAKE SURE TO WATCH TO THE END.,0
21910,MarkLevin is Freaking Awesome: Obama negotiates with Iran; Iranian general says Israel’s destruction is not negotiable,Let s get real with some awesome truth from Mark Levin.Is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! Why can t we have more of him! Patty and I can t get enough of Levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.,0
21911,FLASHBACK: Female Terrorist Who Planned To Blow Up NYC Police Funeral Was A Pre-School Teacher [Video],"So a wannabe female bomber was a pre-school teacher by day in Queens, NY and a jihadi the rest of the time.She was a pretty hardcore jihadi who worshipped Bin laden and was a big fan of the Boston Bombers. One of the things we found interesting is her affiliation with ICNA Relief, an Islamic charity affiliated with the Islamic Circle of North America. We don t know much about the organization but found a video of Noelle speaking about her support from ICNA. To be honest, it sounds like a bunch of bs but she s trying to raise funds for a women s shelter. She rambles on and on but you can at least get a better understanding of what an attention wh*re she is.NOELLE (PLEASE GO TO THE 7:00 MARK FOR HER  STORY ) ALSO KNOWN AS AISHA ASIF IS A WANNABE JIHADIST WHO CONSPIRED TO BOMB THE NYC POLICE FUNERAL: One of the two Queens women accused of plotting a homemade bomb strike on American soil worked at a preschool, where officials remained tight-lipped Friday after her arrest on terrorism charges.Asia Siddiqui, a 31-year-old native of Saudi Arabia, was behind bars Friday, locked up with her best friend and accused sister in jihad Noelle Valentzas, 28.An undercover operative reported that Valentzas said  being a martyr in a suicide attack guarantees entrance into heaven.  A picture of Osama bin Laden with an AK-47 allegedly decorated her cell phone. She also allegedly turned her interests to pressure cookers after the Boston Marathon bombing: You can fit a lot of things in [the pressure cooker], even if it s not food,  Velentzas told the undercover operative, apparently referencing explosives.She evidently told the undercover operative,  If we get arrested, the police will point their guns at us from the back and maybe from the front. If we can get even one of their weapons, we can shoot them. They will probably kill us but we will be martyrs automatically and receive Allah s blessing. Velentzas was allegedly also friends with U.S. airman Tairod Pugh who, last month, was indicted on terrorism charges after allegedly plotting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State.Less than two weeks ago, Velentzas was reportedly asked whether she had heard the news about the recent arrest of Pugh and replied that she did not understand why people were traveling overseas to wage jihad when there were more opportunities of  pleasing Allah  in the United States. In that same meeting, Velentzas said she needed to learn the science behind bomb-building to avoid being like Faisal Shahzad, the man who drove an SUV full of explosives into Times Square on a warm Saturday night in May 2010. He wasn t able to detonate the bombs. We have no comment at this time,  said a worker at 82nd Street Academics in Queens on the day after FBI agents arrested the two Al Qaeda-linked suspects at their homes.The busts followed a two-year undercover probe, with the terrorist sympathizers accused of amassing bomb-making materials and studying bomb-making manuals while plotting their strike.The self-identified citizens of the Islamic State   the terrorist organization responsible for beheading Western hostages   have billed themselves as  some bad bitches. Outside their South Jamaica home on Friday, Valentzas  husband (PICTURED BELOW), Abu Bakr, defended his wife and her friend against the federal charges that carry a potential life sentence. He was left at the home with their two kids, ages 5 and 11, after federal agents took Noelle away in handcuffs. The 27-year-old Valentzas, a home health-care worker, was born in Florida, authorities said.She and Siddiqui became close friends and co-conspirators united by a desire to  make history  through a terrorist attack in the U.S. Both women are American citizens.But a federal criminal complaint said the two suspects were overheard repeatedly discussing violent activities with the undercover agent   including a plot to bomb a police funeral.Read more: NYDN ",0
21912,BUSTED: [VIDEO] MAN ATTEMPTS TO TAPE “GOTCHA” VIDEO OF COPS ‘ABUSING THEIR POWERS’ And Gets Unexpected Challenge From Local News,"The Michael Brown and Eric Garner cases have opened up so many doors for opportunists looking for their 15 seconds of fame  As an added bonus, we ve included Tony Soto s original  gotcha  video below. A video of a traffic stop by 15th district officers in Philadelphia has gone viral with more than 1 million views. The man in the video says officers abused their power but police are painting a very different picture.28-year-old Tony Soto recorded the traffic stop on his cellphone. I am not anti-police, I support the police. I just don t support police abusing their powers,  Soto told Action News.In the video, Soto showed his license, but refused to show his registration.Police are concerned about Soto s motives and criminal past. We are going to tell our officers to be cautious. It raises your level of suspicion when you have a person   a prior felony   and has had some prior interaction with the law and has been known to interact with guns. So we are going to tell our officers to be careful,  said Lt. John Sanford, Philadelphia Police.Soto sat down with Action News to discuss the controversial video. This traffic stop, just brought to light an ongoing issue that is continually denied all over our nation with individuals being stopped and in some cases being racially profiled,  said Soto.Soto says the officers who stopped him were not African-American but police say differently. They were African American officers,  said Lt. Stanford.The original reason for the stop was for tinted windows.Soto flashed a paper at the officer saying he had a medical exemption from PennDOT for sun screening on his car, but he didn t bring that letter to our meeting. If you were provided that certificate from PennDOT, it has to be colorless tint,  said Lt. Stanford.We asked Soto if his windows were dark tinted. Okay in your opinion or anyone else s opinion from watching the video tape   that s their opinion. No one knows what tint is on my vehicle, whether it s colored or colorless, although it may look dark,  said Soto.And then there s this   in the video, Soto held up a card and badge identifying himself to the officer as a fire marshal.We asked him if he s a fire marshal. The tape speaks for itself and, at this point, okay let s not take the focus as to who I am or what I do or what is going on and let s keep the focus on what is really going on. It is not about Tony Soto,  said Soto.So who is Soto?He s a felon, sentenced to 33 months in federal prison for straw purchasing firearms.He has multiple convictions for theft, fleeing from police, and was convicted of impersonating a public servant in 2005 and now claims he is a volunteer firefighter.We asked Soto where he works. Well we are going to   you are going to stop that right there alright   we are going to stop that and we are not going to go into that,  said Soto.Police are also cautioning the public not to use Soto s video as an example of what to do during a traffic stop.While it is legal to record video, the Pennsylvania vehicle code requires drivers to turn over their identification and registration.In addition, the Fraternal Order of Police is now asking authorities to pursue charges against Soto for allegedly impersonating a public servant. Via: 6ABC NewsHERE IS SOTO s ORIGINAL VIDEO:",0
21913,LISTEN TO THIS FORMER DOJ WHISTLEBLOWER,THE CONGRESS IS THERE TO DO WHAT S BEST FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE YET THEY RE LIKE DEER IN THE HEADLIGHTS. Listen to this former DOJ whistleblower who s been in the belly of the Obama regime beast and knows the deal.,0
21914,POLITICAL HACK RIHANNA SINGS “We are the new America” AT THE FINAL FOUR…WHAT EXACTLY IS “NEW AMERICA”?,"Corporate sponsors like Coke should think again before hiring this potty mouthed anti-American hack singer for anything.Rihanna performed  American Oxygen  live for the first time at Saturday s March Madness Music Festival.If, by chance, corporate sponsors, broadcasters and the NCAA advised acts playing the March Madness Music Festival to not comment on the controversy that s gripped Indiana, Rihanna and supporting act Bleachers didn t heed that memo on Saturday.Rihanna paused during her performance to verbally slam RFRA in two expletive-laden sentences.The 2015 installment of the annual three-day event was held in Indianapolis, timed to the NCAA s Final Four competition. Rihanna was the headliner of the Coke Zero Countdown concert at White River State Park.Rihanna sang  American Oxygen . It s a sluggish number that frames itself as a 21st-century  The Times They Are A-Changin .   We are the new America,  sang Rihanna in a performance that TBS picked up for broadcast during Saturday s basketball coverage.Rihanna wrote on Twitter afterward,  Thank you Indiana!!!! I would never forget how much fun I had with you tonight!! You blew me away!!! Thank you man!! One love always.  And even though  American Oxygen  hasn t been officially released, the crowd responded to the performance quite strongly.  You SANG EVERY F*CKING WORD!!!!  tweeted Rihanna.  That sh*t legit give me goosebumps!! GAG! WHAT IS NEW AMERICA? IS IT THE HATE AND DIVISION PROMOTED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE TURMOIL AND CHAOS IN THE MIDDLE EAST CAUSED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE SOARING NATIONAL DEBT IGNORED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE COLONIZATION VIA INVASION OF ILLEGALS FROM CENTRAL AMERICA THAT S THE  NEW AMERICA ?Via: indystar",0
21915,ENTITLED IRS ETHICS LAWYER DISBARRED FOR ETHICS VIOLATIONS: “…reckless disregard for the truth”,"Don t you just love an entitled IRS lawyer who claims she can t be fired? What s even better is she was an ethics lawyer who really had no ethics at all. She was fired from the IRS but just yesterday was disbarred.A lawyer who worked in the IRS ethics office was disbarred Thursday by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, which concluded she misappropriated a client s funds from a case she handled in private practice, broke a number of ethics rules and showed  reckless disregard for the truth  in misleading a disbarment panel looking into the matter.The lawyer, Takisha Brown, reportedly had bragged that she would never be punished because her boss would protect her, but an IRS spokesman said Wednesday that she was no longer an employee at the agency. Our records indicate that this employee no longer works for the IRS,  spokesman Matthew Leas said, though he wouldn t comment further on the case, which became another black eye for the embattled tax agency when The Washington Times first reported on it last year.Ms. Brown had her licenses suspended and then was disbarred after misusing money she won for a client in an automobile accident case. Under terms of the deal, Ms. Brown was to use part of the settlement to pay the victim s medical bills, but the lawyer withdrew the money herself and ignored repeated requests from the client s physicians to make good on the bills, the appeals court said.Ms. Brown also misled a disbarment hearing panel when it began looking into the matter, the court said. The record amply supports the conclusions that Ms. Brown intentionally misappropriated funds and made false statements with reckless disregard for the truth,  the appeals court concluded in a 14-page order finalizing her disbarment.Read more: WASHINGTON TIMES",0
21916,[VIDEO] 16 YR OLD ARRESTED For Violent Gang Beating In McDonalds…15 Yr Old Victim Brags About New Found Fame,"This is a sad commentary on a generation who has truly lost their moral compass. No self respect, dignity or pride  It s all about the 15 seconds of fame While we have yet to fathom how for almost three minutes, no one not even an adult or an employee stopped a now infamous fight inside a Brooklyn McDonald s. So far, one arrest has been made. Sixteen-year-old Aniah Ferguson was one of six girls who attacked 15-year-old Ariana Taylor and it seemed every teenager inside the McDonald s was there to witness the violent carnage, for which they also captured cell phone video.The 15-year-old did her best to hold her own in the brawl, which was allegedly arranged via Facebook. New York Daily News is reporting that Taylor has taken to Facebook to brag about her new-found fame. A user named Richey Bandz commented on Taylor s social media, saying,  I applaud u shorty u a ICON NOW,  and Taylor responded,  Thanks guys.  And that s when another user, Marshonna Espinosa said,  So sad this little girl think she s getting famous for getting publicly humiliated. No, you re not famous. People felt bad for you.  We re not so sure NY Daily News and Marshonna s assumptions around Taylor thinking she s famous are anything but assumptions. When Taylor posted a photo of herself, not to beat up, with the caption,  I m Gucci,  we took it as her addressing the concerned public and letting us all know she s good.Reports claim that Ferguson had been hunting Taylor down since January for some undisclosed disagreement involving a friend. She suffered injuries and was taken to Kings County Hospital that same night. But once the video was shared massively online, and even covered the front page of the New York Post and Daily News (though their known for exploiting situations like this), moves were made to find the girls who are also students of Erasmus Hall High School. Even for a World Star Hip-Hop era, the clip shocked most who viewed it. The 15-year-old was literally a punching and kicking bag.***Warning**** This video contains extreme violence:After Ferguson s arrest yesterday, her criminal record leaked and she has a history of violence at only 16. Before, she was arrested for stabbing her brother and assaulting her grandmother, who had to take an order of protection against her grandchild. She s had a total of nine arrests, six of them have been since September. Ferguson is unfortunately epitomizing the image and lifestyle of troubled youth. From her latest felony, she s being charged as an adult. Obviously there s a bigger story here around teenagers like Ferguson who come from troubled pasts and bring that into their present lives, allowing nothing but violence to speak for them.Via: Hello Beautiful",0
21917,"“Non-violence hasn’t worked”…Reverend Sam Mosteller, Leader of Group Founded By MLK Calls On Blacks To Take Up Arms","Yeah that whole  taking up arms  thing seems to be working well in Chicago The president of a non-violent group established by MLK said that nonviolence is no longer working.At a press conference, the Rev. Sam Mosteller, president of the Georgia Chapter of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) said all African Americans should  avail themselves  of their Second Amendment Rights. You know, the SCLC stands for nonviolence, but nonviolence hasn t worked in this instance,  Mosteller said,  Let me just say it this way, I am going to have to advocate at this point that all African-Americans advocate their Second Amendment right,  he added.The SCLC was co-founded by Martin Luther King, Jr. in 1957 in reaction to the shooting of two black men.The Daily Caller is reporting that when questioned about what some might consider a turn away from non-violence, Mosteller backpedaled   a little. We re going to have to do something in our community to let the rest of America know that we are not going to be victimized by just anybody whether it be police or folks that decide that black people are thugs and we need to control that black community. When asked to explain what appeared to be a call to arms, Mosteller backed off, saying that he was not advocating for members of the black community to start carrying guns en masse.When a reporter asked if his advocacy for the Second Amendment was at odds with SCLC s attitude towards nonviolence, Mosteller said,  Listen, listen I didn t say that. I said the Second Amendment right? I didn t say pack weapons, I did not say that. Do you have to carry a weapon to avail yourself of the Second Amendment?  he asked.  The answer is no, you don t have to. Via: DownTrend",0
21918,"WATCH DIRTY HARRY REID ON HIS LIE ABOUT ROMNEY’S TAXES: “HE DIDN’T WIN, DID HE?”","In case you missed it Sen. Harry Reid (R-NV), who announced last week that he will retire after his current term expires in early 2017, said he does not regret taking to the Senate floor in 2012 to accuse then-GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney of not paying his taxes. No, I don t regret that at all,  he told CNN s Dana Bash.  The Koch brothers   no one would help me. They were afraid the Koch brothers would go after them, so I did it on my own. Bash said some viewed the charge as  McCarthy-ite,  but Reid didn t buy that explanation. He shrugged, saying,  they can call it whatever they want. Romney didn t win, did he?  Reid said somewhat amusingly.",0
21919,HILLARY RODHAM NIXON: A CANDIDATE WITH MORE BAGGAGE THAN A SAMSONITE FACTORY,"The irony here isn t lost on us. Hillary is being compared to the President she wanted to take down. Nixon s got nothing on this criminal who wiped her server clean after e-mails were requested from her. John Fund questions the Democrat s strategy  to support a Nixonian type candidate with more baggage than a Samsonite factory She s secretive, scandal-plagued, and seemingly inevitable. Ever since Hillary Clinton s e-mail scandal broke, comparisons between her secretive style and that of Richard Nixon, whom she ironically pursued as a young lawyer on the House impeachment committee, have been frequent. But with the revelation that she wiped her private e-mail server clean after her records were requested by the State Department last year, the comparisons are becoming more concrete. Washington wags note that even Nixon never destroyed the tapes, but Hillary has permanently erased her e-mails.Exactly what would a Hillary presidency look like, and could it plunge the nation into another round of debilitating Clinton scandals? That s a question Democrats should ask themselves before they hand the nomination over to her.  Many Democrats have reservations about Hillary s cozy relations with Wall Street, her 2002 vote for the Iraq War, and the Clinton couple s  flexibility  on issues.  They love winning. They re both masters of it, Hillary maybe even more than Bill. But that s not the same as having a belief system,  noted the liberal Rolling Stone magazine. But some Democrats also want Hillary to be challenged on her Nixonian penchant for slipperiness and questionable fundraising.A strong primary challenge has provided clues as to how she would run in a general election   something Democrats should know. After all, the first Clinton presidency was good for the Clintons, but not for the Democratic party, which lost both houses of Congress along with a majority of the nation s governorships   and during a time of economic prosperity and peace.Read more: National Review",0
21920,YEAR IN REVIEW: 2017 Top Ten Conspiracies,"Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton 21st Century WireOnce again, we ve arrived at our New Years Eve wrap-up of some of the most compelling and conspiratorial stories of the year. Like in years past, 2017 presented a polarizing political landscape, further exposing the current establishment paradigm. Unlike the establishment gatekeepers, when we use the word  conspiracy  here, we are talking about a real crime scene. Whether it was the ousting of thousands of western-backed terrorists in Iraq and Syria or a string of  known wolf  attacks amplified by made-to-order media agitprop, or the heavily manufactured Russia-gate narrative relentlessly pushed by mainstream outlets and Deep State actors    it seemed there was no shortage of topsy-turvy stagecraft designed to mislead and confuse the masses at a time when the real world is undergoing some significant geopolitical realignments.As was the case in 2016, there were many high-profile incidents and individual stories which didn t make our annual compendium (but they are worth mentioning)   like the  red herring  laced New Year s Eve mass shooting at Turkey s Reina nightclub that kicked off 2017 in classic Daily Shooter fashion, along with other dubious events like Fort Lauderdale s FBI-known shooter and subsequent CNN media circus. On the political front, it was a banner year for astroturfing starting with  The Resistance  which spent most of the first 3 months of the year demanding Trump s impeachment before he had served 100 days in office. As part of these efforts, we saw Hollywood and the Democratic Party s choreographed women s march backed by political agitator and perennial globalist George Soros, as well as MoveOn.org and other Soros-backed protests which followed Trump s highly controversial immigration ban, as contentious resignations by key members of the Trump White House loomed large. The stage was then set for Antifa s US  riot tour  which culminated the Charlottesville riots in Virginia followed by a series of  social justice  protests over Confederate statues, followed by more extremist left-wing  antifascists  foot-soldiers like  black bloc  throwing molotov cocktails and smashing buildings for kicks. And that only scratches the surface of what transpired in 2017.Other notable stories throughout the year included the Trump administration s decision to announce the creation of an  Arab NATO headquartered in Saudi Arabia, the world s second-largest state sponsored of terror (US being the largest).  That geopolitical gambit then teed up the Trump White House to announce that the US Embassy in Tel Aviv would begin proceedings to move to Jerusalem, a shift which some critics believe is further evidence of an ultra-Zionist agenda encroaching on Israeli-occupied Palestine and the West Bank. On the Asia front, questions emerged over what North Korea actually has in terms of ICBM missiles and a nuclear deterrent, while in the Middle East speculation raged about Saudi Arabia s historic palace purge and sabre rattling in the region. The year then saw the exposure of a giant US-NATO-Saudi weapons trafficking operation using diplomatic flight in order to arm terrorists in Syria and Iraq. 2017 also saw the mainstream media continue to market the media construct known as Bana of Aleppo, expecting the public to believe that an 8 year old girl who could not speak English was running a Twitter account from war-torn (and terrorist-occupied) East Aleppo from the autumn of 2016   all the while waxing poetic about the evil Assad, and the evil Russians and calling for US military intervention in Syria  pure propaganda and a clear case of child exploitation. Interestingly, this outlandish Bana propaganda myth campaign has been shamelessly promoted by the multimillionaire Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling. 2017 also saw a wave of intelligence releases, set in motion by the CIA, who released more than 12 million documents pertaining to covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, further outlining the symbiotic relationship between the agency and American media. This was followed by Wikileaks exposing much of the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities in their  Vault 7  and later in their  Vault 8  publications. Towards the end of the year, a new twist in the downing of MH17 revealed an apparent Netherlands cover-up, as another bizarre Daily Shooter event, the Texas Church shooting, would later disappear from headlines. Around the same time frame, new questions also emerged in the Sandy Hook saga concerning prior knowledge of the FBI, as New York was then stricken by a known wolf truck attacker. In December it was finally announced that after being held in prison for two years without trial, the Fed s Bundy Ranch Standoff case was declared a mistrial. However, most of the year s controversial stories were quickly pushed to the back page, buried underneath an avalanche of ready-to-go Weinstein-inspired sex abuse scandals involving Hollywood s elite punctuated by obligatory hashtag campaigns like #MeToo, before snagging a number of high-profile news media personalities and some of Washington s most coveted swamp dwellers. As an onslaught of new accusations flooded the media, the sordid revelation of a Congressional slush fund used to payoff sexual harassment accusers made headlines. The whole situation conjured DC s Conspiracy of Silence regarding tales of sexual misconduct in days past.All in all, it was another year of  hyper-real  media propaganda, as some stories published by mainstream media led to a cascade of retractions and corrections, and in certain cases, provided an all to convenient mask for other politically charged news throughout much of 2017. Unlike the mainstream media  official  conspiracies (like Russiagate), these ones are actually real  10.  The JFK Files  Over the course of 2017, one of America s most compelling conspiracies was reignited following the release of thousands of intelligence files long-held by the CIA and FBI. In late October, the Trump administration called for the release of the remaining JFK files, citing the JFK Assassination Records Collection Act deadline placed into law in 1992. While the material released was reportedly a mix of new and old, some critics declared that the recently declassified files revealed even more startling evidence related to the assassination of the 35th President of the United States, John F. Kennedy. This prompted larger legacy media establishments to provide a murky retelling of the JFK saga.  Predictably, a week after the releases, one newer CIA memo stated that any links between the CIA and Lee Harvey Oswald, were  unfounded.  In essence, the JFK file releases appear to have been a way for the political powers that be to shut the door on a conspiracy that has an overwhelming amount of information suggesting CIA links not only to Oswald, but many of the characters surrounding the case. In reality though, as newfound interest in the JFK files was reawakened, it cast light on the over five decade old case, reopening the door to coup d tat claims concerning JFK and Cold War era  false flag  terror. In particular, terror created by Operation GLADIO, a CIA-NATO construct, which utilized covert armies to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era strategy of tension. The further one digs into America s seedy underworld of organized crime, intelligence operations, unlikely coincidences and secretive relationships concerning the mysterious plot to kill Kennedy, a highly intricate web of activity emerges that points to a compelling case beyond almost any other modern-day conspiracy.9. Grenfell Tower Fire & Cover-Up   It was Britain s biggest domestic disaster post WWII, and from the minute this story broke, reports of government and corporate corruption began to surface. This real-life Towering Inferno featured some of the most surreal revelations, including a corrupt government Qango known as TMO (Tenant Management Organisation) who had paid a contractor to install highly flammable petroleum-based  cladding  on the building, supposedly to meet  green sustainability goals  but also to cover-up what wealthy property developers deemed as an eye sore (social housing high rise building), part of London s continuous and rampant  gentrification  property bubble agenda. The controversy did not stop with the fire itself though, as residents and concerned members of the public began to question the abnormally low death count which was being trumpeted by the media and the government agencies. Meanwhile, thousands of residents from Grenfell Tower and the surrounding buildings continued to suffer and mourn the loss of loved ones and friends   leaving in indellible scar on the community   while the government s elite Common Purpose management class continued on with business as usual. Six months on,  the public is still wondering whether anyone will be arrested, or held to account for this unprecedented story of criminal negligence. In one of its most seminal episodes, the SUNDAY WIRE radio show, along with its affiliate the UK Column, drove the investigative agenda early on in this story, with the mainstream media later picking talking points covered by this independent media outlet.8. The Crisis in Yemen   Back in January 2015   while the world was focused on the war in Syria, 21WIRE first raised the alarm over Yemen after it noticed the insatiable war-time president Barack Obama, along with Deep State and Pentagon media outlet CNN began drifting out talking points about Yemen. It wasn t long after that, in March 2015, that Saudi Arabia   with the full military and political backing of the US and UK, began an undeclared war of aggression against Saudi s neighbor Yemen. Nearly three years on, with tens of thousands slaughtered by Saudi airstrikes dropping their newly purchased US and UK munitions (and even enjoying air refueling by the US military) and with the Saudi and US military blockade which is keeping much-needed humanitarian aid from entering the war-ravaged country leading to mass starvation and disease outbreaks like cholera on the peninsula   why isn t the international community calling out the illegal war against Yemen for what it is   genocide? In order to prop-up their fake narrative on Yemen, the US and UK mainstream media conglomerates and their state propaganda directors from intelligence agency information warfare units have concocted a new batch of official disinformation lies and myths used to muddy the waters of this important discussion and ultimately justify their slaughter and arms sales bonanza in Yemen. On balance, what the US, UK and Saudi Arabia have done to Yemen is by orders of magnitude worse than what Nazi Germany did to its neighbors in the initial phase of WWII. Nothing less than a new Nuremberg Trial will be suitable to help correct this act of international barbarism.7. London s GLADIO-style Attacks  On March 22nd, an apparent two-pronged terror attack stretched from London s Westminster Bridge to Parliament Square. In the days leading up to the London attacks, it was revealed that Met Police rehearsed a  terrifyingly realistic drill on the River Thames prior to yet another known wolf act of terror taking place. Adding to the drama, the London attacks occurred exactly one year after the Brussels airport bombings. In addition, the bizarre and unexpected event took place during a massive uptick of Western allied involvement in the Syrian conflict and in less than 24 hours, London authorities revealed that the British-born attacker named Khalid Masood, (after media outlets erroneously reported the wrong suspect) was already well-known to MI5 and had worked in Saudi Arabia sometime between 2005-2008. Shortly after the attack, it was revealed that eye-witnesses reported seeing multiple assailants at the crime scene, this was something that directly contradicted the official story. In fact, in those reports, it was suggested that at least two individuals participated in the large-scale attack in one of the most heavily surveilled parts of London. This aspect of the case was quickly buried by major media outlets, echoing other high-profile cases involving  known wolf  terrorists. In recent years, there s been a pattern of multiple suspects often witnessed or said to be involved in other terror-related events. This proved to be the case in the aftermath of the Nice, France truck attack, as well as the Brussels airport bombing in 2016. Rather incredibly or unbelievably, London s acting Police Commissioner Craig Mackey, just so happened to be at the scene to  witness  the Parliament Square attack on Pc Keith Palmer. All in all, the latest symbolically charged  ISIS-approved  attack on the verge of spring, appeared to be an effort to polarize the perception of Western viewers with yet another round of wartime propaganda, while also providing a media smoke screen for recent US military action in Syria. By early summer, just after the Manchester arena bombing, London once again became a target of a purported multi-pronged terror event right on the heels of the UK s hotly contested 2017 general election. Afterwards, a number of questions were raised following the London Bridge attacks, just as there were following the Parliament Square, Westminster Bridge attacks and the Manchester Arena attack. It s important to note the common thread between each suspicious event, and the recent UK attacks are no exception   there s now indisputable evidence linking MI5 and MI6 British security services to various  known wolves  prior to carrying out the terror crimes mentioned above. The precarious relationship between security and terror is an ongoing pattern seen after almost every major terror attack on Western soil. Throughout 2017, the London attacks seemed to increase racial and ethnic tensions in the West, while also pushing the public into accepting a more direct military intervention in Syria, and new police state measures and surveillance powers in the UK   prompting us to ask, who benefited the most from the London Attacks? We d say the answer to that question is pretty obvious now 6. Manchester s  Known Wolf  Arena Attack  Another day, another conspiratorial crime. In this case, the public was witness to yet another known wolf  terror attack allegedly carried out by an  ISIS-inspired  individual who, as with numerous other cases, was under the gaze of MI5. The man named in the Manchester bombing attack, Salman Abedi, was also tied to a terror group supported by NATO in Libya during the operation to oust Muammar el-Qaddafi in 2011. The Manchester arena attack proved to be more than just blowback from security operations gone awry, it provided further evidence of complicity on behalf of the West in the  War On Terror  era. While some researchers and analysts were a buzz with the numerological synchronicities associated with the Manchester attack, others noted some very real political circumstances and significant timelines surrounding this apparent mass-tragedy in Manchester. The event just happened to arrive on the heels of a monolithic arms deals with Saudi Arabia worth $110 billion dollars that will total $350 billion over the next 10 years, and only shortly after the Manchester attack, there were US-led coalition airstrikes supposedly targeting ISIS in both Syria and Iraq   that killed 121 civilians in the process. The strikes led to increased tension, placing external pressure on the Russian-led Astana Peace Agreement in Syria, while continuing to benefit the strategic movements of ISIS in Syria. The really damning link however, was exposed by one major UK Government eyesore after the Manchester attacks: the revelation that a community of  outlawed  Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) terrorists were in fact living in close proximity to the Manchester attacker Abedi, and directly connected to Abedi himself. This was a deeply troubling development for a public unaware of the nearby danger, as British security services and officials allowed this  thriving  group of fighters to reside in the UK seemingly without consequence or disclosure of their previous activities   until the Manchester attack. So naturally, when it was revealed that Ramadan Abedi (the father of the purported Manchester suicide bomber) was also a member of the UK government-backed Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) and was believed to have been a part of LIFG during the NATO-backed regime change operation in Libya in 2011   it only raised more questions concerning the attack. It s worth noting, Libya s militant governor of Tripoli, Abdel Hakim Belhadj, was also a part of the Mujahideen fighters closely linked to Bin Laden who became known as al-Qaeda. In fact, Belhadj returned to his home country [in 1995] as head of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, an underground paramilitary organisation dedicated to Gaddafi s downfall. Over the years, Belhadj was incarcerated and turned loose back into the field after being rendered by the CIA and British security services. As of 2015, despite the Manchester attack links to LIFG, the group is still on the US State Department s Delisted Foreign Terrorist Organizations. In the days after the attack, authorities released CCTV imagery apparently depicting the Manchester attacker Abedi, in what appeared to be a way to dramatize the bombing through emotionally charged imagery, as the media obscured other facts and connections observed in the aftermath of the attack itself. The Manchester attack was similar to other high-profile incidents used to distort public opinion in the wake of media styled mass-tragedies.5.  The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   October 1st marked the return of the Great American Mass Shooting   a real record-breaker, complete with a shocking mile-long crime scene that stretched from the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino to the nearby Route 91 Festival, where thousands of concertgoers suddenly became a target. Although America had seen a host of smaller, less sensationalized mass shootings throughout the course of 2017, including the bizarre Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting and the strange Programmed to Kill Texas Church shooting, the high-profile Las Vegas calamity resuscitated the trauma inducing imagery so prevalent in the post-9/11 War On Terror era. This made-for-TV event was designed for media shock and awe, like  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings.  Over the past several years, 21WIRE has chronicled many bizarre shootings and mass casualty incidents that have rippled across America and Europe. These events have become a new kind of ritualized  crimescape  moving well beyond  security  concerns, but now accompanied by a complete range of  socio-political mainstream media talking points including race, religion,  gun reform ,  social media concerns  and domestic extremism   while concurrently obscuring and obfuscating the forensic reality of the crimes themselves. We re told that this tragic shooting attack was carried out by a classic  lone gunman    one individual without a criminal past (or nay past, as far as we could tell)  but there proved to be much more to the story. Adding to this  hyper-real  incident, the main suspect in the Las Vegas tragedy was also revealed to be a multi-millionaire  players club  member, 64 year-old Stephen Paddock. With no motive and no criminal history, Las Vegas police were tasked with uncovering details of a crime overseen by billionaire bosses at MGM Resorts International and the FBI. As authorities failed to uncover a clear motive for the crime, police scanner audio, along with eye-witness testimony suggested that multiple shooters may have been at the scene, although this aspect was downplayed by mainstream media. This was quickly followed by several official  revisions  in the timeline of the shooting and even the crime scene itself, as evidenced by this disastrous press conference which failed to yield any new information in the case. The star-witness of the shooting, Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos, also vanished and was declared  missing  right before a major media interview, only to resurface much later on the oddest of media venues,  The Ellen DeGeneres Show,  giving media gatekeepers the chance to run interference for DeGeneres s slot machine business partners at MGM. Along the way, bizarre media performances by Paddock s brother, Eric Paddock, only prompted more questions and deepened the mystery surrounding this surreal case. While the public waited for MGM to release CCTV footage of the alleged shooter Paddock, not one tape materialized, except for an older tape from 2011. Staged photos of the Mandalay Bay crime scene led to other forensic questions concerning the weaponry used, compounding other acoustic anomalies already noted. Other confusing elements of the case included the missing hard drive from Paddock s laptop, another brother s arrest, the wiring of $100,000 to his live-in girlfriend s (Marilou Danley) home country, the Philippines, Paddock s previous employment at the predecessor company of Lockheed Martin, a reported break-in at one of his homes after the shooting, the absurd insertion of an  ISIS-inspired  motive (which a number of dubious click-bait media outlets ran with), and later seeing a back drop of active shooter related drills and government activity, along with details suggesting Paddock may not have been alone and much more. In the search for answers in America s largest-ever mass shooting, months later, we still have yet to see any CCTV footage of the alleged killer or his whereabouts leading up to the tragedy, as he moved in and around Las Vegas. Imagine that: no CCTV footage. While some have attempted to make sense of the Las Vegas shooting tragedy, there are reports of a major push to revamp security in the hospitality industry through the use of gunfire detection systems, X-ray, body scanners and facial recognition in the wake of this confusing, if not partly manufactured event. The popular media concept of a lone wolf killer in today s world has reprogrammed the public mind in the very same way that the serial killer phenomenon did decades ago. This new fear-based saga has ushered in a string of improbable Hollywood-style scenarios, inducing a frozen apathy across the masses. Rather than looking deeply at crime scene forensics or pouring over piles of collected data, these Daily Shooter crimes hold the public psyche hostage  until the next unexplained mass tragedy. Until the next episode 4. Syria s Sarin Gas False Flag  In less than 24 hours after the highly dubious alleged chemical attack on April 4th (reported to be Sarin gas by Western media) in Khan Shaykhun in the Idlib province of Syria, wide-scale unsubstantiated condemnation laid blame at the doorstep of the Syrian government and Russia following the release of video footage that had yet to be forensically scrutinized. In fact, the mainstream media flooded the airwaves with a bevy of circumstantial and speculative evidence   a far cry from actual hard evidence. Leaders in Washington and Western media outlets once again set the stage for wider military intervention in Syria. Days after the release of a forensically unproven chemical attack out of Khan Shaykhun, US President Donald Trump ordered a military strike on the Syrian government s Shayrat Air Base in response to the alleged chemical attack in Idlib. Trump s missile strike won him instant praise from the Pentagon media oracle CNN, as well as giddy celebrations by war-mongering neocons in the US. Perhaps the most telling aspect of  Syria s most recent mass casualty terror tragedy, was the suspicious involvement of the US-UK-NATO-Gulf state backed NGO known as the White Helmets  a group who once again was witnessed in wartime imagery that was not only full of anomalies but a production designed to evoke an emotional response rather than one based in rationality. Since their inception in late 2013, the White Helmets have largely conducted their so-called rescue operations in rebel-terrorist held areas in Syria, while producing an unprecedented amount of western-oriented war propaganda for nations deeply invested in arming and backing rebel-terrorists vying for regime change in Syria. Nearly two weeks after the alleged sarin gas attack, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Professor Theodore Postol directly disputed claims concerning the official US report regarding the alleged chemical weapons attack out of Khan Shaykhun in the  rebel-held  terrorist-occupied Idlib province of Syria. Postol s initial analysis, along with its addendum, appeared to echo what MIT research affiliate and former US Congressional staffer Subrata Ghoshroy observed in the aftermath of the Syrian chemical incident in East Ghouta, Damascus in 2013. In addition, other award-winning American journalists like Seymour Hersh and Gareth Porter also exposed the  sarin attack  narrative as a fabrication promulgated by a corrupt OPCW   but their reports were muted by mainstream gatekeepers. Both apparent attacks in Damascus and Idlib, were claimed through the presentation of dubious video imagery and suspicious photographs as a main source of evidence. Despite the absence of any real forensic investigation, the western media proclaimed  certainty  over images and videos largely supplied by the dubious  NGO  known as the  White Helmets.  It would later be revealed that on April 4th, the Syrian Air Force had also struck a warehouse in Idlib where chemical weapons were said to have been produced and stockpiled by US-backed militants. What was most disturbing, was that many in US-UK leadership seemed desperate for the public to buy into any WMD claims without concrete proof and in the process, they deliberately pushed heavily propagandized imagery presented on social media as proof of the as yet forensically unproven sarin gas attack. In essence, the whole event became a wag the dog moment ensnaring not only the White House, but many leaders in the UK as well.3. White Helmets Fraud   The White Helmets. Who are they, who created them, who funds them, and which master do they serve in Syria? In the US and in Europe, these fundamental questions routinely go unanswered by the western mainstream media organizations and government officials. Since first appearing on the western media scene in late 2013, the UK and US government-funded pseudo  NGO  known as the White Helmets has achieved cult-like status as their pictures adorn the front pages of newspapers and CNN breaking news segments about Syria. For the last 4 years, their principle function has been to produce a steady stream of  anti-Assad regime  and anti-Russian propaganda tailored for western audiences. Since 2015, 21WIRE led the way in asking these important questions, and in 2017 the overwhelming pressure of mounting evidence of the White Helmet fraud eventually led to various shoddy academics in the US and in the UK mainstream media outlets attacking 21WIRE and its writers for challenging the official White Helmets narrative   and for exposign how the UK government has been channeling hundreds of millions of pounds into terrorist-occupied areas of Syria under the thin guise building  civil society  (US and UK trojan horse) organizations in Syria. Establishment attacks included one mainstream media outlet promoting the White Helmets, The Guardian newspaper in the UK. According to The Guardian anyone who dared to question their official government-sanctioned narrative were  conspiracy theorists  and somehow part of a secret  Russian-backed propaganda campaign.  Despite mountains of evidence including various fake rescue videos, colluding in acts of murder and extreme violence and evidence which clearly depicts the dodgy  search and rescue  groups  members as dual members in armed al Qaeda terrorist affiliates operating in  rebel-held  opposition areas of Syria   western mainstream media are still determined to play dumb on this issue, which only goes to prove just how ignorant mainstream gatekeepers are as to the realities on the ground in Syria, or worse   how controlled are mainstream editors  desks by the western intelligence apparatus. Either way, Toto has already drawn the Wizard s curtain all the way back   and it s only a question of time before western media apologists and clueless politicians retreat into full  no comment  mode on this issue.2. The Russia-Gate PsyOp   It s been 18 months since the Democratic Party and the US mainstream media launched its  Russia-gate  narrative, claiming that Moscow had hacked the DNC, John Podesta and somehow influenced the result of the US 2016 Presidential Election. 18 months later, there s still no evidence to substantiate this mainstream conspiracy theory   making Russiagate easily the biggest fake news story of the year. What s most telling about this  official  conspiracy theory (as it turns out, it s the mainstream that peddles the grandest conspiracy theories) is that its proponents have to resort to publishing repeated lies and wild exaggerations in order to maintain the pillars supporting their narrative. So desperate were the New York Times to tie Trump to Russia that it even claimed that  the Russians  where creating Facebook pages about puppies in order to  confuse and mislead  vulnerable American voters. New York Times also had to retract their central lie which claimed that 17 US Intelligence agencies had all agreed that the Russians meddled in the 2016 presidential election   but still we hear legions of mindless  journalists  and shaky politicians like Adam Schiff (who, not surprisingly is also promoting the White Helmets) repeating that same old canard. As part of Washington s new McCarthyite red scare reboot, the US government labeled Russian international media network RT, and RT America as  foreign agents    forcing the channel and its journalists to register with the US government under old outdated pre-WWII espionage legislation. Other fake claims by US media include  Kremlin bots  deployed on Facebook to mess with the fragile minds of potential voters on social media, and CNN s all-time classic: an  Exclusive!  no less   claiming that the Russians somehow infiltrated the computer game Pokemon Go in order to  sow confusion among Americans.  Honestly, we couldn t make it up if we tried. What s beyond ironic is that the same media who has been constantly crying  fake news!  as their prime talking point to explain how Trump beat Clinton   has been dutifully recycling their own fake news narrative for over a year now. This one will surely go down in history as the biggest political hoax of all-time   and all of the mainstream media outlets who helped promulgate this myth should also go down with it. Sadly, too many mentally-challenged lawmakers in the US, UK and Europe are actually basing their foreign policies of this mainstream fake news myth   which is all too convenient for an ever-inflating the US defense budget, NATO s breakneck expansion eastward, and also for Brussels  new roll-out of its EU Army  1.  Fake News 2.0    2017 was the year of fake news. Last year, we crowned Fake News 1.0 as our top conspiracy, but this past year has seen it ascend to an entirely new level. From the beginning, this faux crisis had a clear set of political objectives. The first was to provide a scapegoat for Hillary Clinton s catastrophic imploding presidential run, and secondly, to try and prop-up the establishment s official conspiracy theory that somehow the Russians were spreading  fake news  across social media and alternative media websites   in order to help Donald Trump win the election. On this front, many of us are indebted to Trump for branding CNN with the meme that keeps sticking, as the President hit CNN s bumbling White House correspondent Jim Acosta, with Trump pointing to Acosta and saying,  You are fake news!  live on national TV. If was a glorious moment for sure. Newspapers like the Washington Post performed a key role for the US Deep State by pushing-out fictional news features like the one claiming 200 of the leading alternative media websites were part of some Kremlin-orchestrated network of websites carrying out  active measures  (a defunct Cold War term) propaganda against the American people. The Post even presented a bogus anonymous construct, a website called  PropOrNot  in order to try and make their conspiracy theory look official. Around the same time, a radical progressive academic from Merrimack College in Massachusetts published a  fake news list    a database and virtual  blacklist  designed to defame and slander any independent media outlets who happened to veer from the party line and challenge the policies of Hillary Clinton and Obama. Dr. Zimdars heavily politicized  list  was promoted by  the LA Times which, like the fraudulent story published in The Post, claimed that hundreds of alternative media websites were producing  fake news  and  conspiracy  stories and therefore were unreliable as information sources. It wasn t long before the establishment began referencing these politicized lists, holding them up as  proof  of some crisis in what the liberal intelligensia proudly dubbed a  post-truth  world. Despite the establishment s insistence on pushing this faux crisis, an increasing number of smart news consumers came to realize that for at least the last century and half, the establishment s tightly-controlled information syndicate has been able to manufacture its own consensus reality through the use of their own  official  fake news. By channeling public opinion in this way, the mainstream press has helped facilitate a number of engineered outcomes   including war. Perhaps the most dangerous aspect of the fake news  circus, is that Silicon Valley monopolies like Google and Facebook have taken it upon themselves to manipulate their online platforms in such a way that they are choosing which websites and news sources will be  de-ranked  and effectively hidden from the view of most users, and, in the case of Facebook   censoring real information presented by independent, non mainstream journalists, but allowing political operatives to abuse their problematic  communitarian  information policing system to strike off  offensive  content. As a result a number of leading alternative commentators have been banned from Facebook for completely illegitimate reasons. Finally, we can reveal the  2.0  aspect of the establishment s  fake news  faux crisis   a false pretext to unleash a wide-ranging program of internet censorship   and it s already begun. Reasonable people should be under no illusions: Google Inc, Facebook and global monopolies like them it are the closest thing to a classic fascist-corporatist behemoth you will find in the world today. Both Google and Facebook are both actively colluding with big government and other mainstream media partners, and are guilty of  stealth censoring  through either their A.I. filtering algorithms, or through flagged websites on a database used to de-rank leading independent and anti-war sites like 21st Century Wire, Anti-War.com, Consortium News, Global Research and countless others. Furthermore, Facebook is now on record as admitting to colluding with both the US and Israeli governments to delete  undesirable  accounts. This is a corporation which is now actively and opening violating US laws, which is engaging in criminal activity by any other definition. These are not the only threats posed by these corporate fascists. The very same corporate digital barons have also been busy colluding with politicians in order to repeal Net Neutrality   as part of the elites  final end-run to marginalize and ultimately crush all independent and dissenting voices online who threaten the primacy of mainstream groupthink, and who could get broader traction among the population if the playing field was truly a level one. Not only is this illegal under antitrust laws, but it represents a brutal form of fascism. It s now clearer than ever that Silicon Valley executives and government bureaucrats cannot be trusted to manage the most important public utility of the new century   the information super highway.So if the mainstream press can no longer be trusted, then who can you trust for objectivity and accuracy? Again, we have to ask the question: who s watching the watchers? Answer: We are.HAPPY NEW YEAR.SEE PREVIOUS TOP TEN CONSPIRACIES: 2016 Top Ten Conspiracies2015 Top Ten Conspiracies2014 Top Ten ConspiraciesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21921,‘Classified’ Emails from Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin found on Anthony Weiner’s Laptop,"Looking back on the 2016 Presidential election, there was a non-stop chorus on denials by Hillary Clinton, her campaign surrogates, and the mainstream media   that had not allowed any classified emails to float around her home-brew server, or onto the family of her close aids.As it turns out, Hillary Clinton was lying. A new batch of emails released by the US State Department clearly show that Anthony Weiner, convicted sex criminal and husband of Clinton s chief aid Huma Abedin, had kept classified emails pertaining to official US State Department business during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State   kept on the same laptop which Weiner used to target an underage girl and where he also kept child pornography.Among the released emails were exchanges which clearly show Hillary Clinton conspiracy with authoritarian Saudi Arabia to  stop Wikileaks. The reopening of this old Clinton gaping wound is another devastating blow for the mainstream media and the Democratic Party s  resistance  movement, whose mission is to remove Donald Trump for office.RT International reports At least five of the 2,800 emails stored on a laptop belonging to former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner were marked  confidential  and involved delicate talks with Middle Eastern leaders and Hillary Clinton s top aide.On Friday, the State Department released a batch of around 2,800 work-related documents from the email account of Huma Abedin, who served as the deputy chief of staff to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.At least five of the emails found on Abedin s ex-husband s laptop were heavily redacted and marked classified and at  confidential  level, the third more sensitive class the US government uses below  secret  and  top secret. The State Department applies the confidential classification level to information that  the unauthorized disclosure of which reasonably could be expected to cause damage to the national security,  according to the Government Publishing Office.While the documents were not marked as classified before they were released, some of the information recovered in the emails was considered classified. It is illegal for civilians to posses or read classified documents without a security clearance.The confidential emails, which date from 2010 to 2012, concern discussions with Middle Eastern leaders.Dishonest: despite being caught multiple times, Hillary Clinton is still in denial about mishandling classified material.One of the emails has the subject  Egyptian MFA on Hamas-PLO talks,  referring to the Palestine Liberation Organization. The email is mostly redacted, only mentioning that it is a  further update on Hamas-PA talks,  referring to the Palestinian Authority.Another four-page email contains a completely redacted  call sheet  to prepare Clinton for an upcoming call with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.A call sheet in another 2010 email includes notes to guide Clinton through a call she would make to Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal. The purpose of the call was to inform Saud about an impending WikiLeaks disclosure. This appears to be the result of an illegal act in which a fully cleared intelligence officer stole information and gave it to a website. The person responsible will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,  the call sheet instructed Clinton to say.Clinton was warning the Saudis the leak could contain information related to  private conversations with your government on Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan,  and asked the Saudi s to help the US prevent WikiLeaks from  undermining our mutual interests. During a congressional hearing in 2016, former FBI Director James Comey said Abedin regularly forwarded emails to Weiner for him to  print out for her so she could deliver them to the secretary of state. The emails were released in response to a 2015 lawsuit filed by conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch against the State Department after it failed to respond to a Freedom of Information request (FOIA) seeking:  All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address. In a statement issued Friday, Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the release a  major victory,  adding that it was no surprise there were classified documents on Weiner s computer. It will be in keeping with our past experience that Abedin s emails on Weiner s laptop will include classified and other sensitive materials,  Fitton said in a statement.  That these government docs were on Anthony Weiner s laptop dramatically illustrates the need for the Justice Department to finally do a serious investigation of Hillary Clinton s and Huma Abedin s obvious violations of law. The emails were discovered on Weiner s laptop during an FBI investigation into allegations that he engaged in  sexting  with a 15-year-old girl. In September, Weiner was sentenced to 21 months in prison after he pleaded guilty to sending obscene material to a minor.The discovery of the emails led Comey to announce that the FBI was reopening an investigation into Clinton s use of a private email server 11 days before the 2016 presidential election. Clinton said the announcement contributed to her loss to Donald Trump See more at RTLast year, in effort to shore-up Clinton s crumbling reputation for being truthful to the public, her campaign published a bizarre 4,000-word  fact sheet  on the Clinton campaign website.As it turned out, Clinton s  fact sheet  was riddled with numerous false statements and other half-truths, including a lie that the FBI was conducting a security review   when it was in fact conducting an investigation, and that she never sent or received classified information on her email account.This latest Weiner revelation is just another devastating blow to an already damaged political brand.Could Clinton mount a 2020 run?It s highly unlikely.READ MORE HILLARY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Clinton FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21922,How Trump is Accelerating the Decline of US Global Influence,"It should also be said that the current US Administration is merely finishing the job which started under three consecutive two-term presidents; Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama   something to bear in mind as Trump ends his first year in office.This new year, let us not forget who re-ignited the Middle East crisis, with the consecutive sackings of Libya and Syria The ""Moderate Rebel"" terrorists in Syria certainly miss you Barack, you were so generous to all of them.  Patrick Henningsen (@21WIRE) December 29, 2017While  Make America Great Again  might be the political campaign de jour at home, these next four years are likely to coincide with an overall decline in US influence in the world.Mehr News reports During the past decades after World WarII and disintegration of the former Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, the world has been dominated by the US in terms of politics, military and economy. But the rising of new world powers at the end of the 20th century and beginning of 21st century has challenged the US global domination. Washington s challenges with the new multipolar world order in recent years has resulted in the decline of US influence in the world, which is expected to be accelerated  withTrump s term in White House.Recognizing Al-Quds (Jerusalem) as Israeli regime s capital by Trump created lots of negative reaction and resulted in a resolution by the UN General Assembly despite the US threats   is a clear example of declining US global influence.Decline of US domination over world trade and financial regimesAfter the end of World WarII until 1960, the US held 40 percent of the world economy but after the rise of new economic powers like China, Japan and EU, in 2013 the US just held 25 percent of the world economy. Considering the recent decisions made by Trump to withdraw from TPP and NAFTA and tensions with EU, more decline is expected in near future.The Dollar dominated global financial, trade and banking regimes until the beginning of 21th century. The first blow to the dollar global stand was inflicted in 1999 when euro appeared as official currency of the EU. In recent years rise of Chinese renminbi has inflicted more blows to the dollar global stand, so that in 2015 only 50 to 60 percent of  world trades and transactions were done in dollar, according to EU central bank.During the past years, US sanctions against some countries like Russia, Iran and White House pressure on other countries to avoid transaction with these sanctioned countries, has resulted in some agreements between states to do their business in their own national currencies instead of dollar like the agreements between Iran, Russia, Turkey and China. Continuation of such agreements and trend will definitely lead to further decline of dollar global stand in future.Decline of the US strategic importance in terms of politics and militaryTrump s serious pressure on NATO   the most important strategic achievement of the US till now   with member states to pay more for the costs of the alliance, has inflicted serious damages to the solidarity of the member states and has created many doubts   so that some US old European allies are seriously after formation of a European Army.US inability to solve South Korea s missile and nuclear program issues despite Trump s rhetoric and bluffs, US inability to materialize its regional policy and plans in the Middle East to change the map of the region to the benefit of its own strategic interest and Israel s due to close cooperation of Iran, Russia, Turkey, Iraq and Syria   all these US failures and its wrong policies which have even forced some of its old regional allies like Turkey to recalibrate its relation and cooperation with White House in the region   shows the US limitations and incapability resulting in increasing decline of Washington s influence.Also the US inability to settle the issues in east of Ukraine and Crimea as its European allies expected has been a serious blow to its strategic stand among the Washington s European allies, and even worse nowadays as some of the Europeans consider US measures in east Europe as a blackmailing to gain the energy market of the EuropeDuring the last one year in office, Trump s moves to withdraw from Paris Climate Change accord, TPP, his wrong approach toward the nuclear deal with Iran (JCPOA), his insatiable immigration policy which has resulted in significant reduction in the number of foreign students in US for the first time, and finally his partial recognition of Al-Quds as Israeli regime s capital   all have inflicted serious blows to global credibility and influence of the country which cannot be at least mended in short-term.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21923,US Advising Soldiers to Be ‘Less Masculine’ as Military Tries to Curb Flood of Sexual Harassment Cases,"170619-N-AA175-092..SAN DIEGO (June 19, 2017) Command Master Chief (Ret.) Kathleen Henson, from Midland, Mich.,, center, and USS Makin Island (LHD 8) Sailors cut a cake during the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month observance. Makin Island is homeported in San Diego. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Eric Zeak   Published at Wikicommons)21st Century Wire says While military forces are fighting one enemy in the theatre of combat, another multi-front culture war is also being fought within their institutions. According to a recent report in Military.com, US military lawyers have begun speaking about how sexual assault cases are flooding the military courts   threatening to break the back of the military s legal system, and perhaps radically alter the institutional culture.After the release of the documentary,  The Invisible War,  the issue of sexual assault in the military has again been thrust into the national spotlight, claiming that 1 in 5 U.S. female veterans have sustained some form of sexual assault.The issue of sexual assault in the US military first rose to national prominence in 1992 with the emergence of the infamous  Tailhook Scandal. One likely reason for this new spike in reported cases could be because each military service branch has recently implemented new  awareness programs  as well as  sexual assault prevention  campaigns   which actively encourage female troops to report anything they might feel constitutes sexual harassment or a constitutes a sexual assault.This also comes at a time where the US military has undergone the gradual process of becoming more  gay friendly  in order to advance  issues of equality  and to cater for its growing ranks of LGBT service men and women.Military.com explains how the new liberal progressive agenda may be adversely affecting operations: Military lawyers said the Pentagon leadership has the right intentions, but these prevention campaigns have flooded military court rooms with so many sexual assault cases, it s made it harder to prosecute guilty sexual predators.Prosecutors lack witnesses or strong evidence in the majority of cases, making it hard to yield a conviction, said Michael Waddington, a military defense lawyer and former judge advocate in the Army. He sees too many cases that involve alcohol and depend on hearsay.The military has the resources to take many sexual assault cases to court, said Philip Cave, a military defense lawyer and retired Navy lawyer. Waddington estimated that ninety percent of the sexual assault cases taken to court-martial would be thrown out in a civilian court because of a lack of evidence.As a result, the military are now trying various other different initiatives to try and cope with a problem which to have spun out of control.RT International reports Promoting empathy and cracking down on hypermasculinity may help the Department of Defense to reduce unwanted sexual behavior and improve combat readiness, a new government report on sexual violence in the military says.Unwanted sexual behaviors   such as sexual harassment, sexual assault, and domestic violence    undermine core values, unit cohesion, combat readiness, and public goodwill, says the report, published this month by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and signed by Brenda Farrell, director of defense capabilities and management.The report pointed out that  interconnected, inappropriate behaviors  are part of a  continuum of harm  that creates a climate conducive to sexual harassment, assault and violence. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2017 expanded the definition of sexual harassment in the military beyond sex discrimination, to make it  an adverse behavior on the spectrum of behavior that can contribute to an increase in the incidence of sexual assault.  Both the Pentagon and the separate service branches have yet to update their policies to reflect this new definition, the GAO found.The report also urged the Pentagon to incorporate the guidelines for preventing and dealing with sexual violence developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).The Pentagon is ignoring risk factors identified by the CDC such as  alcohol and drug use, hypermasculinity, emotionally unsupportive family environments, general tolerance of sexual violence within the community, and societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement,  the report says.NEWPORT, R.I. (Oct. 29, 2010) Gunnery Sgt. Duncan Hurst encourages an officer candidate to properly perform pushups during the first week of the 12-week Officer Candidate School at Naval Station Newport. Hurst is one of 12 Marine Drill Instructors who train the candidates in military bearing, discipline, drill and physical fitness. (U. S. Navy photo by Scott A. Thornbloom/Released). Also ignored by the DoD are protective factors such as  emotional health and connectedness, and empathy and concern for how one s actions affect others. CDC s research has also established that survivors of one form of violence are more likely to be victims of other forms of violence, that survivors of violence are at higher risk for behaving violently, and that people who behave violently are more likely to commit other forms of violence,  the GAO report notes, apparently seeking to make a distinction between violence in authorized military conflict and personal violence.Noting that the DoD instructed the services in 2014 to develop mechanisms for reporting incidents of sexual harassment anonymously, the GAO said that such mechanisms are not yet part of the department-wide sexual violence policies.Additionally, each service branch uses a different database format to record formal complaints of sexual harassment   the Navy uses Excel spreadsheets, for example. While the GAO does not go as far as to recommend a single database, the report does advocate  improving and standardizing data collection  so that the Department of Defense can  further develop its understanding of the connection between unwanted sexual behaviors. Having a single standard across service branches would also be helpful, the GAO report says, noting that the US Marine Corps (USMC) updated its standards of conduct in May. The USMC made the change in response to the  Marines United  scandal, where current and former members posted nude photos of female recruits in a Facebook group, along with disparaging comments. While the Marines now consider posting nude photos of others without consent to be harassment, other service branches do not as of yet.The GAO report comes at a time of renewed interest in sexual harassment in the US. Accusations of improper behavior have forced a number of Hollywood celebrities, media executives and members of Congress to resign or be removed from public life.In 2015, the Obama administration lifted restrictions on having women in combat roles and set a deadline for allowing openly transgender troops to serve. In July this year, President Donald Trump said he would not allow transgender people to serve  in any capacity,  citing  tremendous medical costs and disruption  to the military. The matter is currently being fought over in the courts.So far, only men are required to register for potential draft ( Selective Service ) under US law. Attempts to expand the requirement to women have failed to get enough votes in Congress.See more at RTREAD THE FULL US GOV T G.A.O. REPORT HEREIn addition to new measures meant to mitigate the rise in sexual assault claims, general dictates on gender neutral language are also being rolled out apparently to protect vulnerable minority members of the armed service from being offended or  triggered.  This institutional trend is not limited to the US, as the institutional march of political correctness and its weaponization of gender identity politics is making its way through Great Britain s armed forces too   where phrases such as  mankind ,  chaps  and  sportsmanship  have now been banned.The UK Mail Online says:  The guide suggests the word  chaps  be swapped for the words  people ,  friends ,  folks  or  you all . The phrase  gentleman s agreement  has also be banned. Now, soldiers must use the term  unwritten agreement . Instead of  sportsmanship  members of the force are encouraged to say  fairness .     The two-page guide was compiled by the Joint Equality Diversity and Inclusion unit   which has earned the nickname of Jedi. Many LGBT servicewomen believe the US military is  too male-oriented  (Image: Pinterest).As pc cleric cluture takes over the military s management through the leveraging of radical progressive power-politics, people should be aware that this tactic actually designed to break down existing institutions and rearrange the internal power structure.It s no surprise then why the Russians are resisting Soros-funded political colonization in their country, which Moscow has correctly identified as subterfuge   through the clear exploitation of these culture and gender war battle lines. ImageQuestion: How will the US and UK armed forces be run in 10 years, if this socialized agenda is fully rolled out?READERS PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS BELOWREAD MORE CULTURAL MARXIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cultural Marxism FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21924,"Dopey Santas, McAfee Hacked, Silicon Valley vs. ACR – Boiler Room EP #141","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Fvnk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE contributors) for the hundred and forty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs, analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social rejects club.On this episode of Boiler Room the social rejects club meets for the final shebang of 2017. We ll be discussing John McAfee s twitter account being hacked to promote a low value crypto-currency, silicon valley censorship in social media, year end wrap ups and 2018 predictions.Direct Download Episode #141 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21925,The Jerusalem Decision: From Creative Chaos to Effective Turmoil," Dr Can Erimtan 21st Century WireDid Donald J. Trump have any idea about the impact his words would have across the world?!? Did he have any idea that the whole wide world, including the United Nations, would turn against him?On Wednesday, 6 December 2017, in the White House s Diplomatic Reception Room the President of the United States proceeded to make history, or, proceeded to leave his personal mark on the flow of world events as his words set a whole chain of global events in motion: I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today, I am delivering. In his preamble to this potentially explosive and arguably rather disconcerting statement, Trump explained that  [i]n 1995, [under Bill Clinton s watch, that is] Congress adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, urging the federal government to relocate the American embassy to Jerusalem and to recognize that that city   and so importantly   is Israel s capital. This act passed Congress by an overwhelming bipartisan majority and was reaffirmed by a unanimous vote of the Senate only six months ago.  In this way, the 45th U.S. President showed himself to have been cut from a completely different cloth indeed, as he uttered words that neither Bill Clinton, nor George W. Bush or, more importantly perhaps, Barack Obama had dared speak.Yes, Trump openly came out and made plain the deep love that dare not speak its name   in spite of the vehemently pro-Israel stance taken by the U.S. ever since the time of President Eisenhower (1953-61) and particularly, ever since the Six Day War (5-10 June 1967), in spite of the ceaseless activities of AIPAC and J Street, no previous incumbent had dared bestow a bona fide U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem as a physical token of the deep and ardent bonds between the New World and the Promised Land. Only, Donald J. Trump had the gall to  deliver,  doing what Clinton had promised yet none of his successors had been able to realise . . . until now, that is.In true Aristotelian fashion Trump took the potentiality that was Jerusalem (known as Al Quds or the Sacred City in the Muslim world) and turned it into an actuality by means of pledging full ambassadorial honours for the ancient city. Following these presidential words, outspoken Israeli voices did not take long to heap praise on the White House. Mark Regev, the erstwhile spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem (2004-7) and frequent Israeli apologist appearing on various mainstream media, and currently even active as Israeli Ambassador in London (since 2015) blurted out that he  think[s] this was a just move and a good move for peace. His boss, Bibi or Benjamin Netanyahu (fourth premiership, 2015 present) was equally forthcoming, talking to the press on the same day the U.S. President made his performance in the Diplomatic Reception Room:  Thank you President Trump for today s historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jewish people and the Jewish state will be forever grateful.  The PM in the next instance also echoed his ambassador s words, declaring that  [t]here is no peace that doesn t include Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The idea that Jerusalem should be at the heart of the Jewish people s  land and nation namely has its roots in the Bible, in 2 Chronicles 6:5-6, to be precise:  Since the day I brought my people out of Egypt, I have not chosen a city in any tribe of Israel to have a temple built so that my Name might be there, nor have I chosen anyone to be ruler over my people Israel. But now I have chosen Jerusalem for my Name to be there, and I have chosen David to rule my people Israel,  as worded in the New International Version. And Bibi knows that too.Bibi even took his words of praise abroad. First to Paris, where he met with President Emmanuel Macron, who had urged his U.S. counterpart to preserve the city s status quo prior to Trump s Diplomatic Reception Room performance (10 December 2017). Bibi disagreed volubly with the Frenchman, characterising as  absurd  anyone not willing to recognise the  millennial connection of the Jewish people to Jerusalem.  Next, even proceeding to refer to God s word that had elevated Jerusalem to its lofty position as site for his temple:  [y]ou can read it in a very fine book   it s called the Bible.  The following day he went to Brussels, where he attended a meeting of EU Foreign Ministers (11 December 2017). The Israeli PM told the gathered EU FM as well as the assembled press corps that Trump s Jerusalem declaration  makes peace possible because recognizing reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace. The Invention of the Jewish People and the Position of Jerusalem in IslamThe state of Israel, as a Jewish nation state implanted on Middle Eastern soil in 1948, employs nationalist myth and religious tradition as credible arguments justifying its mere existence. The Israeli journalist and author Daniel Gavron, for example, states that  most Israelis [regard it as] axiomatic that the celebrations for the 3,000th anniversary of the conquest of Jerusalem by King David [in 1995] mark[ed] a real and tangible event,  even though he himself doubts its authenticity. In other words, the Jewish people, as a shorthand for the Israeli citzenry, have apparently already been following the political and ideological leanings currently exhorted by Bibi for quite a while. But, as I explained at length some time ago, the mere mention of the term  nation  or even just  people  is a problematic issue in its own right   the point that I am trying to get across is that  nations  or  people  cannot be perceived as  natural  or even  organic  phenomena, but rather as contrived and constructed social units consisting of individuals who willingly become part of a larger  artificial  whole through the manipulation and management of larger forces and structures   leaders of men and their organisations. It has been nearly ten years now that the historian Schlomo Sand published his groundbreaking text The Invention of the Jewish People, which attempted to popularise the theoretical constructs of writers and thinkers like Benedict Anderson and Ernst Gellner, amongst others, but, as seems blatantly apparent from looking at Bibi s recent proclamations, his message has clearly failed to penetrate the academic bubble, in spite of having topped Israeli bestseller list  for nineteen weeks. With regard to the city of Jerusalem, on the other hand, archeological evidence appears to prove conclusivedly that the  site has been continuously occupied for some 5,000 years,  signalling the urban centre s pre-Jewish roots. But the notion that King David conquered the place to establish the one true god s temple seems rather shaky. Gavron explains that the  biblical account of the capture of the city is the only one we have, and in the opinion of most modern scholars, the Bible is not an entirely reliable historical document.  Still, archeological excavations carried out in the summer of 1993 appear to have produced evidence that a certain David indeed founded a dynastic live in the 10th century BCE   namely, a small  triangular piece of basalt rock . . . subsequently identified as part of a victory pillar erected by the king of Syria and later smashed by an Israelite ruler  carrying an Aramaic inscription talking about a  Beit David ( House  or  Dynasty of David ). But the Jewish  conquest  of Jerusalem did not mark the end of the city s story of military takeover and/or occupation: remaining in ancient times, the Assyrian King Sennacherib laid siege to the city in the year 701 BCE, whereas the Babylonian Nebuchadnezzar captured the city in the seventh year of his reign (598 BCE), but of greater importance is the sack and destruction of the city and its temple at the hands of Titus, son of the Roman Emperor Vespasian (70 CE), in response to the Jews  Great Revolt against Rome that had sprung up in 66 CE. The ultimate outcome of Rome s harsh response was the  Diaspora,  as explained by the American rabbi, lecturer, and author Joseph Telushkin, who estimates that  as many as one million Jews died  as a result, while carrying in its wake the  almost two-thousand-year span of Jewish homelessness and exile.  With the majority of Jews apparently dispersed from the land and city, Jerusalem was eventually conquered by the Caliph Umar (reign 634-44) in the year 638, an event which seems to have taken place following a  peaceful siege, no blood was shed,  in the words of Zia H Shah, a New York-based physician and the Chief Editor of the Muslim Times. The addition of Jerusalem to the Dar al-Islam (or, the abode of Islam) was important. Though the city s name does not appear specifically in the Quran (containing only a reference to  al-Masjid al- Aqsa  or the  Furthest Mosque,  17:1), it is the locus of the Prophet s miraculous Night Journey (or Mi raj). The story, as related in various prophetic traditions (or hadith), tells how the figure of the Prophet travelled from  Makkah to the Furthest Mosque (in Jerusalem), from whence he ascended Heaven, so that Allah might  show him of Our signs. As a result, the Masjid al- Aqsa, arguably built by the Caliph Umar though no historical records exist to this effect, is regarded as the third most sacred mosque in Islam, following the Masjid Al-Haram in Makkah, and Al Masjid An-Nabawi in Madinah.A Pseudo-Ottoman Gambit: Diverting Attention for a PurposeAs a result, Donald Trump s Diplomatic Reception Room stunt far supersedes the thorny Palestinian issue, the life-and-death matter of peace in the Middle East, or even the real estate division between East and West Jerusalem. The English-language pan-Arab television channel Al Jazeera English matter-of-factly point out on its website that  [v]iolence, protests and arrests have followed US President Donald Trump s decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. All across the globe Muslims have taken to the street to voice their disapproval of Trump s latest attempt to act like a real president, a president unlike any of his predecessors:  [r]allies against Trump s decision also took place in the Indian city of Mumbai, the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, and the Japanese capital, Tokyo.  But also in Turkey   where President Recept Tayyip Erdo an (aka the Prez)  has been at pains for years to appear as a rightful heir to the Ottoman sultans of old   after all, Sultan Selim I (1512-20) took hold of the city of Jerusalem in 1517, remaining part of the Ottoman fold till the onset of the British Mandate (1917-48). On Thursday and Friday, (7-8 December 2017),  spontaneous  meetings took place throughout the whole of the country, from Istanbul over Bursa, Ankara, and Mersin, to Hatay, Gaziantep, Tatvan, Adana, Van, and Kahramanmara . More importantly, the 57-member Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) held a meeting in Istanbul on 13 December 2017, and the Prez employed this platform to portray himself as the ultimate champion of Islam, defying not just the United States of America and Israel, but also the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the nominal Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques. As I have written quite some time ago, the Prez is more than determined to challenge his erstwhile friend and ally King Salman and see himself as the rightful Calip of the world of Islam, in true pseudo-Ottoman fashion.The OIC meeting dutifully released its  Istanbul Declaration on  Freedom for Al Quds' : [a]ppreciating the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish people for hosting the Extraordinary Islamic Summit regarding this important cause of Ummah, especially the call for this Extraordinary Summit made by His Excellency Recep Tayyip Erdo an (image, left), President of the Republic of Turkey . . . We reject and condemn the US Administration s unlawful statement regarding the status of Al Quds . . . Just like the fact that Israel s decision to annex Al Quds and its actions and practices therewith are never accepted, we declare that this statement is identically null and void from the point of view of conscience, justice and history. We invite all members of the UN, the EU and the international community to remain committed to the status of Al Quds and all related UN Resolutions. Rather than accomplishing anything much at all, the extraordinary OIC meeting primarily served to heighten Tayyip  Erdo an s prestige, at home as well as abroad. As such, a cynic would say that Trump s timing was impeccable, as 17/25 December marks the anniversary of the scandal variously known as #AKPgate that erupted in 2013, and that presently was very much on people s minds in Turkey given that the Turkish-Iranian businessman Reza Zarrab (or R za Sarraf, in Turkish) was appearing in court in New York. The court case investigates breaches of the sanctions placed upon Iran and many Turks eagerly followed the proceedings on Twitter. One Istanbul-based writer Kareem Shaheen described the accusations as follows:  [i]n a case that has strained relations between Turkey and the US, Reza Zarrab, a Turkish-Iranian gold trader, described a sprawling money laundering network that allowed Iran access to international markets from 2010 to 2015 in violation of sanctions over its nuclear programme. He told jurors in New York on Thursday [30 November 2017] that [Tayyip] Erdo an, who was prime minister of Turkey at the time, had personally authorised a transaction on behalf of Iran. Zarrab said he had [also] bribed the then Turkish economy minister Zafer  a layan and the former head of the state-owned Halkbank. As a result, given that the Zarrab case all but exacerbated the dire Turco-American relationship, Trump s Jerusalem declaration must have come as a welcome bolt from the blue for Erdogan. The decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital finally absolved the Erdogan from any attempts to salvage the cross-Atlantic relationship, and instead emboldened him to announce publicly that the Republic of Turkey is now the rightful heir to the Ottoman Empire and the only hope left for Muslims across the world, Muslims that have been victimised by years and years of oppressive U.S. foreign policy. And, putting a cherry on top of the proverbial cake of discontent, Erdo an announced on Thursday, 17 December 2017, that he would establish a Turkish Embassy in Jerusalem, representing Ankara in Palestine, to be clear. Speaking to an audience of faithful followers in the city of Karaman, the Prez declared  God willing, the day is close when officially, with God s permission, we will open our embassy there,  in Jerusalem.All the while, the Palestinian people continue to suffer and Israel employs any and every pretext available to stage military assaults on the Gaza strip and crack down on Palestinian protesters But, Trump has done his deed, leaving his indelible mark on the Middle East, while the Prez, in turn, can now rightfully claim that he alone is able to represent the Muslim world on the international arena.*** 21WIRE special contributor Dr. Can Erimtan is an independent scholar who was living in Istanbul for some time, with a wide interest in the politics, history and culture of the Balkans and the Greater Middle East. He attended the VUB in Brussels and did his graduate work at the universities of Essex and Oxford. In Oxford, Erimtan was a member of Lady Margaret Hall and he obtained his doctorate in Modern History in 2002. His publications include the book  Ottomans Looking West?  as well as numerous scholarly articles. In the period 2010-11, he wrote op-eds for Today s Zaman and in the further course of 2011 he also published a number of pieces in H rriyet Daily News. In 2013, he was the Turkey Editor of the  stanbul Gazette. He is on Twitter at @theerimtanangleREAD MORE PALESTINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Palestine FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21926,A POEM: ‘Twas The Night Before CNN’s Christmas…’,ACR s BOILER ROOM presents a Christmas poem Twas the Night Before CNN s #FakeNews Christmas    By Randy J.. HELP US TO KEEP DOING WHAT WE DO   DONATE NOW TO 21WIRE!SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV,0
21927,Bundy Case Ruled a Mistrial – Will Federal Case Soon Crumble?,"Mark Anderson  21st Century WireThe Greek philosopher Plato was credited with saying,  Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens. Well, since longtime Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, his sons, and his other compatriots have demonstrated they possess a strong sense of principles and justice, perhaps a little justice in the life of the American state is possible which is no small thing in an age of nearly universal tyranny and injustice.This welcome ray of light became apparent in Las Vegas on Dec. 20 when U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro declared a mistrial in the current high-profile proceedings involving Cliven, his sons Ryan and Ammon, and Ryan Payne.This prompted members of the Bundy family and dozens of their supporters to leave the courthouse on that Tuesday in a state of elation, even with the presence of protesters who, holding signs that read,  Keep your Bundy hands off public lands,  appeared to be paid agitators for billionaire leftist revolutionary George Soros, as one protestor basically admitted.Back in the spring of 2014, the above-named four defendants who ve become emblematic of the plight of Western ranchers resisting heavy-handed federal land controls were accompanied by other Bundy siblings, and by scores of supporters from across the nation, all of whom gathered near Cliven s ranch in Clark County, in southern Nevada, to exercise their First and Second Amendment rights.On that basis, these brave souls, some of whom were armed in an open-carry state, protested the actions of well-armed Bureau of Land Management agents, FBI agents (including SWAT units) and contractors, when these officials showed up, set up shop, and finally moved to impound Cliven s cattle over flimsy allegations of unpaid grazing fees on public lands. The impoundment attempt, on April 12, 2014, was unsuccessful, however.But while the government retreated that day after a lengthy and often tense standoff, a 16-count federal indictment was eventually handed down. Cliven, Ammon and the two Ryans were among nearly 20 initially indicted in this now-legendary federal case, which hasn t gone particularly well for prosecutors ever since the first of several planned trials started in February of 2017.Thus, the government, despite spending millions of dollars, has seen its case steadily deflate to the point where, as of now, the only things that remain, according to a legal observer, are for Judge Navarro to receive briefs from the prosecution and the defense by 5 p.m. Dec. 29 (when a hearing may take place). Those briefs will consist of arguments to enable the judge to decide whether or not to fully dismiss the case.The mistrial happened around 9:30 a.m. Pacific Time Dec. 20, as  Navarro told the jury to  go home . . . it s over,  recounted Roger Roots, a legal expert and author who has observed virtually every trial proceeding firsthand.He said that after Judge Navarro reviews the briefs, an open hearing will be convened at 9 a.m. on Jan. 8, according to the court schedule as of this writing. If she rules for dismissal Jan. 8  without prejudice,  the indictment remains in force and federal prosecutors technically could reset the trial of Cliven and the three others, reportedly on or around Feb. 26. But if she rules for dismissal  with prejudice,  then the indictment is dissolved, according to Roots.Roots said a dissolved indictment would mean the government would have to go to the trouble and expense of convening a new grand jury in order to seek a new indictment which would be  double jeopardy  and therefore a probable constitutional violation.And while Roots said the government conceivably could appeal the mistrial ruling to the Ninth Circuit, at this point he does not believe the government would jump through all the necessary hoops for a new indictment.Notably, what helped make the mistrial a reality was Navarro s findings (reached during hearings on exculpatory evidence that the government has been withholding) that the prosecution had committed several Brady v Maryland violations including not disclosing to the defense the existence of surveillance cameras, including those trained at the Bundy homestead.Also included is not disclosing the fact that concealed snipers were stationed around the area at the time of the 2014 standoff; not disclosing the existence of maps of the snipers  positions; and, among other things, not disclosing threat-assessment reports which include government admissions that Cliven and company are not dangerous people.SEE ALSO: Nevada Residents:  Public Land Belongs to the People, Not DC Notably, family patriarch Cliven, as a matter of principle, stayed in prison despite a recent hearing in which the court allowed him to leave jail under house arrest. He has been jailed since early 2016 and has suffered from health problems.Cliven based his decision on the fact that a few remaining defendants which had included his sons Mel and Dave until they, too, were granted house arrest are still in jail awaiting a final trial that s been scheduled to take place sometime next year. Moreover, Ryan and Ammon Bundy, as well as Ryan Payne, all were recently released under house-arrest rulings, after an equally grueling amount of time behind bars.During a recent on-the-air interview, Cliven s daughter-in-law Briana, who s Mel s wife, told Free Speech Zone host Jim Lambley of KSDZ-FM  The Twister  out of Nebraska that in the almost two years that Cliven has been behind bars, several more grandchildren of his were born. Yet Cliven, despite such a strong emotional attachment to his large family, still chose to remain in jail to honor the others still imprisoned.On a Dec. 20 appearance on the same radio show, Briana added,  Over 3,300 hundred pages of evidence that could ve helped the defense have been withheld and have been turned over to the defense in the last two weeks . . . . It was absolutely intentional and she [Judge Navarro] said she believes it was intentional because of what they withheld. Briana, who understands that even one, let alone several Brady violations, normally would be expected to lead to a full dismissal of the case right away (rather than carrying on with more hearings) added, however, that the Bundy siblings all are wearing electronic ankle bracelets and cannot leave their house-arrest locations before 7 a.m. and must return by 7 p.m., even while they are prohibited from congregating during Christmastime. But we re still winning here,  Briana went on to tell KSDZ host Jim Lambley, while adding that even though a dismissal was hoped-for, rather than a mistrial, the upside is that any further proceedings will provide an opportunity to expose even more evidence that the government has withheld.Lambley replied:  The government is just digging a deeper hole for themselves; the government is the false accuser here, that s all there is to it. Mr. Roots, who s cautiously optimistic about the remainder of this case, said that given the mistrial ruling, the few defendants still behind bars have a dramatically improved chance of never going to trial. Cliven won t go home until this case is all the way over,  Roots remarked, moved by Cliven s ironclad principles.This article was originally published at The Truth HoundREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21928,Mainstream Media Fake News: 21st Century Wire Debates American ‘Liberal’ Academic,"This past week saw one of the most colorful debates regarding the CNN and US mainstream media meltdown over the Russia-gate conspiracy.CrossTalk says:  Trust in the mainstream media is at an all-time low. But no one should be surprised and the media has itself to blame. This sad state of affairs is a self-inflicted wound and actually a conscious business model. The media no longer has an interest in reporting news   media today propagates ideology. Host Peter Lavele is CrossTalking with guests Eric Alterman (Senior Fellow at Center for American Progress), Patrick Henningsen (21st Century Wire), and Lionel (Lionel Media).  Watch:. READ MORE CNN FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21929,CLOAKED IN CONSPIRACY: Overview of JFK Files Reopens Door to Coup d’état Claims & Cold War Era False Flag Terror,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireSince late October, an ongoing release of intelligence files related to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy have reignited decades old conspiracy claims. While the material released is reportedly a mix of new and old, some critics have declared that the recently declassified files reveal even more startling evidence regarding the death of 35th president of the United States.Upon reviewing pivotal historical elements linked to the Kennedy assassination, we re told that the vast majority of CIA and FBI records regarding the JFK files have been released, though many are still pending.Despite claims that newly revealed files contain smoking gun evidence in the enigmatic case, the murder of President John F. Kennedy is perhaps an act that will forever be shrouded in conspiracy and mystery as the controversial case is unlikely to bever e officially reopened during our lifetime.  CLOAKED IN CONSPIRACY    JFK assassination claims have been reignited following the CIA and FBI case record releases. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)NOTE*   While the JFK files have been making their way to The National Archives website since late October, some material released contains names of certain individuals that will remain redacted due to apparent concerns over national security.Although the JFK case is one of America s most compelling conspiracies, it s doubtful that there will ever be complete transparency regarding any information concerning a larger premeditated plot. Among the mountain of theories and credible information concerning the 35th president s assassination, is the likely inclusion of red herrings, false leads, misinformation and media tripwire s that will forever float in the ether of conspiracy realms in an effort to misdirect the public.In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a cloaked wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird. The controversial program infiltrated the American news media in order to influence the public, while also disseminating propaganda through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups.At the start of 2017, more than 12 million declassified documents from the CIA were reportedly published online. While the intelligence docu-dump was believed to have shed additional light on covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, it also contained more evidence confirming the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media.  DARK DAY    The JFK motorcade traveling through Dallas on November 22nd, 1963. Later that fateful day, Kennedy was scheduled to give a speech at the Dallas Trade Mart. One month earlier, Kennedy had discussed plans to withdraw troops from Vietnam. (Image Source: businessinsider)Over the course of this article, we ll take a look at one of America s most puzzling crimes, while examining some of the most intriguing aspects related to the recently declassified JFK files Guarding the Hen HouseAlthough the CIA s declassified JFK documents offer a window into a web of clandestine operatives, cloaked mafia figureheads and uncanny politically connections at play throughout the tension inducing Cold War era, one should remain skeptical and cautious, as it s very unlikely that any new release would result in a criminal case against the producers of such a large conspiratorial crime, even if such a plot revealed irrefutable evidence.  TRIALS & TRIBULATIONS    After Jim Garrison s case against Shaw, the DA was found not guilty on charges of bribery in a separate trial regarding illegal pinball gambling. Garrison represented himself in 3-hour much ballyhooed closing statement and was easily acquitted on all charges. (Image Source: nola)Moreover, while it s tempting to take the claims of the US intelligence apparatus at face value, an astute observer should tread lightly when viewing any new disclosures related to the JFK assassination.In fact, the very institutions releasing these files today, were at the heart of a controversial investigation conducted by New Orleans District Attorney, Jim Garrison, whose CIA related conspiracy claims regarding President Kennedy s assassination led to charges against a well-known New Orleans businessman and former WW2 military intelligence officer named Clay Shaw. After having been decorated with several prestigious military merits without ever having seen fire in the battlefield   Shaw quickly rose through the ranks of the military, even joining the counterintelligence squad known as the Special Operations Section.Shaw s military pedigree recalls the prototype for modern  Deep State intelligence programs and the formation of the Office of the Coordinator of Information (COI), an intelligence propaganda agency in 1941 that was succeeded by Office of Strategic Services (OSS), a wartime intelligence apparatus created in 1942 which focused on psychological warfare prior to the formation of the CIA. OSS agents also worked closely with British Security Coordination (BSC). Additionally, the notorious right-wing paramilitary group Organisation arm e secr te (OAS) in France from 1954-1962 had close ties with the CIA through various front organizations connected to the agency.Below is passage concerning the formation of the CIA as illuminated by Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis. Here we see that the inception of the CIA was a direct result of the passing of the National Security Act of 1947, as well as the influence of powerful political US-UK think-tanks coordinating in the background: First, the CIA (preceded by the OSS) was set up as a result of the National Security Act of 1947 [signed] under [Harry S. Truman after the OSS creation by] Franklin D. Roosevelt, springing in part from the Pratt House in New York (future home of the Council on Foreign Relations), itself modelled from the British Secret Intelligence Service.  Likewise, the over-arching institutions that control and run the intelligence agencies in the West, like the Council on Foreign Relations, were modelled on the Oxford Round Table Groups and the Royal Institute for International Affairs. Indeed, the Pratt House s British counterpart was the Chatham House. From America to Europe, the spectre of intelligence operations has loomed large throughout much of the last century and in the suspicious death of JFK, this was never more apparent   CONSPIRATOR?    A brooding Clay Shaw photographed during the JFK assassination trial in 1968. (Image Source: nola)Company Men & SpymastersIn the aftermath of WW2, Shaw was stated to have been officially discharged from military duty. This prompted the published playwright and Chevalier of the Order of the Crown in Belgium (Knight of Malta) to then travel to New Orleans, whereupon he supposedly received support from the entrepreneurial millionaire Theodore Brent, a local businessman known for rail and shipping operations, including the Mississippi Shipping Company, an organization believed to be a CIA intelligence front that allegedly focused on gathering information on Latin America. Incidentally, the former OSS intelligence officer Shaw, held his first post-war position with the Mississippi Shipping Company.In 1943, Brent helped charter the International House with a collection of leaders of commerce, trade and banking insiders. It would become one of two predecessors before the creation of the world s first trade center.In 1947, Shaw became a founder and managing director of International Trade Mart, a New Orleans financial partner housed in a 33-story cross-shaped building that played a large role in international commerce. The  Trade Mart  as it was called, merged with the International House to form the World Trade Center (see left photo) of New Orleans in 1968. Upon the apparent  sponsorship  of the trade center, the group sought to expand trade operations in Basel, Switzerland, a project that was backed by a slew of well-connected financiers that brought to fruition the organization known as Permindex. Over the years, many researchers have examined extremely compelling ties between the CIA and Permindex, as one of the holding company s main backers, a lawyer named Lloyd J. Cobb held a Covert Security Clearance issued by the CIA in October of 1953. In addition, Shaw served on the board of directors at Permindex, as Cobb would later become president of Trade Mart in 1962, providing further evidence of the kind of international reach held by the CIA-linked group of partners. Interestingly, one of the Trade Mart s stated goals would not only be to act as a conduit for foreign trade but the organization would also counter communist propaganda.  This is something that would later fall in line with other CIA-linked operations over that time period.Temple University professor and well-known JFK researcher Joan Mellen, found a number of other links between the CIA and the International Trade Mart that aroused suspicion. Here s a short passage from her book entitled  A Farewell to Justice: Jim Garrison, JFK s Assassination, And the Case That Should Have Changed History: The International Trade Mart was run by CIA operatives, its public relations handled by David G. Baldwin, who would later acknowledge his own  CIA connections.  Baldwin s successor, Jesse Core, was also with the CIA. It was a matter of saving the Agency  shoe leather,  Core would say. The Trade Mart donated money to CIA asset Ed Butler s INCA. Every consulate within its bowels was bugged. Furthermore, not only were Trade Mart and Permindex linked to the CIA   but (see left photo) they were also suspected of ties to organized crime.In March of 1967, according to the Italian newspaper Paese Sera, Permindex was said to have been CIA front for the purposes of political espionage in Europe, including claims that the company took part in an attempted assassination on the French Prime Minister Charles de Gualle alongside the extremist French group OAS in 1961. There were some 30 attempts on de Gaulle s life in the early 1960 s, which many believe was linked to him granting Algeria independence. In 1966, de Gaulle also bucked the established order by withdrawing France from the NATO Military Command Structure. In 1958, after the inception of Permindex, Shaw, along with Cobb and other banking and trade insiders, including David Rockefeller, created a Permindex subsidiary in Rome known as Centro Mondaiale Commerciale (CMC). Permindex/CMC, were later kicked out of Italy due to implications that the CIA front organizations were involved in the subversion of European governments.After Shaw s arrest, Joan Mellen s husband Ralph Schoenman sent the Paese Sera newspaper articles to Garrison from London. The Italian paper according to Mellen, exposed the  CIA s pernicious attempt to influence European electoral politics and thwart the democratic process in more than one country. Adding to that, Mellen explained in her book mentioned above, that the family of former CIA Director of Central Intelligence, Allen Dulles (left photo), had been very  interested  in Permindex.  In 2005, Dr. Daniele Ganser stated that a highly secretive CIA-backed paramilitary army was  born out of the head of Allen Dulles  in his seminal book,  NATO s Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe.  According Ganser s research, documents revealed that the CIA s covert armies were used to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era strategy of tension. As the former Swiss Director of the OSS, Dulles, had a tainted past tied to a program which sought to assimilate Nazi scientists into America after WW2 under the code name Operation Paperclip. A decade later in 1953, Dulles as head of the CIA approved $1 million dollars in the lead up to overthrow the democratically elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in what became known as Operation Ajax (aka the TPAJAX project). One year later, in 1954, he was the mastermind of a Guatemalan coup.In the aftermath of the JFK assassination, Dulles would be appointed as one of a seven member panel on the controversial Warren Commission headed by fellow Freemason Chief Justice Earl Warren. Rather intriguingly, David Talbot s book entitled  The Devil s Chessboard: Allen Dulles, the CIA, and the Rise of America s Secret Government,  recently raised more questions concerning the potential role played by Dulles in the death of Kennedy.During the Dulles era as CIA chief, Shaw s served as an informant in the CIA s Domestic Contacts Service throughout 1948-1956. Given Shaw s extensive military intelligence background, it stands to reason any connection to the CIA would have been extremely significant.Prior to the formation of the top-secret project QKENCHANT in 1952, Shaw was granted a  five-agency  clearance in 1949. According to FOIA documents obtained by the Mary Ferrell Foundation,  Subject [Shaw] was granted a Provisional Security Approval for use under Project QKENCHANT on an unwitting basis on 10 December 1962.  The  Agency project QKENCHANT was allegedly used to grant security approvals to  non-Agency personnel,  along with closely tied entities for the purpose of proposing future projects, activities and the formation of new relationships. Interestingly, project QKENCHANT also used the services of another individual swirling in the JFK assassination stratosphere named E. Howard Hunt. Years later, the former CIA operative and White House aide Hunt, would become a well-known name as he was tagged as one of five Watergate burglars that stained the Nixon administration after breaking into the Democratic National Committee headquarters. The list of additional accomplices included three other apparent anti-communist Cuban exiles, along with G. Gordon Liddy, and James McCord who would also be implicated in the  White House Plumbers  plot.In 2007, although Hunt declined direct participation, he released a 2004 controversial confession that suggested he played a  benchwarmer  role in the plot to kill Kennedy. While Hunt s apparent allegations caused quite a stir, he fingered several suspected plotters such as the anti-Castro Frank Sturgis and Cuban exile leader of Alpha 66, Antonio Veciana, a man who claims to have  inadvertently  witnessed a meeting with the CIA and Lee Harvey Oswald before Kennedy s death.In Michael Benson s  Who s Who in the JFK Assassination: An A to Z Encyclopedia,  according to Garrison, CMC represented the paramilitary right in Europe, along with the  Italian fascists, American CIA and other interests.  Here s a compelling passage from Benson s book that links CMC, Permindex, the CIA and organized crime: According to evidence in the WC [Warren Commission] hearings, Permindex was suspected of funding political assassinations and laundering money for organized crime. Shaw was also on the board of directors for Permindex s sister corporation, Centro Mondaiale Commerciale CMC.Benson s book also cites other well researched claims regarding CMC and the apparent money laundering of their liquid assets. According to a 1958 State Department document, the CMC, the World Trade Center of Rome, was indeed modeled after the CIA-created Trade Mart in New Orleans.More recently, important  groundbreaking  documents associated with the construct of CMC were unearthed in 2016 by the Italian journalist Michele Metta.According to well-known researcher and writer Jim Marrs a tangled web of intelligence operations linked to Permindex and CMC were further described in his book entitled  Cross Fire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy. Below is a revealing passage from the seminal JFK researcher: The Trade Mart was connected with the Centro Mondaiale Commerciale CMC through yet another shadowy firm named Permindex (Permanent Industrial Expositions), also in the business of international expositions. Continuing, Cross Fire exposed other suspicious intelligence links: The Italian media reported that [Ferenc] Nagy was president of Permindex and the board chairman and major stockholder was Major Louis Mortimer Bloomfield a powerful Montreal lawyer who represented the Bronfmans, a Canadian family made wealthy by the liquor industry, as well as serving US intelligence services. Reportedly Bloomfield established Permindex in 1958 as part of the creation of worldwide trade centers connected with CMC. As reported in investigative work by David Goldman and Jeffery Steinberg in 1981, Bloomfield was stated to have been recruited to be part of the British Special Operations Executive (SOE) in 1938. later the Montreal lawyer obtained an official rank in the US Army, OSS intelligence and the FBI s counterespionage  Division Five  unit as confirmed by Marrs. Additionally, Bloomfield held close ties with Master Mason FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover and Tibor Rosenbaum, a head of finance for Israeli intelligence.Further conspiratorial claims would be levied on Rosenbaum s Geneva-based Banque de Credit International (BCI), a Mossad-linked bank that allegedly laundered Permindex money to finance assassination attempts on de Gaulle. BCI was also the predecessor to the scandal plagued Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) that was later found to be peddling in terror funding, arms deals and prostitution. BCCI would later be implicated in the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee report called The BCCI Affair. In 1974, Rosenbaum himself was said to have owed BCI some $60 million after his business associate Baron Edmond de Rothschild of the Israel Corporation, discovered an apparent an open and shut case of unauthorized conversion of company funds,  that were transferred to the insolvent Inter Credit Trust of Vaduz instead of BCI.  COVERT OPERATOR?    Lee Harvey Oswald seen handing out  Fair Play for Cuba  leaflets outside the International Trade Mart in New Orleans in August of 1963. (Image Source: neworleanspast)The Dallas Plot & The Cuban ProjectIn March of 1967, Garrison, the ex-FBI agent turned DA, indicted Shaw on conspiracy charges related to the assassination of President Kennedy. It would take 22 months before the court proceedings would begin in a trial which lasted 34 days. Aspects of the Shaw trial became popularized following Oliver Stone s much debated and controversial thriller entitled JFK (1991).At the start of the trial in 1969, Garrison s opening statement contended that Shaw, a man believed to have used the alias known as  Clay Bertrand  (also Clem) within the New Orleans socialite scene and gay underground, was also a well-connected former military intelligence officer with no formal background in trade that allegedly participated in a plot to kill the 35th president of the United States. Garrison would further assert that Shaw met with a former US Marine Lee Harvey Oswald and an airline pilot for Eastern Airlines, David Ferrie on several occasions over the summer of 1963, eventually culminated in a meeting at Ferrie s New Orleans apartment where Garrison s star-witness a 25-year-old insurance salesman for Equitable Life Assurance Society named Perry Raymond Russo, apparently overheard the men discussing critical details regarding a JFK assassination plot in September of 1963.Below is screen shot depicting a portion of a NY Times article discussing Russo s testimony of the JFK plot Russo s account of what happened was a major part of the trial and has been one of the most controversial aspects of Garrison s case against Shaw ever since. Over the years, researchers and mainstream critics have debated the credibility of Russo after receiving hypnosis prior to his testimony.JFK case critics believe that due to the combination of the credibility of witnesses called into question, the possibility of planted witnesses and the untimely deaths of some 18 material witnesses, including the controversial death of Ferrie, who was not able to be deposed, Shaw was acquitted in 54 minutes in the only JFK assassination case to make it to trial.A documentary entitled  The JFK Assassination; The Jim Garrison Tapes  discusses many of the  controversial elements of the Shaw trial and its aftermath Interestingly, the demanding trial would include some surprising moments based on witness testimony, as well as the shocking Abraham Zapruder footage which was viewed publicly for the first time before the jury. Moreover, it would later be revealed that the apparent dressmaker Zapruder, had his own links to a CIA front organization as he was stated to have been a member of the Dallas Council on World Affairs. Another fellow member of the council orbiting around the JFK plot, was petroleum engineer George Serguis de Mohrenschildt. Mohrenschildt s ties didn t end there, as he apparently worked out of a CIA-trust building and had befriended Oswald in the summer of 1962. It would later be revealed that Mohrenschildt exchanged letters with Texas oilman and Vice President Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) some seven months before the JFK assassination and that he knew George Bush Sr since 1942. Surely, these high level links to CIA and top-ranking officials tracing back to Oswald were not just a coincidence. The whole episode appears to have been echoed two decades later, as a Bush/Hinckley family nexus was exposed following an attempt to assassinate the 40th President of the United States, Ronald Reagan.While many mainstream accounts support a Fidel Castro theory in the death of Kennedy due to the apparent assassination attempts on his life, its important to note the massive CIA influence in Cuba. According to Cuban-born American historian and writer Servando Gonzalez, Castro himself had ties to the Council on Foreign Relations and was really a form of controlled opposition. Furthermore, when concerning a larger conspiracy revolving around Cuba, one should consider the political backdrop   on one hand there was the possibly designed to fail CIA-backed  Bay of Pigs  invasion which set the stage for Operation Mongoose, a clandestine program overseen by the CIA, the US State Department (DOS) and the Department of Defense (DoD). Mongoose made use of the anti-Castro Oswald-CIA-mafia-linked Ferrie, along with Cuban exiles in order to sabotage the Castro regime. Additionally, waiting in the wings was the top-secret proposal called Operation Northwoods, a particularly subversive false flag program that included plots of hijacked planes, the bombing of a US ship, a virulent communist Cuban terror campaign in US cities and manufacturing the  real or simulated  deaths of Cuban refugees.In April of 1961, US planning for the Cuban Project aka Operation Mongoose began and was to stated to have been led by Air Force General Edward Lansdale, Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and others. The all-encompassing covert war program (seen in part in the image below) would be set in motion to subvert the Cuban regime by October 1962. Underneath the network of Operation Mongoose, there were 33 proposed plans (including Operation Northwoods) designed specifically to be used as a pretext to invade Cuba.The Northwoods false flag operation drafted by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and signed off on by Chairman Lyman Lemnitzer was ultimately rejected by Kennedy. However, the declassified files related to the operation are still shocking 55 years later, as the program considered creating  funerals for mock victims, for one of the various plots, as well as produce  casualty lists in US newspapers,  in order to  cause a helpful wave of indignation,  as another plot would reveal where  Soviet bloc incendiaries could be found, after a night of cane-burning in Cuba.This was all said to be happening as President Kennedy was stated to have quietly been working to negotiate through  back channels  with Castro. October of 1962 ushered in the  Cuban Missile Crisis a tense escalation during the Cold War that culminated in Soviet nuclear missiles being placed in Cuba to prevent an invasion. During this time, all Mongoose related operations were halted, as US intelligence apparently failed to warn the Kennedy administration of the Soviet military aid.One could contend that the entirety of Mongoose PSYOP used to cast blame on Cuba was a precursor for future nation building projects that have also unfairly manipulated the public in the wake of alleged mass trauma.  PATSY?    Many researchers believe that the alleged lone gunman in the JFK assassination was an intelligence linked operative who used the alias, Alek Hidell.  (Image Source: pinterest)Covert Operators, the Mafia & NATO s False FlagsAs the identity of Oswald has been shrouded in mystery and manipulation, one is reminded of his  Fair Play for Cuba Committee housed at 544 Camp Street in the very same building of Guy Banister, ex-FBI agent turned private investigator, whose office was at 531 Lafayette Street, just around the corner from Oswald s office in the now demolished Newman building. Incidentally, Banister was stated to have been linked to the FBI s Hoover, while maintaining a front investigative firm that included the CIA operative Ferrie, who reportedly had very close ties to one of the country s most powerful mafia bosses, Carlos Marcello of New Orleans. According to a Washington Post article from 1979, the House Select Committee on Assassinations believed that Banister s private detective agency was a cover for his role as go-between for the CIA and the Cuban exiles involved in anti-Castro operations.  Additionally, Banister and Ferrie were reportedly engaged in a gun-running operation for Cuban commandos, as the building became headquarters for anti-Castro groups. A decade after the assassination and Shaw trial, CIA operative William Gaudet claimed to have seen Banister with Oswald in a garage near the Camp Street offices. Banister was also found to have ties to the extremist French group OAS.Interestingly, both Oswald and Ferrie operated offices out of the 544 Camp Street address. This meant that the apparently pro-Castro Oswald group operated directly next to Ferrie s anti-Castro activities. The absurdity of this revelation is still as potent today as it was in the late 1960 s. Furthermore, the Post article mentioned above, explained that  Banister s Camp Street office was surrounded by Cuban-exile organizations, including at one point the Cuban Revolutionary Council, a CIA front group set up by, among others, Antonio de Varona, the Cuban exile leader. Rather intriguingly, the Warren Commission would conclude that no one could connect Oswald to 544 Camp Street. This would directly contradict the FBI s own pre-assassination file which had already conclusively linked Oswald to the well-known Camp Street address.Even though allegedly avowed Marxist Oswald operated the pro-Castro  Fair Play for Cuba Committee, the group was later suspected to be an intelligence  cover  designed to further the pursuits of the anti-Castro movement. This something which fell in line with the  rabidly anti-Communist,  CIA-linked Ferrie, a person with a sordid past and lengthy history of sexual abuse from his time in priesthood as well as aeronautics.It was later publicly acknowledged that Ferrie first met Oswald while instructing a small squadron at Moisant Airport from June to September 1955. This contradicted Ferrie, who denied knowing Oswald after the Kennedy assassination. The 15-year-old Oswald joined Ferrie s squadron on July 27, 1955.  COLLABORATORS?    The Lee Harvey Oswald and David Ferrie seen together with a flight squad at Moisant Airport. (Image source: meandlee)NATO s paramilitary-style stay-behind-armies are stated to have been comprised the CIA-linked Operation GLADIO. The origins of GLADIO have been well documented and the secretive counterintelligence operation has been linked to a wave of right-wing  false flag  terror attacks across Europe throughout the 1950 s into the 1980 s. The anti-communist organizational designs were directly connected to that of the CIA and MI6 in particular, with the US and British special forces reportedly facilitating the training.QUESTION: Did Permindex/CMC, along with NATO intelligence, also play a part in facilitating the efforts of Operation GLADIO?When you consider the time frame of  Stay Behind  operations already in existence since 1952, it seems likely that the CIA would make use of its various front organizations to supply the means to produce such covert operations. This is further bolstered by the fact that in 1956, the same year Permindex became operational in Switzerland, Prime Minister of Hungary Ferenc Nagy, who is documented to have been a CIA asset, had gone to Germany and Switzerland on the heels of the apparently CIA influenced Hungarian Revolution. It s worth noting that Nagy was also said to have served on the board of directors at Permindex.According to noted writer and researcher Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, a former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy under Ronald Reagan s administration, JFK was unaware of the CIA-NATO terror related activities of Operation GLADIO. Here s a passage from that report by Roberts below: President John F. Kennedy had experienced in the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Chairman Lyman Lemnitzer a high level of insubordination. Lemnitzer showed in White House meetings contempt for the president. When Lemnitzer brought Kennedy the Northwoods Project to shoot down American citizens in the streets of America and to blow American airliners out of the sky in order to place the blame on Castro so that the US could invade and achieve  regime change,  a popular term of the George W. Bush regime, in Cuba, President Kennedy removed Lemnitzer as chairman and sent him to Europe as head of NATO.Kennedy did not know about Operation Gladio, an assassination program in Europe run by NATO and the CIA. Communists were blamed for Operation Gladio s bombings of civilians in train stations in order to erode communist political influence, especially in Italy. Thus, Kennedy s way of getting rid of Lemnitzer put Lemnitzer in charge of this program and gave Lemnitzer a way to get rid of John Kennedy. The article also provides a plausible explanation for the assassination of JFK s brother Robert after he won the Democratic party primary in California in June of 1968. It appears according to Roberts, that RFK might have known about the assassins interwoven into the fabric of the intelligence-crime syndicate shaped and organized by military-linked men, those in high level security operations and those connected to the mafia that played a role in JFK s death. Roberts suggests that RFK was seeking higher office to potentially hold those involved accountable for their crimes against America and his brother, the 35th president of the United States.From this, we can view global operations like GLADIO in addition to the post-9/11  War On Terror  security surge as a form of  power politics  used to aggressively influence the foreign policy of other nations through the use of covert militarization.Lets take a look at some of the records related to the latest CIA and FBI releases in 2017 worth examining in one of the most notorious crimes of the 20th century Below is a screen capture of one CIA document that discussed a dinner sponsored by Oren Fenton Potito, an individual listed as a President of the Eastern Synod of Christian Identity and an organizer of the National States  Rights Party (NSRP), who also happened to be a member of the Klu Klux Klan (KKK). In the now declassified document, Potito acknowledged an association between Lee Harvey Oswald and a man identified as Ruby, formally Rubenstein, otherwise known Jack Ruby. Interestingly, both Oswald and Ruby had ties to the Marcello crime family.Another revelation in the memo below added to already existing expert testimony concerning the probability of multiple shooters on November 22nd, 1963 It s worth noting that both NSRP and the KKK were both heavily infiltrated by the FBI s COINTELPRO program, a counter-intelligence program that was specifically designed to influence, disrupt, coerce and discredit political factions from the inside out. The secretive FBI program infiltrated both left and right-wing political groups across America from 1956-1971. Moreover, the controversial program influenced, radicalized and neutralized political dissidents through the use of divisive tactics such as Bad-Jacketing, a technique which manufactured false evidence, fear and rumors regarding various activists. Since NSRP and the KKK were FBI infiltrated groups, it is much more likely that anyone associated with Potito would have already been well-known to authorities.In essence, the document pictured above provides more evidence that Oswald was in reality a known wolf   one who is still without a clear motive in the crime of which he was accused.In October of 2017, another controversial nugget in the JFK files was a memo written by FBI Director Hoover after Oswald was shot by Ruby. The memo revealed that the head of FBI was concerned that the bureau needed to  convince  the public that Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy assassination. A portion of Hoover s memo read The thing I am concerned about, and so is Mr. Katzenbach, is having something issued so we can convince the public that Oswald is the real assassin. Other intriguing aspects included in the recent releases concerned the informant status of Dallas police officer J.D Tippit and his alleged involvement in the Kennedy assassination as a trigger man. According to the official narrative Tippit was shot by Oswald 45 minutes after Kennedy s homicide, but the newly circulated memo states that Tippit met with Oswald and Ruby at a nightclub a week prior to the shooting.An additional memo released suggested that the UK s Cambridge News received a warning call 25 minutes prior to JFK s death. This information was written in a memo by then FBI Deputy Director James Angleton to Hoover. However, since this story was made public in late October, Cambridge News has denied  that the tip-off ever occurred. Other JFK file details suggest a US plan to create a false flag scenario using Soviet planes to carry out attacks.In Summary There s been a host of characters and Deep State actors that have an uncanny connection surrounding a swirling conspiracy in JFK s death and this article covers only a fraction of the overwhelming intelligence backdrop associated with the case, not to mention the highly suspicious forensic elements involved in the shooting itself. While varying theories in the JFK murder plot have implicated everyone from the CIA to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), to lurking spymasters, crime bosses and oil barons to pro-Castro Cubans, to Cuban exiles and trade executives   one thing is clear, due to its own compromising alliances, elements within the US government deliberately stonewalled convincing and credible information prudent to the American people regarding the now mythic case.Moreover, the symbolic nature of JFK s violent end, along with the establishment s masking of Oswald s intelligence links to high-ranking officials and other syndicate members perpetually forces the American to people to relive the ritualistic trauma of that dark November day on a time loop without any true resolution.The further one digs into America s seedy underworld of organized crime, intelligence operations, unlikely coincidences and covert relationships concerning the mysterious plot to kill Kennedy, a highly intricate web of activity emerges that points to a compelling case beyond almost any other modern-day conspiracy.*** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesREAD MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21930,COLLUSION FUSION: DOJ Official’s CIA Wife Was Hired to ‘Research’ Trump,"21st Century Wire says More evidence of collusion has surfaced this week  just not the kind mainstream media has been incessantly reporting for months.Zero Hedge is reporting that Glenn Simpson, co-founder of Fusion GPS, admitted in a court filing this week that his firm paid Nellie Ohr, wife of U.S. Department of Justice official Bruce Ohr, to help dig up dirt in 2016 on then presidential candidate Donald Trump.Mr. Ohr was demoted from his senior post at the DOJ as associate deputy attorney general after it was revealed he met with Simpson and Christopher Steele, a retired British intelligence officer who assembled the now infamous Trump-Russia  dodgy dossier. Read more at Zero Hedge, including details about the DNC s law firm Perkins Coie READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RussiaGate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21931,Mueller Team Uniform? ‘Democratic Donkey Jerseys’ and ‘I’m With Hillary T-Shirts’ says Congressman,"Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appeared before the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee on Wednesday, amid new questions about Anti-Trump text messages sent by FBI employees assigned to special counsel Robert Mueller s Russia investigation. Rosenstein testified that Mueller is running his office  appropriately  and without bias.In a colorful exchange between Congressman Steve Chabot (R-OH) and Rosenstein, Chabot asked the Deputy AG: How with a straight face, can you say that this group of Democrat partisans are unbiased, and will give President Trump a fair shake? After a brief stammer, Rosenstein replied that political affiliation and the issue of bias are different things, and that we should trust the experience Mueller and the Justice Department have in managing investigation teams, adding: We recognize that we have employees with political opinions, and it s our responsibility to make sure those opinions do not influence their actions. To which Chabot argued how can anyone possibly reach that conclusion: I was at first encouraged. It seemed like a serious matter and deserved a serious investigation. And I assumed, as many of us did, that Mr. Mueller would pull together an unbiased team. But, rather than wearing stripes as umpires and referees might wear, I would submit that the Mueller team overwhelmingly, uh, oughta be attired with Democratic donkeys on their jerseys or  I m with Hillary  t-shirts, certainly not with  Let s Make America Great Again and I think that s a shame. Because I think the American people deserve a lot better than the very biased team they re getting under Robert Mueller. And I think it s really sad. Things get awkwardly amusing at the 50 minute mark WATCH: READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RussiaGate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21932,Palestinian Protesters Attack US Embassy in Lebanon,"The US Embassy in Lebanon went on lock-down today after demonstrators gathered outside on Sunday morning, as Pro-Palestinian protesters showed their outrage over U.S. President Donald Trump s provocative decision to recognize illegally occupied Jerusalem as the Zionist entity s capital city. Evetns turned violent after protesters hurled projectiles at police, and also set fires to makeshift barricades erected on the street in front of the US Embassy secure compound, located north of Beirut, Lebanon.Protesters also reportedly burned US, Israeli flags and an effigy of US President Donald Trump.Later, angry protestors manged to pull down a portion of the front metal gates to the US Embassy.Lebanese security forces deployed tear gas and water cannons to try and repel angry mobs.Reuters reports: Late on Saturday Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.The government of Lebanon, which hosts about 450,000 Palestinian refugees, has condemned Trump s decision. Lebanese President Michel Aoun last week called the move a threat to regional stability.The powerful Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah on Thursday said it backed calls for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel in response to the U.S. decision.Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also called for a protest against the decision in the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut on Monday. STAY TUNED FOR UPDATESREAD MORE PALESTINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Palestine FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21933,"Charlie Manson, Serial Killers, LSD, Hippie Culture, Cults and Bitcoin Explosion – Boiler Room EP #138","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast,  and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE contributor) and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty eighth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a barstool discussion about Charlie Manson, serial killers, LSD, Hippie culture, Cults, Dave McGowan and the Bitcoin value skyrocketing at the end of 2017.Direct Download Episode #138 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21934,"Trump Team Didn’t Just Collude with Israel, Kushner was Acting as Foreign Agent for Tel Aviv","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireMuch was made this week in the US media about Michael Flynn s recent guilty plea to making false statements to the FBI, as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller s never-ending  Russia probe.  Beyond the political window dressing however, there s a much bigger and more profound story lingering in the background. Although court documents show Flynn has admitted to giving false statements in reference to his  reaching out  to Russia s ambassador to the US, Sergey Kislyak   the mere act of initiating contact with any foreign official is neither illegal nor is it a violation of ethics. Putting the current Red Scare aside, this would normally be viewed as standard statecraft for members of any incoming US administration. Even if Flynn had promised the Russian Ambassador, as claimed this week by Resistance leader Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, that a Trump government would  rip-up sanctions,  such a promise by Flynn would not be unlawful. Anyone can make a promise, we should point out here that neither Flynn, nor Donald Trump would be in any position to make good on such a promise without the blessing of the US Congress and Senate. Just look at what happened when Trump took office. Were any sanctions lifted?That said, after 18 months of fabricating fake news about Russian hacking, Russian meddling and Russian collusion, it s not surprising that the New York Times would get the Flynn story wrong too, and on an even bigger scale than many of their past made-up stories about Trump scandals. Here we have yet another hand-wringing Resistance writer, Harry Litman, claiming that Flynn s testimony will go down in history next to Watergate and Iran-Contra: The repercussions of the plea will be months in the making, but it s not an exaggeration to say that the events to which Mr. Flynn has agreed to testify will take their place in the history books alongside the Watergate and Iran-contra scandals. He might be right, if only the media coverage and the federal hearing would focus on the correct country with whom the Trump team was colluding, which unfortunately was not Russia. Funny how partisan writer Litman did not even mention the word Israel once in his report. Perhaps this is why certain persons in Washington like Adam Schiff, Chuck Schumer, John McCain and others, along with their corrupt media counterparts like CNN, the Washington Post and the New York Times have been incessantly pushing their fictional  Russia did it  narrative for the last 18 months   because Russiagate serves as a convenient overlay for Israelgate.Mehdi Hassan from The Intercept writes:  Why aren t more members of Congress or the media discussing the Trump transition team s pretty brazen collusion with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to undermine both U.S. government policy and international law? Shouldn t that be treated as a major scandal? Thanks to Mueller s ongoing investigation, we now know that prior to President Donald Trump s inauguration, members of his inner circle went to bat on behalf of Israel, and specifically on behalf of illegal Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories, behind the scenes and in opposition to official U.S. foreign policy. That s the kind of collusion with a foreign state that has gotten a lot of attention with respect to the Kremlin   but colluding with Israel seems to be of far less interest, strangely. Yes, you heard that right. This was at minimum collusion with Israel. But it goes much deeper than that. If this story is accurate, and we have every reason to believe it is (especially by the large silence in the American media, usually a positive indication of media avoidance), this would indicate that the then President-elect s close advisor and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was clearly acting as a foreign agent   on behalf of the state of Israel. The fact the US media are not taking this story more seriously should serve as a reminder as to how much power the Israeli Lobby wields in the US, not just over politicians, but over mainstream media as well. Granted, this is a very serious charge   which comes with some serious consequences if Kushner would ever be indicted, but the facts clearly demonstrate beyond any reasonable doubt, that then President-elect s son-in-law was using his proximity to the incoming Commander and Chief to execute a series of highly sensitive foreign policy maneuvers at the request of a foreign country.The history of Israeli spying and outright meddling in US affairs is no secret to anyone willing to research it (unofficially a forbidden topic in US mainstream media), but this latest episode with Trump and Kushner is even more disturbing considering this week s controversial East Jerusalem announcement (21WIRE warned about an East Jerusalem provocation 12 months ago).Beyond this, many will argue that the radical fundamentalist Zionist agenda which Kushner is aggressively pursuing on behalf of Tel Aviv is not in the interest of the wider Middle East, nor is it good for America s European partners, and may even contribute to a further destablization of the region   as evidenced by recent violence which has erupted following Trump s provocative move. The result is not necessarily in America s interests, even if it is certainly in Israel s interests.Author Mehdi Hassan continues:Here s what we learned last week when Mueller s team unveiled its plea deal with Trump s former national security adviser, retired Gen. Michael Flynn. In December 2016, the United Nations Security Council was debating a draft resolution that condemned Israeli settlement expansion in the occupied territories as a  flagrant violation under international law  that was  dangerously imperiling the viability  of an independent Palestinian state.The Obama administration had made it clear that the U.S. was planning to abstain on the resolution, while noting that  the settlements have no legal validity  and observing how  the settlement problem has gotten so much worse that it is now putting at risk the   two-state solution.  (Rhetorically, at least, U.S. opposition to Israeli settlements has been a long-standing and bipartisan position for decades: Ronald Reagan called for  a real settlement freeze  in 1982 while George H.W. Bush tried to curb Israeli settlement-building plans by briefly cutting off U.S. loan guarantees to the Jewish state in 1991.)Everyone expected that the upcoming UN vote on illegal Israeli settlements was going to be a divisive issue, but with only weeks before Trump s fast approaching inauguration, Israel had its trojan horse in position. Hassan goes on to explain Tel Aviv s covert mechanism for manipulating the UN vote: On or about December 22, 2016, a very senior member of the Presidential Transition Team directed Flynn to contact officials from foreign governments, including Russia, to learn where each government stood on the resolution and to influence those governments to delay the vote or defeat the resolution,  reads the statement of offense against Flynn, who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.  On or about December 22, 2016, Flynn contacted the Russian Ambassador about the pending vote. Flynn informed the Russian Ambassador about the incoming administration s opposition to the resolution, and requested that Russia vote against or delay the resolution. BFFs: Donald Trump talks to his chief foreign policy advisor, Israeli president Benjamin Netanyahu.So who was this very senior member of Trump s team who sought to execute orders from the office of Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu? Hassan explains:Who was the  very senior member  of the transition team who  directed  Flynn to do all this? Multiple news outlets have confirmed that it was Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law and main point man on the Middle East peace process.  Jared called Flynn and told him you need to get on the phone to every member of the Security Council and tell them to delay the vote,  a Trump transition official revealed to BuzzFeed News on Friday, adding that Kushner told Flynn  this was a top priority for the president. According to BuzzFeed:  After hanging up, Flynn told the entire room [at the Trump transition team HQ] that they d have to start pushing to lobby against the U.N. vote, saying  the president wants this done ASAP.  Flynn s guilty plea, BuzzFeed continued, revealed  for the first time how Trump transition officials solicited Russia s help to head off the UN vote and undermine the Obama administration s policy on Middle East peace before ever setting foot in the White House. Even during the height of the Neocon era, with multiple Israeli loyalists in the cabinet (including some dual passport holders) shaping White House Middle East policy   ultimately into a ditch with Iraq, the level of manipulation wasn t this overt. Trump s decision to reverse successive US administrations  new policy on East Jerusalem is inconceivable, if not for some other x-factor which the PNAC-dominated George W. Bush could not even manage.The facts of the case against Kushner have not been contested, and in fact Kushner has even been gloating out on the speaking circuit, with his doting wife Ivanka proudly advertizing her husband s  accomplishment  on behalf Israel.My husband, Jared Kushner, had a great conversation on the Middle East with Haim Saban today at the Saban Forum. #Saban17https://t.co/BUbGfd1YNr  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) December 4, 2017 None of this has been contested. In fact, on Sunday, Kushner made a rare public appearance at the Saban Forum in Washington, D.C., to discuss the Trump administration s plans for the Middle East and was welcomed by the forum s sponsor, the Israeli-American billionaire Haim Saban, who said he  personally wanted to thank  Kushner for  taking steps to try and get the United Nations Security Council to not go along with what ended up being an abstention by the U.S.  Kushner s response? The first son-in-law smiled, nodded, and mouthed  thank you  to Saban.Meanwhile, the Israelis have been pretty forthcoming about their own role in all of this, too. On Monday, Ron Dermer, Israel s ambassador to the U.S. and a close friend and ally of Netanyahu, told Politico s Susan Glasser that, in December 2016,  obviously we reached out to [the Trump transition team] in the hope that they would help us,  and  we were hopeful that they would speak  to other governments  in order to prevent this vote from happening. Got that? The Trump transition team   in the form of key Trump advisers Kushner and Flynn   reached out to the Russian government in order to undermine the U.S. government because the Israeli government asked them to. According to these reports, Kushner was using his position in the transition team to act on Israel s behalf   outside of any governmental framework of accountability. If Flynn inadvertently found himself in a Russian trap, it was because Israel and its in-house operative demanded it.If Flynn is guilty of anything, it would be going along with Kushner s Israel First scheme ahead of the United Nations vote. What is odd though, is why the entire US mainstream media is not interested in this part of the story. Even the Never Trump  Resistance  seem to be afraid of taking this narrative on. I guess even the Resistance has its limits. Rather than go for a case where the evidence is sitting right there on a silver salver, instead they will go for the Russian conspiracy theory. Alas, old habits die hard.SEE ALSO: The Genealogy of Trump s U-Turn on PalestineThis series of events is all the more pertinent when considering this week s announcement by President Trump that the US is to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and will be moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to East Jerusalem. Many are already calling this  the kiss of death  to the Israel-Palestine peace process. In a predictable succession of events, the Jerusalem provocation was a fait accompli after Trump had announced in October that the US would be withdrawing from support for UNESCO, the UN body which is meant to help maintain the neutrality of Jerusalem as an internationally protected area. The Trump administration justified its resignation from the key UN agency on the grounds that it is  biased against Israel.  But the neutrality of Jerusalem is an essential policy for maintaining peace in a less than ideal situation with Palestine still under a brutal military occupation by an illegitimate and illegal (by international law and successive UN Resolutions) Israeli jackboot.In addition to all this, this past summer the United States announced the establishment of a permanent military installation inside of Israel. What s scary is how many people do not know this has happened.So Trump s  minence grise, the wunderkind, who some people have called the President In-Law, is really Israel s man inside the White House.Landed on his feet:  President In-law  Jared Kushner.So what exactly are Jared Kushner s credentials in international relations and diplomacy that he has been charged with negotiating Middle East affairs for the United States of America? Without sounding too cruel here, it s difficult to find anything to say in his defense. In the end, his only visible qualification is that he s married to the President s daughter, and that s he s  a good friend  of Netanyahu. That s really it.Credit where credit s due though. Aside from marrying into the dynasty, Kushner is also the former owner of a mediocre website, The New York Observer, and has also managed to parlay his family status to help finance a number of high-profile New York City property deals with foreign buyers (no doubt with the help of his father-in-law).Isn t that what Kushner is doing right now   using his inherited clout to help  close friend  Benjamin Netanyahu broker property deals (highly illegal by international law) in the Middle East, only this time with his Uncle Sam acting as the guarantor? It certainly looks that way. The question is, will anyone in the US do anything about it?When this latest episode of hubris by the White House and Israel eventually unravels, the public and the media might then turn on Kushner and Trump, but by then the damage will have already been done.Meanwhile, men like Jake Tapper and Wolf Blitzer will still be chasing those illusive Russian hackers clear into the 2020 election cycle, which is probably a stupid move for the Resistance, but if the last 18 months have taught us anything it s that there isn t much clear thinking going on in that corner of the galaxy.Until then, Netanyahu can feel safe in the knowledge that Israel, not Washington, is currently in control of US foreign policy.One final note to the brave Never-Trump Resistance: if a foreign state actor is blackmailing this President or the White House, it s probably not Russia.*** Author Patrick Henningsen is an American writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire, and is host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR). He has written for a number of international publications and has done extensive on-the-ground reporting of the conflict Syria, Iraq and the Middle East.READ MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21935,CIA’s Pompeo: ‘Assange Shouldn’t Be Confident of Protecting WikiLeaks Sources’,"CIA appointed head Mike Pompeo is now ready to disregard basic press freedoms enshrined in the US Constitution.As the press speculate this week over the imminent exit of Mike Pompeo from Langley to Foggy Bottom, Donald Trump s outgoing CIA head appears to be determined to do as much damage as possible to the US Constitution.This latest reckless power-grab by the CIA is not just about  getting Wikileaks    this is about requiring all media outlets to divulge their sources in the interests of  national security. DCIA Pompeo: WikiLeaks may think they are protecting those who provide them with classified information & other secrets, but they should not be certain of that.#RNDF  CIA (@CIA) December 3, 2017RT International reports CIA Director Mike Pompeo said he won t tolerate secrets purloined by the CIA being stolen from the agency, and warned WikiLeaks to be more careful about protecting its sources.The CIA s official Twitter account tweeted Pompeo s comments about the whistleblowing site from an interview he gave at the Reagan National Defense Forum Saturday.Stealing Secrets I never miss an opportunity when I m with my officers to tell them the last thing we can tolerate is to have a secret that we ve stole re-stolen,  Pompeo told moderator Brett Baier at the Los Angeles event.READ MORE: WikiLeaks publishes #Vault7:  Entire hacking capacity of the CIA It is simply unacceptable. It is our duty to protect them,  he added.  It is our duty to go after those who stole them, and to prosecute them within the bounds of the law in every way that we can. Mike Pompeo leads the Deep State crusade to destroy Assange and Wikileaks.Pompeo s comments come nine months after WikiLeaks began releasing Vault7, a massive trove of classified CIA documents purportedly detailing the agency s hacking capabilities. The documents include reports of the agency s arsenal of malware and tech exploits, as well as its methods of infiltrating smartphones, TVs and laptops.The CIA is believed to have lost control of this arsenal before WikiLeaks obtained it. The hacking capabilities were doing the rounds among government hackers, one of whom provided WikiLeaks with the collection, the whistleblowing site explained. According to WikiLeaks, the Vault7 source wanted to  initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons. Some of the biggest revelations in Vault7 were the CIA s ability to mask its hacking exploits to make them appear to be the work of other countries, namely Russia, China and Iran. It has raised questions about security firm Crowdstrike linking the Democratic National Committee email hack to Russian hackers.READ MORE: #Vault7: WikiLeaks reveals  Marble  tool could mask CIA hacks with Russian, Chinese, ArabicWikileaks Sources  I sometimes hear comments from WikiLeaks and Mr Assange thinking that those who have provided him classified information are safe and secure,  Pompeo said.  He ought to be a bit less confident about that, because we re going to go figure out how to protect this information. We owe it to the American people and our officers who dedicated to it. Just to be clear, WikiLeaks is a national security threat in your eyes?  Baier asked Pompeo.  Yes. You can go no further than the release of documents by [Chelsea] Manning to see the risk that it presents to the United States of America,  the CIA chief responded.Pompeo was referring to US Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning, who released hundreds of thousands of documents from the military along with diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks in 2010.While the release revealed the extent of civilian casualties in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and included reports from Guantanamo Bay and the infamous Collateral Murder video depicting a US helicopter attack killing two Reuters employees and injuring two children, a 2011 Department of Defense report published in June found the disclosure had no significant effect on US interests.Pompeo has emerged as a staunch critic of WikiLeaks since becoming head of the CIA, describing the organization as a  hostile intelligence agency,  and dubbing Assange a  narcissist  and a  fraud. This is a departure from his position when he was a Kansas congressman and was tweeting about the WikiLeaks  DNC email release.Tweet sent by CIA Director Mike Pompeo on 24 July 2016 https://t.co/sTMHw2nvOG pic.twitter.com/Qd0mYRl5QF  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 13, 2017The annual RNDF event has been dubbed  the Davos of defense.  Speakers at this year s event include former CIA head Leon Panetta, national security advisor HR McMaster and a number of congressmen and representatives from defense corporations like Lockheed Martin. 21st Century Wire says: Based on his views during the election, and now his views as CIA director   it seems that Mike Pompeo is a hypocrite who loved Wikileaks when it served his own political interests, but now would like to destroy it to protect the interests of the Deep State.SEE MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21936,ABC News Suspend Anchor Brian Ross Over Fake News Report on Trump-Flynn ‘Russian Collusion’,"After 18 months of rampant speculation over Trump and  Russian collusion  and alleged  Russian hacking  in the 2016 election, in a cloud of non-stop, 24/7 fake news being generated by CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, Washington Post, New York Times, LA Times, as well as notorious MSM fake news outsourcing agencies like The Daily Beast   the Never Trump Resistance has yet to present a single item of evidence to justify their year and a half-long political witch hunt.In this sea of delusion, there are still a number of desperate media persons who are willing to punt on a contrived plot or narrative   hoping that theirs will be  the one  to finally nail the embattled President on grounds for impeachment beyond a reasonable doubt. Already a number of mainstream journalists, including three reporters from CNN, have been fired or let go as networks are now fear legal repercussions from their new normalized practice of lying and inventing plots about the White House and  Russian meddling. This week saw another high-profile casualty, ABC s Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross, as the  resistance  continues to launch blind media attacks on the President.On Saturday, ABC News executives announced that star anchor Ross would be suspended for one month without pay over an alleged  botched   exclusive  implicating former national security adviser Michael Flynn.Clueless: ABC s Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross.During Ross s live  special report , an invented story-line was fed to a clueless Ross which claimed that Flynn would testify that Donald Trump had  ordered him  to make contact with Russians about foreign policy   while Trump was still a candidate in the general election.According to FOX News, the fake news report  raised the specter of Trump s impeachment and sent the stock market plummeting. Later in the day, ABC issued a  clarification  to Ross s report, saying that Trump s alleged directive came after he d been elected president. Ross himself appeared on  World News Tonight,  several hours after the initial report, to clarify his error.Afterwards, ABC News tried to justify the fake news release, claiming that Ross  report  had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process. Clearly, Ross took one for the team (The Resistance) here, as anyone who works in media will know. He would have been fed the bogus report by news producers, before doing what mainstream media news anchors do everyday of their careers   unwittingly reading whatever words are scrolling down his teleprompter.ABC News statement went on to try and gloss over their fake news report saying,  It is vital we get the story right and retain the trust we have built with our audience. News officials then sounded even more ridiculous as they scrambled to pave-over their propaganda practices claiming that,  These are our core principles. We fell far short of that yesterday. What s clear from this story is that when it comes to all things Trump and Russia, the US mainstream media feel they are within their right to dispense with all normal journalistic standards so long as the story falls in line with a specific political agenda.Unfortunately, this is just one more reason to always be cautious when trusting watching mainstream media reporting of any any major news event.READ MORE ABOUT MAINSTREAM FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21937,US Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid and Genocidal History," Table set for thanksgiving in Siem Reap. (Photo: Andre Vltchek)Andre Vltchek NEOA table was set up for two, an advertisement table, a table with a photo of a giant turkey, two elegant plates, and a U.S. flag sticking out into the air. Thanksgiving at Angkor Royal Cafe , a flier read. And:  23rd November  Join us for a traditional Thanksgiving Feast .This was at one of the international hotels in Siem Reap, a Cambodian city near the world architectural treasures of Angkor Wat and the ancient Khmer capital, Angkor Thom.The same day I read an email sent to me from the United States, by my Native American friends, with a link to an essay published by MPN News, called  Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid History . It began with a summary: While millions of Americans prepare this week to get into the holiday spirit, beginning with Thanksgiving, how many are prepared to view the day through an accurate lens? While to many Americans the holiday serves as a reminder to give thanks, it is seen as a day of mourning by countless of others. The truth is: European migrants brutally murdered Native Americans, stole their land, and continue to do so today . The day became an official day of festivities in 1637, to celebrate the massacre of over 700 people from the Pequot Tribe.In a hotel, I approached a cheerful French food and beverage manager and asked him whether he was aware of what he was suggesting should be celebrated in one of his restaurants? Oh I know I know,  he replied, laughing.  It is a little bit controversial, isn t it? Bit controversial?  I wondered.  It appears more like you are inviting people to celebrate genocide, a holocaust, with free flowing wine and a giant turkey. I am trying to see things positively,  he continued grinning at me. Then he summarized:  So I guess you won t be joining us tonight? What a pity What a pity,  I thought,  what a pity.  I won t get to eat that famous American pie tonight and turkey and who knows what else, just because I am not eager at all to celebrate the massacres and land grabs perpetrated by the Empire.The manager couldn t help asking:  Where are you from? I knew he would ask. No European would say what I was saying. I m Russian,  I replied. Oh I see,  he gave me that  I should have guessed smile . Russian-American,  I added.I m convinced that the French manager has been sincerely oblivious about what I was stating. He is supposed to be oblivious. There are, after all,  our genocides , and  the genocides of the others .  Our genocides , those that we triggered or committed, should never be discussed. Or more precisely, it is extremely impolite to discuss them. Most of the people don t even know about them, including many of the victims. On the other hand, the genocides committed by the others, particularly by adversaries of the West, are widely discussed, publicized, analyzed, inflated and very often even fabricated (All this described in detail in my 840-page book  Exposing Lies Of The Empire ).Cambodia is the textbook case of the latter. Here, several decades ago, the U.S. and its allies first supported the hopelessly corrupt and brutal government in Phnom Penh, while triggering a monstrous carpet-bombing campaign of the Cambodian countryside, mainly near the border with Vietnam. This was supposed to prevent the country from  going Communist , or at least  Ho Chi Minh style Communist . Hundreds of thousands of villagers were murdered by the bombing. Millions were forced to hit the road, leaving their dwellings, as the countryside was converted into a giant minefield, covered by unexploded ordnance.Further hundreds of thousands died from starvation and diseases. Furious, mad from suffering, the people of Cambodia rose against the collaborators with the West in Phnom Penh. Pol Pot and his Khmer Rouge took the capital virtually unopposed. Recently, deep in the jungle, I spoke to the former Pol Pot s personal guards. I asked them point-blank whether they knew anything about Communism.  Nothing at all,  I was told.  The U.S. was murdering our families, for no reason. Corrupt elites were selling the country to the West. We were all outraged, and ready for revenge. We would follow anybody calling for revenge.  However, the West is passing the events, to this day, as a  Communist genocide .Rwanda is yet another  case  of a twisted narrative. I made an entire full-length documentary film   Rwanda Gambit   on the subject. There, the West turned the history upside down, reducing the entire tragedy into a primitive and easy-to-digest narrative of bad Hutus killing good Tutsis. Yet even the former U.S. ambassador Robert Flatten told me that his country groomed, armed and supported the deadly RPF, mainly Tutsi army, which had been, before 1994, raiding the Rwandan countryside from neighboring Uganda, burning villages and killing civilians.While a former Australian lawyer and U.N. investigator, Michael Hourigan, supplied me with information about the downing of the plane, which, in April 1994, killed both the Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundian President Cyprien Ntaryamira, while on the final approach to Kigali airport. The orders to shoot down the plane were given by the RPF leader Paul Kagame, who was in turn sponsored by the West. This event triggered the terrible bloodletting on 1994. The next year, in 1995, the Rwandan army entered the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and participated in the killing of at least 9 million people, mainly civilians, on behalf of Western governments and multi-national companies, making it the worst crime against humanity in recent history.In fact, almost all the major genocides committed by the West or its allies in modern history, are  silent ones , including those in Iraq, Syria, Iran, West Papua, East Timor, DRC, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Angola, and dozens of other unfortunate places all over the world.The gruesome genocides committed by the West all over the world, during the last 2,000 but especially during the last 500 years, are never defined as such; never as  genocides . Throughout history, European countries have been destroying, systematically, most of the cultures on all continents of the Planet, enslaving virtually all the non-white nations, plundering and looting its colonies (read: almost all the non-white nations of the world), while exterminating hundreds of millions of men, women and children. The death toll has been rising, accumulating, to near 1 billion, according to the testimony of one of my friends, a senior U.N. statistician.I will return to the  Cambodian story  soon, on the pages of this magazine. And I will be returning, again and again, to the genocides committed by Europe and North America, virtually everywhere. Unless the history is understood and acknowledged, the world has no future, and there can be no solutions to the terrible problems that our humanity is facing.But for now, let me conclude this brief essay by saying that I did not participate in the consumption of turkey and American pies on Thanksgiving holiday, in the Cambodian city of Seam Reap.My thoughts went to those 700 people from the Pequot Tribe who rebelled, stood firm and died for freedom, almost 400 years ago. These were some of the first fighters against Western imperialism. These were the  Americans  that I admire, this is America that had been terribly damaged but not yet completely destroyed. No overly sugary, sentimental and empty words could fully choke its essence, as no gluttony and food orgies could ever fully silence the screams of the pain of those who died in the hands of the European invaders, during and after the conquest of what has been so cynically christened as the  New World .***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21938,"Digisexual Robot Pimps, Swamp Chess, Hollywood & DC Cannibalism: Boiler Room EP #137","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast,  Fvnk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE hosts, DJs & contributors) and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a fireside-chat regarding the latest grinding of gears in the political, social (engineering) and media machines.Direct Download Episode #137 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21939,U.S. State Dept. Spox: ‘Everybody wants Assad out five years ago’,"21st Century Wire says At Tuesday s U.S. State Department briefing, spokesperson Heather Nauert, once again, displayed her servitude to Washington s geopolitical agenda in Syria.Watch as Nauert, in an overly assuming and flippant style, proclaims how  everybody in this room and in this building wants Assad out five years ago  in her exchange with NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell. The sheer audacity begins at the 39 minute mark. This is all just more scripted servitude from U.S. State Department talking heads on the topic of Syria   as Washington s war plan there continues to crumble. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21940,Facebook’s New ‘Proactive’ AI to Scan Posts for Suicidal Thoughts,"21st Century Wire says Facebook is rolling out its latest artificial intelligence bot with the hope that the software will save lives, according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg. The social media juggernaut will use a special algorithm to flag posts that fit a certain pattern, then route them to a human being that can escalate early intervention.The idea of  proactive detection  can be a slippery slope. What else are these Facebook bots flagging, and who else is mining that information?Read more at TechCrunch READ MORE AI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire AI FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21941,Repeat Deceit: How US Tries to Link Iran to Al Qaeda,"When it comes to interpreting current events, no one does official conspiracy theories like the Unite States.For years, Washington has tried to promulgate a propaganda campaign which tries to somehow link al Qaeda to Iran, or ISIS to Iran. For the mentally-challenged members of the right-wing media in the US, this isn t a massive feat, as a large segment of that audience cannot even locate Iran on a global map. There is also the issue of US warhawks like Lindsey Graham and John McCain being proven pathological liars   who will say anything regardless of whether it s based in actual fact. All of this contributes to a number of shallow, creative narratives which continuously circulate between FOX News, The Atlantic Magazine, Tel Aviv, Riyadh and the US Senate.And just like the US and UK mainstream media s coverage of Syria, the deep throat  source  in this dossier is  al Qaeda.This latest chapter in the US fantasy world of Iranian intrigue attempts to further the Israeli-favoured mythology, blaming Iran for all of the region s woes. Make no mistake: the American neoconservative wing and their Israeli benefactors are determined to invent new conditions for war with Iran  IMAGE: Bush s  al Qaeda No.2 Guy  Abu Musab al ZarqawiGareth Porter The American Conservative For many years, major U.S. institutions ranging from the Pentagon to the 9/11 Commission have been pushing the line that Iran secretly cooperated with Al Qaeda both before and after the 9/11 terror attacks. But the evidence for those claims remained either secret or sketchy, and always highly questionable.In early November, however, the mainstream media claimed to have its  smoking gun    a CIA document written by an unidentified Al Qaeda official and released in conjunction with 47,000 never-before-seen documents seized from Osama bin Laden s house in Abbottabad, Pakistan.The Associated Press reported that the Al Qaeda document  appears to bolster U.S. claims that Iran supported the extremist network leading up to the September 11 terror attacks.  The Wall Street Journal said the document  provides new insights into Al Qaeda s relationship with Iran, suggesting a pragmatic alliance that emerged out of shared hatred of the United States and Saudi Arabia. NBC News wrote that the document reveals that,  at various points in the relationship   Iran offered Al Qaeda help in the form of  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon in exchange for striking American interests in the Gulf,  implying that Al Qaeda had declined the offer.Former Obama National Security Council spokesman Ned Price, writing for The Atlantic, went even further, asserting that the document includes an account of  a deal with Iranian authorities to host and train Saudi-Al Qaeda members as long as they have agreed to plot against their common enemy, American interests in the Gulf region. But none of those media reports were based on any careful reading of the document s contents. The 19-page Arabic-language document, which was translated in full for The American Conservative, doesn t support the media narrative of new evidence of Iran-Al Qaeda cooperation, either before or after 9/11, at all.It provides no evidence whatsoever of tangible Iranian assistance to Al Qaeda. On the contrary, it confirms previous evidence that Iranian authorities quickly rounded up those Al Qaeda operatives living in the country when they were able to track them down, and held them in isolation to prevent any further contact with Al Qaeda units outside Iran.Taken by SurpriseWhat it shows is that the Al Qaeda operatives were led to believe Iran was friendly to their cause and were quite taken by surprise when their people were arrested in two waves in late 2002. It suggests that Iran had played them, gaining the fighters  trust while maximizing intelligence regarding Al Qaeda s presence in Iran.Nevertheless, this account, which appears to have been written by a mid-level Al Qaeda cadre in 2007, appears to bolster an internal Al Qaeda narrative that the terror group rejected Iranian blandishments and were wary of what they saw as untrustworthiness on the part of the Iranians. The author asserts the Iranians offered Saudi Al Qaeda members who had entered the country  money and arms, anything they need, and training with Hezbollah in exchange for hitting American interests in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf. But there is no word about whether any Iranian arms or money were ever actually given to Al Qaeda fighters. And the author acknowledges that the Saudis in question were among those who had been deported during sweeping arrests, casting doubt over whether there was ever any deal in the offing.The author suggests Al Qaeda rejected Iranian assistance on principle. We don t need them,  he insisted.  Thanks to God, we can do without them, and nothing can come from them but evil. That theme is obviously important to maintaining organizational identity and morale. But later in the document, the author expresses deep bitterness about what they obviously felt was Iranian double-dealing in 2002 to 2003. They are ready to play-act,  he writes of the Iranians.  Their religion is lies and keeping quiet. And usually they show what is contrary to what is in their mind  . It is hereditary with them, deep in their character. The author recalls that Al Qaeda operatives were ordered to move to Iran in March 2002, three months after they had left Afghanistan for Waziristan or elsewhere in Pakistan (the document, by the way, says nothing of any activity in Iran before 9/11). He acknowledges that most of his cadres entered Iran illegally, although some of them obtained visas from the Iranian consulate in Karachi.Among the latter was Abu Hafs al Mauritani, an Islamic scholar who was ordered by the leadership shura in Pakistan to seek Iranian permission for Al Qaeda fighters and families to pass through Iran or to stay there for an extended period. He was accompanied by middle- and lower-ranking cadres, including some who worked for Abu Musab al Zarqawi. The account clearly suggests that Zarqawi himself had remained in hiding after entering Iran illegally.Strict ConditionsAbu Hafs al Mauratani did reach an understanding with Iran, according to the Al Qaeda account, but it had nothing to do with providing arms or money. It was a deal that allowed them to remain for some period or to pass through the country, but only on the condition that they observe very strict security conditions: no meetings, no use of cell phones, no movements that would attract attention. The account attributes those restrictions to Iranian fears of U.S. retribution   which was undoubtedly part of the motivation. But it is clear Iran viewed Al Qaeda as an extremist Salafist security threat to itself as well.Most of the Al Qaeda visitors, according to the Al Qaeda document, settled in Zahedan, the capital of Sistan and Baluchistan Province where the majority of the population are Sunnis and speak Baluchi. They generally violated the security restrictions imposed by the Iranians. They established links with the Baluchis   who he notes were also Salafists   and began holding meetings. Some of them even made direct contact by phone with Salafist militants in Chechnya, where a conflict was rapidly spiraling out of control. Saif al-Adel, one of the leading Al Qaeda figures in Iran at the time, later revealed that the Al Qaeda fighting contingent under Abu Musab al Zarqawi s command immediately began reorganizing to return to Afghanistan.Waves of ArrestsThe first Iranian campaign to round up Al Qaeda personnel, which the author of the documents says was focused on Zahedan, came in May or June 2002   no more than three months after they have had entered Iran. Those arrested were either jailed or deported to their home countries. The Saudi Foreign Minister praised Iran in August for having transferred 16 Al Qaeda suspects to the Saudi government in June.In February 2003, Iranian security launched a new wave of arrests. This time they captured three major groups of Al Qaeda operatives in Tehran and Mashad, including Zarqawi and other top leaders in the country, according to the document. Saif al Adel later revealed in a post on a pro-Al Qaeda website in 2005 (reported in the Saudi-owned newspaper Asharq al-Awsat), that the Iranians had succeeded in capturing 80 percent of the group associated with Zarqawi, and that it had  caused the failure of 75 percent of our plan. The anonymous author writes that the initial Iran policy was to deport those arrested and that Zarqawi was allowed to go to Iraq (where he plotted attacks on Shia and coalition forces until his death in 2006). But then, he says, the policy suddenly changed and the Iranians stopped deportations, instead opting to keep the Al Qaeda senior leadership in custody presumably as bargaining chips. Yes, Iran deported 225 Al Qaeda suspects to other countries, including Saudi Arabia, in 2003. But the Al Qaeda leaders were held in Iran, not as bargaining chips, but under tight security to prevent them from communicating with the Al Qaeda networks elsewhere in the region, which Bush administration officials eventually acknowledged.After the arrests and imprisonment of senior al Qaeda figures, the Al Qaeda leadership became increasingly angry at Iran. In November 2008, unknown gunmen abducted an Iran consular official in Peshawar, Pakistan, and in July 2013, al Qaeda operatives in Yemen kidnapped an Iranian diplomat. In March 2015, Iran reportedly released five of the senior al Qaeda in prison, including Said al-Adel, in return for the release of the diplomat in Yemen.In a document taken from the Abbottabad compound and published by West Point s Counter-Terrorism Center in 2012, a senior Al Qaeda official wrote, We believe that our efforts, which included escalating a political and media campaign, the threats we made, the kidnapping of their friend the commercial counselor in the Iranian Consulate in Peshawar, and other reasons that scared them based on what they saw (we are capable of), to be among the reasons that led them to expedite (the release of these prisoners). There was a time when Iran did view Al Qaeda as an ally. It was during and immediately after the war of the mujahedin against Soviet troops in Afghanistan. That, of course, was the period when the CIA was backing bin Laden s efforts as well. But after the Taliban seized power in Kabul in 1996   and especially after Taliban troops killed 11 Iranian diplomats in Mazar-i-Sharif in 1998   the Iranian view of Al Qaeda changed fundamentally. Since then, Iran has clearly regarded it as an extreme sectarian terrorist organization and its sworn enemy. What has not changed is the determination of the U.S. national security state and the supporters of Israel to maintain the myth of an enduring Iranian support for Al Qaeda.Gareth Porter is an independent journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. This article originally appeared at The American Conservative.READ MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran NewsSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21942,"Meredith Corp. and Koch Money Buys Time Inc., ‘Left’ Goes Bonkers","21st Century Wire says News broke Sunday night that Meredith Corp., publisher of Better Homes & Gardens and other popular magazine brands, agreed to purchase all of Time Inc. s assets in a cash deal valued at $2.8 billion.Grabbing all the headlines is the $650 million investment from Koch Equity Development (KED). This is the private equity firm of Charles and David Koch, aka the  Koch Brothers. According to the company s official press release, KED will not have a seat on Meredith s board and  will have no influence on Meredith s editorial or managerial operations. Zero Hedge reports the deal gives  the conservative billionaires a stake in one of America s best-known publishers.  And that is what is giving the  Left  mainstream media nightmares and creating widespread panic and hysteria on social media:Great. The Koch brothers are about to be co-owners of TIME, Inc. How long til TIME, People and Sports Illustrated are pushing stories about how much better life would be if we canceled Social Security and Medicare?  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) November 27, 2017It remains to be seen how the editorial of these publications will be affected by Koch money. When the news broke in 2013 that Amazon.com founder and Bilderberg member Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post, we started asking some questions at the time. We re starting to see how it will play out.What we do know thus far about the Meredith/Time news   all the crazed paranoia around this deal exposes, yet again, how the mainstream, corporate power media likes to think their version of mass media is so influential. At the same time, discounting the ability of everyday citizens to think for themselves, and not be spoon fed whatever gets pushed out through the echo chambers of many of these failing and lost print magazine empires.Let s not forget it was Time Magazine that started selling ad space on their covers shortly after they were spun off from Time Warner back in 2014.We thought this story by Bloomberg   Rothschild s Koch Connection Pays Off in Pursuit of Time Inc.    was an interesting angle.Watch this space READ MORE MEDIA CRITIQUE AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21943,Thanksgiving Day Fake News Turkey Shoot: Boiler Room – Special Holiday Event,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Fvnk$oul, Randy J, Patrick Henningsen, Infidel Pharaoh and Andy Nowicki for this special Thanksgiving holiday episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, get your ears on and enjoy some holiday festivities with the Boiler Room on ACR.*WARNING*   This special episode may contain, satire, comedy and ridiculous un-news events inspired by both the mainstream media and the  so-called  alternative media. Any similarities to actual persons or events is probably a big poke in the eye to a really lame media outlet  or maybe just a coincidence. Enjoy the show!Direct Download: Boiler Room Thanksgiving Day Fake News Turkey Shoot Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21944,DIGITAL TYRANNY: Google Will Make ‘Those Kinds of Sites’ Harder to Find,"21st Century Wire says This has been an ongoing project of the search giant, long in the making, and already underway. In fact, this website, 21stCenturyWire.com, has felt the impact of its content being  disappeared  in Google s search results   resulting in a drop of over 50% in our organic search query traffic since April.It s  those kinds of sites  like RT, Sputnik, 21WIRE and many others that are targets in the grand plan, as outlined here by Robert Parry of Consortium News: YOU DON T NEED A HUGE AMOUNT OF IMAGINATION  TO SEE HOW THIS COMBINATION OF MAINSTREAM  GROUPTHINK AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD  CREATE AN ORWELLIAN FUTURE IN WHICH ONLY ONE  SIDE OF A STORY GETS TOLD AND THE OTHER SIDE  SIMPLY DISAPPEARS FROM VIEW. RTGoogle will  de-rank  RT articles to make them harder to find   Eric SchmidtEric Schmidt, the Executive Chairman of Google s parent company Alphabet, says the company will  engineer  specific algorithms for RT and Sputnik to make their articles less prominent on the search engine s news delivery services. We are working on detecting and de-ranking those kinds of sites   it s basically RT and Sputnik, Schmidt said during a Q & A session at the Halifax International Security Forum in Canada on Saturday, when asked about whether Google facilitates Russian propaganda. We are well of aware of it, and we are trying to engineer the systems to prevent that [the content being delivered to wide audiences]. But we don t want to ban the sites   that s not how we operate. The discussion focused on the company s popular Google News service, which clusters the news by stories, then ranks the various media outlets depending on their reach, article length and veracity, and Google Alerts, which proactively informs subscribers of new publications.RT has criticized the proposed move   whose timescale has not been publicized   as arbitrary and a form of censorship.Good to have Google on record as defying all logic and reason: facts aren t allowed if they come from RT,  because Russia    even if we have Google on Congressional record saying they ve found no manipulation of their platform or policy violations by RT, Sputnik and RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan said in a statement.During the discussion, Schmidt claimed that he was very strongly not in favor of censorship, but said that he has faith in ranking without acknowledging if the system might serve the same function. Schmidt, who joined Google in 2001, said that the company s algorithm was capable of detecting repetitive, exploitative, false, and weaponized info, but did not elaborate on how these qualities were determined.The Alphabet chief, who has been referred to by Hillary Clinton as a longtime friend, added that the experience of the last year showed that audiences could not be trusted to distinguish fake and real news for themselves.Continue this story at RT READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21945,Exposing the Shakespearean tragedy of the “Russia Hacking” hoax,Sunday Wire host Patrick Henningsen delivers another blow to the  Resistance  exposing the Shakespearean tragedy of the  Russia Hacking  hoax and explains why Hillary Rodham Clinton might have very well been one of the worse presidential candidates in US history   as well as why it s wrong for US federal government to brand RT America as a  foreign agent.  Enjoy the rant READ MORE RUSSIA-GATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia-Gate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV,0
21946,History Lesson: America’s Renegade Warfare,"Nicolas J S Davies Consortium NewsSeventy-seven million people in North and South Korea find themselves directly in the line of fire from the threat of a Second Korean War. The rest of the world is recoiling in horror from the scale of civilian casualties such a war would cause and the unthinkable prospect that either side might actually use nuclear weapons.Since the first Korean War killed at least 20 percent of North Korea s population and left the country in ruins, the U.S. has repeatedly failed to follow through on diplomacy to establish a lasting peace in Korea and has instead kept reverting to illegal and terrifying threats of war. Most significantly, the U.S. has waged a relentless propaganda campaign to discount North Korea s legitimate defense concerns as it confronts the threat of a U.S. war machine that has only grown more dangerous since the last time it destroyed North Korea.The North has lived under this threat for 65 years and has watched Iraq and Libya destroyed after they gave up their nuclear weapons programs. When North Korea discovered a U.S. plan for a Second Korean War on South Korea s military computer network in September 2016, its leaders quite rationally concluded that a viable nuclear deterrent is the only way to guarantee their country s safety.What does it say about the role the U.S. is playing in the world that the only way North Korea s leaders believe they can keep their own people safe is to develop weapons that could kill millions of Americans?The Changing Face of WarThe Second World War was the deadliest war ever fought, with at least 75 million people killed, about five times as many as in the First World War. When the slaughter ended in 1945, world leaders signed the United Nations Charter to try to ensure that that scale of mass killing and destruction would never happen again. The U.N. Charter is still in force, and it explicitly prohibits the threat or use of military force by any nation.It was not just the scale of the slaughter that shocked the world s leaders into that brief moment of sanity in 1945. It was also the identities of the dead. Two-thirds of the people killed in the Second World War were civilians, a drastic change from the First World War, only a few decades earlier, when an estimated 86 percent of the people killed were uniformed combatants. The use of nuclear weapons by the United States raised the specter that future wars could kill an exponentially greater numbers of civilians, or even end human civilization altogether.War had become  total war,  no longer fought only on battlefields between soldiers, but between entire societies with ordinary people, their homes and their lives now on the front line. In the Second World War: Fleets of warplanes deliberately bombed cities to dehouse civilian populations, as British officials described their own bombing of Germany. As I write this,  George Orwell wrote from London in 1941,  Highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me. Submarines sank hundreds of merchant ships in an effort to starve their enemies into submission. General Carter Clarke, who was in charge of interpreting Japanese intelligence for President Truman, said in a 1959 interview that Japan surrendered because it faced mass starvation due to the sinking of its merchant shipping, not because of the gratuitous U.S. nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It was estimated that 7 million more civilians would die of starvation if Japan fought on until 1946. Genocidal mass extermination campaigns killed civilians based only on their political affiliation or ethnicity. Under cross-examination by a young American prosecutor, Benjamin Ferencz, SS Gruppenfuhrer Dr. Otto Ohlendorf explained patiently to a courtroom in Nuremberg why he found it necessary for the  preemptive defense  of Germany to order the killing of hundreds of thousands of civilians. He explained that even children had to be killed to prevent them too becoming enemies of Germany when they grew up and found out what happened to their parents.Despite the U.N. Charter and international efforts to prevent war, people in countries afflicted by war today still face the kind of total war that horrified world leaders in 1945. The main victims of total war in our  modern  world have been civilians in countries far removed from the safe havens of power and privilege where their fates are debated and decided: Yugoslavia; Afghanistan; Iraq; Somalia; Pakistan; Yemen; Libya; Syria; Ukraine. There has been no legal or political accountability for the mass destruction of their cities, their homes or their lives. Total war has not been prevented, or even punished, just externalized.But thanks to billions of dollars invested in military propaganda and public relations and the corrupt nature of for-profit media systems, citizens of the countries responsible for the killing of millions of their fellow human beings live in near-total ignorance of the mass killing carried out in their name in these  red zones  around the world.People in ever-spreading war zones are living under the very conditions of total war that the world recoiled from at the end of the Second World War. Like Orwell in London in 1941, they hear highly civilized human beings flying overhead trying to kill them, human beings who know nothing about them beyond the name of the city where they live and its strategic value in wars that offer them, the victims, nothing but death or destitution.In the case of drones, the human beings trying to kill them from the other side of the world are so highly civilized that they can hop into cars and drive home to have dinner with their families at the end of their shifts, while another  team member  efficiently takes over the  joy-stick  and carries on killing.People in Yemen, Syria, Iraq and Libya have been subjected to hunger and starvation under sieges and naval blockades that are as brutally effective as German and American submarines were in World War Two. Millions of people in Yemen face an imminent danger of starvation under the U.S.-backed naval blockade and Saudi and Emirati bombing of Yemeni ports.In retaliation for one missile fired at Riyadh, the Saudi capital, last week, the U.S.-backed coalition completely closed all Yemen s ports, tightening the blockade on millions of starving people. The requirements of necessity and proportionality, which have been basic principles of customary international law since the Nineteenth Century, lie buried in the graveyards of Iraq and Afghanistan.Continue this article at Consortium News READ MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21947,"Digital Tabloids, Narco-memes & The League of Shadows: Boiler Room EP #136","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Randy J, Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a fireside-chat regarding the latest grinding of gears in the political, social (engineering) and media machines.Direct Download Episode #136 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21948,"TEXAS CHURCH SHOOTER: Years Before ‘Soft Target’ Attack, Gunman Tried to Carry Out Death Threats on CIA Linked Air Force Base","Shawn Helton 21st Century Wire The gunman named in a mass shooting that was said to have killed 26 people at a small church outside of San Antonio was convicted by the military several years before the tragic attack in 2012. This past week new information concerning the apparent First Baptist Church gunman 26-year-old Devin Patrick Kelley, revealed that the previously convicted Air Force airman was already well-known to authorities via his  bad conduct discharge  from the military in 2012. The recent acknowledgement in Kelley s case history, coupled with his unusually relaxed plea bargain deal, has only prompted more questions from those concerned about the most recent high-profile mass shooting in America.According to officials, the Sutherland Springs shooting at the First Baptist Church may have been caused by a domestic dispute involving Kelley and his ex-mother-in-law Michelle Shields. However, it turns out that Shields was not present at church services on the morning of the mass shooting, although her mother was named as one of the victims.A more precise motive in the deadly Sutherland Springs massacre has yet to be uncovered by authorities   TEXAS CHURCH SHOOTING    8 years after the Fort Hood mass shooting, the First Baptist Church attack raises big questions. Its also worth noting, the recent church shooting echoes a scene in the 2015 Hollywood film Kingsman: The Secret Service. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The Texas Church ShooterWhile many in media have focused on the military s inability to log Devin Patrick Kelley s domestic violence court-martial case into a federal database, a police report from 2012 revealed that the gunman named in the First Baptist Church shooting had been previously caught attempting to sneak firearms onto a CIA linked military base in New Mexico where he was stationed. The El Paso police report concluded that after Kelley escaped the mental health facility believed to be Peak Behavioral Health Services Center in Santa Teresa, he sought to carry out death threats against his superiors at New Mexico s Holloman Air Force base.A CBS Affiliate from Dallas further explained the church shooter s lengthy criminal background: The information was contained in a police incident report after Devin Patrick Kelley briefly escaped in June, 2012 from a mental health facility in New Mexico where he had been committed. KPRC television in Houston first reported about the escape. Police in El Paso, Texas, where Kelley was caught after the escape, said in the report that an official of the mental health facility told them that Kelley  was a danger to himself and others. The report says that Kelley had already been caught sneaking firearms onto Holloman Air Force base. It also says that he  was attempting to carry out death threats that (Kelley) had made on his military chain of command. Moreover, a FOX News report just days ago revealed additional information concerning Kelley s violent threats at Holloman Air Force base: Former Air Force Staff Sgt. Jessika Edwards told The New York Times that Kelley would shake with rage and vow to kill his superiors when he was assigned menial tasks as punishment for poor performance. At one point, Edwards told the Times, she warned others in the squadron to go easy on Kelley, believing he was likely to come back and  shoot up the place. Rather strangely, former Air Force Staff Sgt. Edwards still kept in close contact with the criminally convicted and discharged logistical readiness airman, stating that he asked her to be a job reference in 2015. Shortly there after, Kelley allegedly became obsessed with the polarizing case involving Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof.  CHURCH SHOOTER    What is the real motive in the First Baptist Church shooting? (Image Source: nbcwashington)The shocking claims of death threats prior to the Sutherland Springs church shooting taking place raises questions not only about the criminally convicted shooter Kelley, who was accused of a slew of abusive behavior but also the military s handling of the gunman s well-known history of violence from a prosecutorial standpoint.QUESTION: How did Kelley manage to get such a relaxed sentence considering he had several other major charges dropped   including an additional incident where he allegedly pointed a loaded firearm at his wife?Furthermore, as the public and media are still bewildered over Kelley s ability to legally purchase guns following his 2012 military conviction due to his prior violent abuse, information concerning his alleged plot to kill military superiors has been completely underreported and by the looks of it, may have even gone unpunished.According to official reports, Kelley was sentenced to a year s confinement, reducing rank from an airman first-class (A1C) to airman basic. Additionally, after being convicted of crimes by a military court in 2012, he received a  bad conduct discharge  following an apparent plea deal.The NY Times added the following details regarding the military court case: Prosecutors withdrew several other charges as part of their plea agreement with Mr. Kelley, including allegations that he repeatedly pointed a loaded gun at his wife.He was ultimately sentenced in November that year to 12 months  confinement and reduction to the lowest possible rank. His final duty title was  prisoner. QUESTION: Did Kelley s plea agreement also include the exclusion of charges concerning his alleged death threat plot against military superiors at the CIA linked Holloman Air Force base?Moreover, if that wasn t a part of the plea, how was Kelley not dishonorably discharged due to the severity of charges he faced from military superiors?Although we ve been told this latest  soft target  shooting spree on American soil was carried out by yet another lone gunman, there have also been questions raised concerning a shooter allegedly firing from the roof top down on to church parishioners below.Watch and listen to shooting survivor Rosanne Solis, as she recounts what she witnessed during the First Baptist Church shooting . QUESTION: Is it also possible that Solis saw multiple shooters at the First Baptist Church? If not, how did Kelley swiftly move from the roof top location to ground level in a matter of a few minutes, assuming the account told by Solis is true?The Sutherland Springs mass shooting, along with other high-profile  active shooter  incidents this year and year s past   have once again predictably sparked socio-political hot button issues concerning gun reform, background checks, mental illness and SSRI prescription drugs. This is something that has prompted critics to consider that there might be even more to the story.Below is a CNN video report discussing the lengthy criminal background of the First Baptist Church gunman. Note the strong emphasis in this report regarding Kelley s access to weaponry rather than a deeper analysis over how he received such a relaxed military conviction Drills, Dupes & Informants?A day after the suspicious San Bernardino shooting in 2015, San Antonio s nonprofit Alamo Community Group began practicing active shooter scenarios with employees. San Antonio is only 35 miles from where the Sutherland Springs mass shooting took place and a city that has been rigorously training for mass casualty scenarios for the last five years, holding active shooter drills with approximately one hundred officers a week over at least the last couple of years. Here s a passage from an ABC affiliate in San Antonio on the matter: Though it [the training] is simulated for active shooting scenarios, the training could easily be applied to many other mass casualty situations as well. In past two years, about 4,000 people have been involved in San Antonio s new rescue task force training program. As 21 WIRE has documented over the years, many so-called shooting/terror/attacks involve individuals being monitored by security services prior to an alleged act taking place. A place where a  lone wolf  graduates into the ranks of a known wolf. Although the military wasn t officially keeping Kelley under watch, his case profile does exhibit potential signs of a possible informant status due to the litany of charges he managed to avoid through a cushy plea deal with the military. Historically, government operators have often made use of low-life criminals, and mentally disturbed individuals to fulfill various roles in entrapment stings or sometimes as bona fide solo actors  in an actual attacks.  Links between security agencies, military facilities and alleged attackers with a criminal history should arouse suspicion if they become connected to any future crimes.In January of 2015, a strategic security service think-tank known as The Soufan Group, reported that a larger national security threat resides with those who ve had a lengthy criminal background with known ties to security agencies: The Soufan Group, a New York think tank, said a better term for  lone wolves  would be  known wolves , given how many are already known to Western intelligence agencies before they strike. These individuals, acting alone or in small groups   have been on the radar of various agencies and organisations, highlighting the difficulty of effectively monitoring and managing people at the nexus of criminality and terrorism,  it said in a report this week Domestically in America, it has been well documented that the FBI created a counter-intelligence program known as COINTELPRO (similar in scope to the CIA s Operation CHAOS), not only as a way to influence, but also a way to disrupt and coerce both left and right-wing political factions from the inside out. The FBI program infiltrated countless groups and movements across the political spectrum.Over the past several years, the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots. Following one of America s most deadly mass shootings at the Orlando Pulse nightclub, reports revealed that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE had previously uncovered the suspicious nature of the cartoon/shooting event in Garland when it occurred.In 2015, another strange informant case/FBI sting attempted to persuade a group into attacking the Humphrey Scottish Rite Masonic Center in Milwaukee.QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any or intelligence agency played some part in the Sutherland Springs church shooting   whether inadvertently or otherwise?FBI informants have reportedly played a  central role  in over 50% of all domestic terror cases in the United States since 2009. According to reports, informants might earn up to $100,000 per case, as they are meant to  build relationships with persons of interest. While the Sutherland Springs shooting is not considered a terror case, it does fit the profile of possible soft target scenarios outlined by the FBI.Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on many  known wolf  actors and other suspicious intelligence informant cases:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here)  Samy Mohamed Hamzeh (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here) Sayfullo Saipov (see his story here)According to pastor Frank Pomeroy, who was out-of-town at the time of the shooting with his wife Sherri, the hundred member First Baptist Church, is slated to be demolished sometime soon. However, prior to the demolition, the site will become a temporary memorial and the building will be  scrubbed down and whitewashed,  as white chairs will be placed inside to remember those who died.There are still a number of questions following the Sutherland Springs mass shooting tragedy *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work by Subscribing and become a Member @21WIRE.TV",0
21949,"Facebook Federal Spy Agency, DC Swamp Chess, Bathroom Cams & Tranny Electorate: Boiler Room EP #135","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the hundred and thirty fifth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is running a round table discussion on school systems putting cameras in bathrooms in the US and the EU, Facebook as an extension of the federal intelligence apparatus, silicone valley insiders admit social media was designed to exploit inherent vulnerabilities in human beings to get them addicted to their applications, the selective silencing of dissenting voices in social media, the NY bike path  terror attack  from a non-conspiratorial VLOGer, the Texas church shooting near San Antonio and the first Transexual elected to political office.Direct Download Episode #135 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21950,Was Gaddafi Right About JFK?,The late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi remarked before his death about what he believed was an overriding reason for the assassination of American President John F. Kennedy in 1963. His conclusion as shocking as it was orphic. Watch this video montage which recounts some of the key moments and evidentiary points in what remains one of the biggest unsolved political mysteries in modern history.. READ MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV,0
21951,"Smart Cities, Androids, Technocracy, Kevin Spacey, Corey Feldman: Boiler Room EP #134","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One.) Randy J & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR & 21Wire Contributors) for the hundred and thirty fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is going over a flood of strange media as we witness the slippery downward spiraling slope of the deviant trans-humanist hopefuls, the degenerate culture crushing neo-leftists, the discredited main stream media, the Sodom and Gomorrah known as Hollywood and a crumbling politicization of engineered events.Direct Download Episode #134 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21952,NEW YORK KNOWN WOLF: Halloween Truck Attacker Known to DHS Prior to ‘Act of Terror’,"Shawn Helton  21st Century WireYears before allegedly carrying out a truck rampage on Halloween, the man named in New York s most recent  act of terror  was already well-known to the United States Department of Homeland Security. This latest supposedly homegrown  ISIS-inspired  attack produces yet another  known wolf  with ties to suspected terrorists as well as authorities. According to officials, 29 year-old Sayfullo Saipov, the man charged in a deadly Manhattan vehicular assault on October 31st, was previously questioned over suspected ties to terrorism in 2015 by the US Department of Homeland Security. Saipov reportedly became a permanent legal resident upon arriving in the US on a diversity lottery visa in 2010. Since that time, the suspected terrorist moved from Ohio, Florida, and most recently to New Jersey, where he was interviewed by DHS in 2015.As media attention on this case is focused on immigration laws, terror propaganda and security protocols   America s latest terror tragedy reveals much more below the surface   KNOWN WOLF    There s a distinct pattern with acts of terror committed on Western soil. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Another American  Known Wolf Suspected terrorist Sayfullo (Habibullaevic) Saipov, who bounced across America, committed only minor traffic violations before his alleged involvement in the New York truck attack.Over the past 24 hours, the suspected truck attacker Saipov, was said to have driven a Home Depot rental truck from New Jersey to the Manhattan area, where it is believed he deliberately targeted pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path alongside the Hudson River according to police reports. Shortly after the vehicular attack authorities state that Siapov brandished a pellet gun and paintball gun prior to being shot by NYPD and taken into custody. All told, at least eight people were said to have been killed, while nearly a dozen others were injured in the high-profile terror incident.Reports state that Saipov became radicalized in America, allegedly taking ques from ISIS terror propaganda. However, Saipov, originally from Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, was supposedly from a modest and secular family that did not go to mosques, making this yet another suspicious terror-related case that paints a murky portrait on the way towards extremism.  SUSPECT    The alleged New York truck attacker was apparently a registered driver for popular car services Uber and Lyft. (Image Source: twitter)Rather intriguingly, in a published report at ABC News we re told Saipov, had been the subject of a deeper counter-terror investigation back in 2015: Sayfullo Saipov, who has been charged with killing eight people in a vehicle attack on the West Side of Manhattan on Tuesday, was interviewed in 2015 by federal agents about possible ties to suspected terrorists but a case was never opened against him, law enforcement officials tell ABC News. Continuing, the article outlined the following: Saipov was listed as a  point of contact  for two men who were listed in a Department of Homeland Security counterterrorism database and later overstayed their tourist visas, a federal official told ABC News. One was flagged after arriving from a so-called  threat country,  while the other vanished and was being actively sought by federal agents as a  suspected terrorist. Incredibly, in less than 24 hours after the deadly vehicular assault in New York, FBI authorities have located the suspected terrorist who supposedly vanished from the gaze of authorities said to be linked to Saipov.Today FBI investigators released an alert regarding 32 year-old Mukhammadzoir Kadirov, a person of interest, who authorities also believe is linked to the recent attack.CNN reported the following background information regarding Siapov:In a recently published report from the NY Times, elements of a recent FBI probe into a suspected terror cell charged in Brooklyn over the past two years was revealed: Over the last two years, a terrorism investigation by the F.B.I., the Department of Homeland Security, the New York Police Department and federal prosecutors in Brooklyn resulted in charges against five men from Uzbekistan and one from Kazakhstan of providing material support to ISIS. Several of the men have pleaded guilty. It is unclear whether Mr. Saipov was connected with that investigation. QUESTION: Will the FBI eventually reveal that Saipov and Kadirov were on their radar prior to the New York truck attack? Only time will tell This latest act of terror in America may well prove to be similar in scope to many other  known wolf  cases in recent history, as readers might recall the alleged New York bombing suspect 28 year-old Ahmad Khan Rahami, had been known to the FBI for years prior to supposedly carrying out plots in New York and New Jersey in the fall of 2016.According to The Washington Post, the FBI had already known Rahami since 2014, which only added to the strongly suspicious event: The FBI s probe into Ahmad Khan Rahami, the 28-year-old named as the only suspect in the bombings, was launched based on comments his father had made. An official said his father later recanted his comments. Agents conducted interviews, checked with other agencies and looked at internal databases,  none of which revealed ties to terrorism,  the bureau said in a statement.   DARK DAYS    The crime scene of the recent New York truck attack. (Image Source: twitter)HAND IN HAND: Terror & Security QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any intelligence agency played some part in the latest New York City attack plot   whether inadvertently or otherwise?In the search for answers regarding the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies that have come into question, there s none perhaps more dubious than the FBI s Newburgh sting operation that resulted in the entrapment four men who participated in a fabricated event created by the bureau.Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how a FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Following the 1993 WTC bombing, the FBI was revealed to have been  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the bomb plot.QUESTION: Will authorities reveal that Siapov may have also had ties to informants or other known wolves?Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on  known wolf  actors involved in many attacks on Western soil. Take a look below at an updated version that includes other suspicious intelligence informant and terror cases that have held that distinction over the years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here)Since 9/11, the city of New York has dedicated a massive amount of resources to anti-terror training, with a police department larger than the standing armies of 84 countries. It is a city that has done more than any other American city as far as terror readiness yet, it continues to be plagued by a series of plots and attacks over the last 16 years.Following America s previous most deadly mass shooting in Orlando were reports revealing that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE previously uncovered suspicious elements regarding the cartoon event in Garland when the attack occurred.QUESTION: How is it that federal agencies continue to let known wolves slip through the cracks?As we ve stated before, mass media injects their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of any  tragic  event. Appearing to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of hateful rhetoric, social media declarations and random writings as an ironclad motive for a crime. The aftermath in the recent terror case of New York is no different, as it has already rapidly descended into a barrage of politically motivated theorizing.The story of a Uzbekistan truck attacker also recalls the the suspicious terror case involving the Turkish nightclub shooting at the start of the year on New Year s Eve.To unravel future cases, it s important to keep a watchful eye on any links to past plots 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work by Subscribing and become a Member @21WIRE.TV",0
21953,Man Yells ‘CNN is Fake News!’ During Live NYC Broadcast,"21st Century Wire says It s no wonder that when the CNN news crew ventures out from beyond their cozy, Orwellian studio construct these moments of public ridicule and disdain tend to happen.The media interloper in the video frame was attempting to disrupt CNN s live broadcast from the streets of Lower Manhattan, near the scene of Tuesday s deadly truck attack.The street panel included CNN host Anderson Cooper and guest Michael Weiss, one of the network s terrorism  experts  and global regime change mascots. He s also a recent nominee of the 2017 Horace Greeley Award for Best Fake News Journalist.CNN can t seem to get it together when they go on-location for these breaking news stories, and it usually ends up looking bad for them time and again.WATCH: READ MORE ABOUT CNN FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21954,Hillary Clinton Ponders Halloween Costume,"21st Century Wire says It s Halloween   and Hillary Clinton is getting asked what she will wear for a Halloween costume. There s plenty of scary to go around, but the recently defeated Democratic presidential candidate offered one idea that would send shivers down the spines of many on All Hallows  Eve: I think I will maybe come as the president! The spooky quip gained laughter and applause in Chicago Monday night   at an event where attendees paid cash to find out  What Happened  to her candidacy in the 2016 election.We think this cartoon wins all the candy corns:Happy Halloween from 21WIRE READ MORE HALLOWEEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Halloween FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21955,Robert Parry: Sorting Out the Russia Mess,"Consortium News Exclusive: The U.S. mainstream media finally has its  smoking gun  on Russia-gate   incriminating information from a junior Trump campaign adviser   but a closer look reveals serious problems with the  evidence,  writes Robert Parry.By Robert ParryRussia-gate special prosecutor Robert Mueller has turned up the heat on President Trump with the indictment of Trump s former campaign manager for unrelated financial crimes and the disclosure of a guilty plea from a low-level foreign policy adviser for lying to the FBI.While longtime Republican fixer Paul Manafort, who helped guide Trump s campaign to the GOP nomination in summer 2016, was the big name in the news on Monday, the mainstream media focused more on court documents related to George Papadopoulos, a 30-year-old campaign aide who claims to have heard about Russia possessing Hillary Clinton s emails before they became public on the Internet, mostly via WikiLeaks.While that would seem to bolster the Russia-gate narrative   that Russian intelligence  hacked  Democratic emails and President Vladimir Putin ordered the emails be made public to undermine Clinton s campaign   the evidentiary thread that runs through Papadopoulos s account remains tenuous.That s in part because his credibility has already been undermined by his guilty plea for lying to the FBI and by the fact that he now has a motive to provide something the prosecutors might want in exchange for leniency. Plus, there is the hearsay and contested quality of Papadopoulos s supposed information, some of which already has turned out to be false.According to the court documents, Papadopoulos got to know a professor of international relations who claimed to have  substantial connections with Russian government officials,  with the professor identified in press reports as Joseph Mifsud, a little-known academic associated with the University of Stirling in Scotland.The first contact supposedly occurred in mid-March 2016 in Italy, with a second meeting in London on March 24 when the professor purportedly introduced Papadopoulos to a Russian woman whom the young campaign aide believed to be Putin s niece, an assertion that Mueller s investigators determined wasn t true.Trump, who then was under pressure for not having a foreign policy team, included Papadopoulos as part of a list drawn up to fill that gap, and Papadopoulos participated in a campaign meeting on March 31 in Washington at which he suggested a meeting between Trump and Putin, a prospect that other senior aides reportedly slapped down.The  Email  BreakfastBut Papadopoulos continued his outreach to Russia, according to the court documents, which depict the most explosive meeting as an April 26 breakfast in London with the professor (Mifsud) supposedly saying he had been in Moscow and  learned that the Russians had obtained  dirt  on then-candidate Clinton  and possessed  thousands of emails.  Mainstream press accounts concluded that Mifsud must have been referring to the later-released emails.However, Mifsud told The Washington Post in an email last August that he had  absolutely no contact with the Russian government  and described his ties to Russia as strictly in academic fields.In an interview with the U.K. Daily Telegraph after Monday s disclosures, Mifsud acknowledged meeting with Papadopoulos but disputed the contents of the conversations as cited in the court papers. Specifically, he denied knowing anything about emails containing  dirt  on Clinton and called the claim that he introduced Papadopoulos to a  female Russian national  as a  laughingstock. According to the Telegraph interview, Mifsud said he tried to put Papadopoulos in touch with experts on the European Union and introduced him to the director of a Russian think tank, the Russian International Affairs Council.It was the latter contact that the court papers presumably referred to in saying that on May 4, the Russian contact with ties to the foreign ministry wrote to Papadopoulos and Mifsud, reporting that ministry officials were  open for cooperation,  a message that Papadopoulos forwarded to a senior campaign official, asking whether the contacts were  something we want to move forward with. However, even an article in The New York Times, which has aggressively pushed the Russia-gate  scandal  from the beginning, noted the evidentiary holes that followed from that point.The Times  Scott Shane wrote:  A crucial detail is still missing: Whether and when Mr. Papadopoulos told senior Trump campaign officials about Russia s possession of hacked emails. And it appears that the young aide s quest for a deeper connection with Russian officials, while he aggressively pursued it, led nowhere. Shane added,  the court documents describe in detail how Mr. Papadopoulos continued to report to senior campaign officials on his efforts to arrange meetings with Russian officials,   the documents do not say explicitly whether, and to whom, he passed on his most explosive discovery   that the Russians had what they considered compromising emails on Mr. Trump s opponent. J.D. Gordon, a former Pentagon official who worked for the Trump campaign as a national security adviser and helped arrange the March 31 foreign policy meeting, said he had known nothing about Mr. Papadopoulos  discovery that Russia had obtained Democratic emails or of his prolonged pursuit of meetings with Russians. Reasons to DoubtIf prosecutor Mueller had direct evidence that Papadopoulos had informed the Trump campaign about the Clinton emails, you would assume that the proof would have been included in Monday s disclosures. Further, since Papadopoulos was flooding the campaign with news about his Russian outreach, you might have expected that he would say something about how helpful the Russians had been in publicizing the Democratic emails.The absence of supporting evidence that Papadopoulos conveyed his hot news on the emails to campaign officials and Mifsud s insistence that he knew nothing about the emails would normally raise serious questions about Papadopoulos s credibility on this most crucial point.At least for now, those gaps represent major holes in the storyline. But Official Washington has been so desperate for  proof  about the alleged Russian  election meddling  for so long, that professional skepticism has been unwelcome in most media outlets.There is also another side of the story that rarely gets mentioned in the U.S. mainstream media: that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has repeatedly denied that he received the two batches of purloined Democratic emails   one about the Democratic National Committee and one about Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta   from the Russians. While it is surely possible that the Russians might have used cutouts to pass on the emails, Assange and associates have suggested that at least the DNC emails came from a disgruntled insider.Also, former U.S. intelligence experts have questioned whether at least one batch of disclosed emails could have come from an overseas  hack  because the rapid download speed is more typical of copying files locally onto a memory stick or thumb drive.What I was told by an intelligence source several months ago was that Russian intelligence did engage in hacking efforts to uncover sensitive information, much as U.S. and other nations  intelligence services do, and that Democratic targets were included in the Russian effort.But the source said the more perplexing question was whether the Kremlin then ordered release of the data, something that Russian intelligence is usually loath to do and something that in this case would have risked retaliation from the expected winner of the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton.But such questions and doubts are clearly not welcome in the U.S. mainstream media, most of which has embraced Mueller s acceptance of Papadopoulos s story as the long-awaited  smoking gun  of Russia-gate.Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE RUSSIA-GATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia-Gate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21956,Bezos-Owned Washington Post Running PR for Bezos-Owned Amazon ‘HQ2’,"21st Century Wire says When the news broke in 2013 that Amazon.com founder and Bilderberg member Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post, we started asking the same question many others were asking at the time: what does it mean for the paper and what will happen next? As the media whips up a public frenzy over which city will go to what extreme lengths to prove their worthiness of hosting the online retailer s next company headquarters   replete with an odd reality TV like competition backdrop   we now see further signs of exactly what the plan was all along.SEE ALSO: Washington Post Sloppy  Journalism  Blames Russia for  Fake News  Crisis and Trump s Win, While Pushing Neo-McCarthyismAccording to Adam Johnson, contributing analyst for FAIR.org, the Washington Post has been caught reposting Amazon press releases in their coverage of the  HQ2  story. This amounts to essentially copy and paste PR by the Bezos-owned newspaper on behalf of Bezos-owned Amazon   with no regard for citation or explanation of the projected economic benefits a host city could expect to receive. If only quality control of shipping their news at the  Amazon Washington Post  was as tight as shipping their retail.Continue reading about this story at FAIR.org READ MORE MEDIA CRITIQUE AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21957,Lest We Forget: ‘Independent’ Mueller is Part of Establishment That Helped Sell Iraq War,"21st Century Wire says While the mainstream press can t wait to find out (or get illegally leaked Grand Jury details) about the next target of  Russian Collusion  investigator and special counsel Robert Mueller, lest we forget that back in February 2003 it was Mueller who helped W. Bush, Dick Cheney and the rest of the neocon establishment sell the Iraq War.In May of this year, just days after the abrupt firing of FBI Director James Comey, former FBI Director Mueller was appointed special counsel to the investigation. The reception was conspicuously enthusiastic and praised across all mainstream media outlets as well as inside the Washington, D.C. Beltway.This cogent video analysis by TYT Politics demonstrates that things may not be what they seem. In fact, as the evidence is presented here, far from it: Recent history, however, suggests that whenever the political media class appears united in praise for anything .there s reason for concern. WATCH: READ MORE NEOCON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Neocon FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21958,"Episode #208 – ‘Not The Network’ – Sunday Wire with Hesher, Funk$oul and Patrick Henningsen Live from Iraq","Episode #208 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Oct 29th 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the Iraq as host Patrick Henningsen is joined by guest hosts Hesher & Funk$oul from the Alternate Current Radio s Boiler Room to discuss this week s top stories internationally including the leveling of Raqqa by US-led  Coalition  forces, the new US-UK-Soros-sponsored war against RT guests and the new European McCarthyist hunt for political dissenters to compliment the US effort and the update on Trump s release of classified JFK files. We ll also review this past week s news events with guest FunkSoul.  Enjoy the show SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #208 Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
21959,Halloween Fireside Book of Suspense Vol. 2: Boiler Room EP #133,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Daniel Spaulding (of Soul of the East) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One.) Randy J & Fvnk$oul (ACR & 21Wire Contributors) for the hundred and thirty third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is kicking back with a Halloween vibe, discussing the absurdity of the British government creating a beef with the U.N. over the linguistic  virtue  of referring to  pregnant women  as  pregnant people  so as not to  offend  any  trans  people (I ve never put so many sarcastic quotations in one sentence before now.) The Boiler gang is also discussing Twitter, Google, Facebook and Youtube suppressing freedom of speech in the U.S. while serving as a lapdog to the intelligence agencies and the left leaning technocrats to literally do social engineering (not kidding, that is in Mark Zuckerberg s own words.)Direct Download Episode #133 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21960,Twitter ‘Off-Boards’ (Bans) RT and Sputnik Ads Ahead of Capitol Hill Testimony," Twitter s pitch deck for RT?21st Century Wire says In what appears to be a coordinated attack on RT and Sputnik, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey (@jack) has declared all advertising purchased by the two media outlets unfit for the online news and social networking service.Off-boarding advertising from all accounts owned by Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik.We re donating all projected earnings ($1.9mm) to support external research into the use of Twitter in elections, including use of malicious automation and misinformation. https://t.co/zIxfqqXCZr  jack (@jack) October 26, 2017The move comes just days before Twitter and other Silicon Valley companies go to Washington to testify on Capitol Hill regarding alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. Election.In the company s official announcement, it states the decision is based on  the U.S. intelligence community s conclusion that both RT and Sputnik attempted to interfere with the election on behalf of the Russian government. To be fair, there was no conclusion. The DNI report was only an assessment of  high confidence  by a group of hand-picked analysts from the CIA, FBI and NSA.What s both ironic and embarrassing about the Twitter bird s ad blockade of the Russian-owned media outlets is their recent ad pitch to RT, specifically, during the election cycle:Hope @jack won t forget to tell @congressdotgov how @Twitter pitched @RT_com to spend big $$s on US elex ad campaign. pic.twitter.com/7GqoEoSaY8      (@M_Simonyan) October 26, 2017That s a tweet on Thursday by RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan.It s quite clear that Twitter, along with other Silicon Valley properties like Google and Facebook, saw the 2016 U.S. Election as a lucrative ad sales pipeline and decided to cash-in   like any other media outlet would do.Now, ahead of their upcoming testimony on  election meddling , Twitter just put itself squarely in the crosshairs of the government   to curry favor to, and to be push even further as Russiamania pushes forward.More from The Duran READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RUSSIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21961,MORE QUESTIONS THAN ANSWERS: Was Sandy Hook Shooter Known to FBI Prior to School Massacre?,"21st Century wire says The FBI recently released new documents regarding the bizarre and still forensically critiqued Sandy Hook elementary school shooting tragedy.  SANDY HOOK    Many questions still remain in this perplexing case.  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)KEY POINT: It s important to remember that even though the events at Sandy Hook were said to have been carried out by a deranged lone gunman named Adam Lanza, initial reports on several CBS and ABC affiliates following the Sandy Hook mass shooting stated there was a  second shooter  who was apprehended at the scene.We should also be reminded that mainstream media reportage of the Sandy Hook tragedy took audiences down several rabbit holes of their own making, eventually implicating an unlikely suspect (left photo) with Asperger s syndrome, in an apparently motiveless crime.Not since the forensically questionable Columbine High School shooting massacre, had the corporate media been so fixated on a tragic shooting, focusing their efforts on politicizing the apparent crime, while investigators offered very little in terms of evidence in their official story.On March 28th of 2013, a few short months after the Sandy Hook shooting, an article entitled  Newtown Killer s Obsessions, in Chilling Detail  was published by the NY Times. In that article, the public learned that the Lanza s were unknown to authorities and that there were never any disturbances at the family residence that would have prepped law enforcement prior to the school shooting: Two law-enforcement officials who were initially involved in the investigation said in recent interviews that the Newtown police had never been called to the Lanza home for any disturbances, and that before the shootings the family was basically unknown to the authorities.They said they believed that Mr. Lanza had spent most of his time in the basement of the home, primarily playing a warfare video game,  Call of Duty. This aspect of the story had remained virtually unquestioned until the recent release of FBI information this week.Earlier this week, an NBC affiliate in Connecticut published an article disclosing the newly released FBI documents regarding the Sandy Hook case. Here s a short passage of that article: The documents include reports by FBI agents who interviewed people about Lanza. Large portions of many of the documents were redacted, including the names of the people who spoke to the agents.The documents also offer a window into the early days of the investigation, as agents chased false leads and gathered evidence of Lanza s isolation.A year after the massacre, state police released a final investigative document that concluded Lanza was obsessed with firearms, death and mass shootings, but that the motive may never be known. While the article continued by placing a heavy emphasis on the media crafted stage-like persona of the alleged shooter Adam Lanza, we re told for the first time of his alleged sexual perversions, as the video game/gun obsessed millennial, apparently also spent time analyzing mass shooting crimes.This murky portrait of the Sandy Hook shooter finally emerges nearly five years after the media sensationalized school shooting. But perhaps the most shocking claim has come from an unnamed Newtown resident alleging that Lanza may have already been well-known to the FBI or possibly the CIA  prior to the Sandy Hook school massacre occurring: A Newtown resident told the FBI that Nancy Lanza said Adam had once hacked into a government computer system and federal authorities   either FBI or CIA agents   showed up at their door.Nancy Lanza told the person that she had to convince the agents that her son was just very intelligent and was challenging himself to see if he could hack into a government system. She said agents told her that if Adam was that smart, he could get a job with their agency someday. QUESTION: Why is the public just now learning that Lanza may have already been known to authorities via his government computer hack   and why wouldn t various intelligence agencies continue to monitor his behavior after committing an illegal act that may have been a national security concern?The troubling Sandy Hook saga continues to have more questions than answers READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21962,Iraqi PM Rebuffs U.S. Decree That ‘Foreign Shia Militias’ Should Leave Country,"Ever since ISIS appeared in Iraq in 2014, both the policies and strategies coming out of Washington have ranged from confused to inept, as politicians and Pentagon officials spar over whether or not to cooperate with various Iranian-affiliated Shia militias and People s Mobilization Units (PMF), led by Hash d  al-Shaabi and Badr Organisation.The driving factor behind Washington s stance is the Israeli Lobby and Gulf state led by Saudi Arabia   who vocally oppose any US cooperation with Shia PMF s in Iraq. This lack of coherency has also helped alienate the Iraq government in Baghdad who appear to be less and less concerned with Washington s sectarian imposition and more concerned with closing-out the ISIS threat in Iraq.This dysfunctional US policy of exclusion in local operational partners on the ground may have helped to prolong the lifespan of ISIS in parts of Iraq. Washington s insistence on playing the sectarian card has led to its inability to openly cooperate with key players   to benefit of ISIS.Notice how the AFP report below categorically refers to Shia militia in Iraq at  Iranian militias    another example of the western mainstream media intentionally skewing language in order to give a false impression that all Shia militias in Iraq are Iranian   which is patently false.This week: US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson drew the short straw again, as Pentagon warhawks send him to Riyadh on another impossible mission AFP reports Iraq on Monday rebuffed a US demand that Iranian militias leave the country, insisting that the paramilitary forces which helped it defeat the Islamic State group consist solely of Iraqi nationals. Nobody has the right to interfere in Iraqi affairs,  the Iraqi cabinet said in a statement, quoting a source close to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. The fighters of the Hashed (al-Shaabi paramilitary units) are Iraqis who are concerned for their country and have sacrificed for its defence and for its people,  it said.On Sunday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson demanded that Iranian militias leave Iraq. Certainly Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fighting against (IS) is coming to a close, those militias need to go home,  Tillerson said. All foreign fighters need to go home,  he said at a press conference in Riyadh.The 60,000-strong Hashed was formed in 2014 after IS seized swathes of northern Iraq, routing government forces.A coalition mostly made up of Iranian-backed militias, it has played a key role in Iraq s successful fightback against the jihadists over the past three years.It answers to Iraq s prime minister as commander-in-chief of the Iraqi armed forces, into which it has been integrated by a parliamentary vote.Tillerson s remarks were also aimed at Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards and their foreign operations wing, the Quds Force, according to a senior US official accompanying him. The position of the Iraqi government and the position of our government is that there should be a single Iraqi security force answerable to the Iraqi state,  the official said on condition of anonymity.Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has also hit back at Tillerson s remarks, saying Iran played a crucial role in the fight against IS both in Iraq and Syria. If it wasn t for the sacrifices of the Islamic Republic of Iran  Daesh (IS) would have installed its government in Damascus, Baghdad and (the Iraqi Kurdish regional capital) Arbil by now,  he said.READ MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21963,New Survey Shows No.1 Fear of US Citizens is Government NOT Terrorism,"Americans have lost the plot when it comes to evaluating the true nature of the  terrorist threat  (Image Source: Wikicommons)By Matt AgoristAn extensive survey of hundreds of adults across the United States has just revealed that the thing most Americans fear more than anything else is their own government. In fact, according to the survey, no other fear even comes close to the percentage of Americans who worry about their corrupt government officials.The survey was conducted by Chapman University and it serves to back up the point that while Americans claim to live in the Land of the Free, deep down, they realize they are living in a corrupt oligarchy. The Chapman University Survey of American Fears Wave 4 (2017) provides an in-depth examination into the fears of average Americans. In May of 2017, a random sample of 1,207 adults from across the United States were asked their level of fear about eighty different fears across a huge variety of topics ranging from crime, the government, the environment, disasters, personal anxieties, technology and many others. As Statista s Niall McCarthy notes, like last year, corruption of government officials came top in 2017, with 74.5 percent of U.S. adults saying it makes them  afraid  or  very afraid. Despite the constant fear mongering from the mainstream media and government on bogeymen terrorists plotting to steal our freedom, the public, according to this survey, is not buying it.In fact, the threat of terrorism isn t even in the top 20 fears. Terrorism comes in at twenty-two below credit card fraud and identity theft.While this survey is certainly promising, in the idea that people are waking up to government corruption, it is also a telling sign of America s ability to hold two entirely contradictory ideas as self-evident.This ability, or perhaps better defined as  disability,  to hold two opposing ideas, such as the spreading of freedom through war, as being logically sound, is called cognitive dissonance. When one is in a state of dissonance, they may sometimes feel  disequilibrium : frustration, hunger, dread, guilt, anger, embarrassment, anxiety, etc.In order for cognitive dissonance to work, society must remain just ignorant enough to support and to believe the lies fed to them from the establishment as reality; even though this reality is a complete contradiction.Once we step back and observe society with this in mind, the reason for this contradictory mental state becomes quite obvious. It is much easier to remain delusional and in a state of suspended disbelief than it is to deal with the opposing ideas held inside one s head. How can one chant  USA is number #1!  while at the same time fearing the rulers of that USA?( ) If this survey shows us anything, it is that Americans would do well to entertain the uncomfortable idea that this country they hold so high up on a pedestal has actually long been on a path to become the dystopian nightmare written about in books like 1984.Americans would do well to remember the words by John Basil Barnhill in 1914 when he said, Where the people fear the government you have tyranny. Where the government fears the people you have liberty. This article first appeared the Free Thought Project.READ MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21964,"WHITE WASHED? Trump Claims Classified JFK Files Will Be Released, Reigniting Conspiracy Suspicions","Shawn Helton  21st Century Wire JFK FILES    Conspiracy still shrouds the JFK assassination. (Photo Illustration Shawn Helton)The assassination of US President John F. Kennedy, is one of the most infamous crimes of the 20th century. Like the enigmatic attacks of 9/11, it was an act that will forever be shrouded in conspiracy, intrigue and mystery   despite the lone gunman theory implicating Lee Harvey Oswald.New reports indicate that classified documents pertaining to the assassination of the 35th US President will be allowed to be released by US President Donald Trump.The NY Times reports: The release of the information being held in secret at the National Archives   including several thousand never-before-seen documents   was mandated to occur by Oct. 26 under a 1992 law that sought to quell conspiracy theories about the assassination.Mr. Trump has the power to block the release of the documents, and intelligence agencies have pressured him to do so for at least some of them. The agencies are concerned that information contained in some of the documents could damage national security interests.In a statement to reporters, the White House left open the possibility that Mr. Trump might halt the release of some documents. While word of a possible release of never-before-seen JFK files has spread like wildfire throughout mainstream media and alternative media alike, one should remain skeptical and cautious, as the likelihood of the military industrial complex, the CIA and other clandestine agencies releasing any conclusive inter-agency conspiracy related details about the JFK assassination   is next to zero.The globalist Deep State machine that has ruled the US and the world since WWII would have too much to lose if anything larger came out of America s most infamous conspiracy. It would be like opening Pandora s box. (Image Source: circololettori.it)Here s one theory in the mystery surrounding JFK s assassination that includes some uncanny historical and Hollywood associations that we are not likely to hear about In 1980, after a six-hour  suicidal  standoff with police, a contract killer linked to organized crime named Charles Harrelson, admitted to killing US District Judge John H Wood, and in the process, while apparently  high on cocaine  also claimed to have been involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.The father of Hollywood star Woody Harrelson was convicted in the murder of a grain dealer named Sam Degelia Jr in 1968 and in 1981, Charles received two life sentences for the murder of John Wood.Throughout 1981, more questions materialized regarding the assassination of Judge Wood in a UPI article: Defense lawyers maintained [Charles] Harrelson was framed by police and the informant. Charles an ex-felon, said a friend, Hampton Robinson III, who failed to show up to testify, had driven the car. He suggested someone, possibly federal agents, had planted the guns so he could be arrested. He denied telling [Department of Public Safety agent] Pagel he carried a gun.   THREE TRAMPS    Charles Harrelson (ID d by forensic experts on the left) is believed to be one of three arrested in Dealey Plaza after JFK s assassination in 1963. (Image Source: jfkmurdersolved)When considering the Harrelson-Kennedy connection, the 1989 book Crossfire comes to mind.Crossfire, written by the recently deceased well-known researcher Jim Marrs, was also adapted for the highly controversial and successful Oliver Stone film JFK. Below is a passage from Crossfire, as it relates to the apparent Harrelson-Kennedy link: Aside from being twice convicted of murder for hire, Harrelson   the father of actor Woody Harrelson   had a long history of involvement with Dallas underworld characters linked directly to Jack Ruby. Continuing, the Crossfire also stated: The late Fort Worth graphics expert Jack White, who testified before the House Select Committee on Assassinations, already had noticed the resemblance of Harrelson to the youngest tramp. In a 1981 interview with Chuck Cook, Harrelson claimed to have the  biggest story  the reporter would ever have, when questioned about Kennedy s death. Additionally, Jo Ann Harrelson noted the  similarities  between the tramp photos and her husband. All this coupled with the fact Diane Lou Oswald (the mother of Woody Harrelson), who had also been married to Charles Harrelson in Midland, Texas, made for a strange background concerning the JFK saga.In a KDFW-TV interview in 1982 below, Charles Harrelson back tracks somewhat on his claims of killing Kennedy   but does point directly to a larger conspiracy concerning the US government s involvement in the death of Kennedy as well as their alleged link to drug trade in America.The interview is a startling revelation, adding to the enigmatic JFK mystery and in the process   provides another strange backdrop to a captivating case . 21st Century Wire says Today, President Donald Trump announced he plans to release the tens of thousands of classified documents on the assassination of President John F Kennedy held at the National Archives and Records Administration. The president believes that these documents should be made available in the interests of full transparency unless agencies provide a compelling and clear national security or law enforcement justification otherwise,  a White House official told Reuters. Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened,  Trump tweeted on Saturday.Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2017Days before Trump s announcement, The Washington Post claim that their National Security Council source told deep state media oracle that federal government agencies have warned the president not to release some of the documents for fear they could somehow comprise  national security , although this rationale is hard to justify as the event took place nearly 55 years ago   unless of course, some legacy parties still in power today were implicated in the remaining documents.It s difficult to know if Trump is referring to all of the remaining CIA and FBI documents, or just some of them, or whether or not these documents will be redacted (presumably to protect any important names involved in the JFK murder, or possible cover-up). However, Trump appears to have left open the possibility that if government agencies feel the documents should not to released, then he would heed their advice. Trump added that his decision was  subject to the receipt of further information. According to Phil Shenon, a professional researcher and author on the Warren Commission: It s great news that the president is focused on this and that he s trying to demonstrate transparency. But the question remains whether he will open the library in full   every word in every document, as the law requires,  Shenon said.  And my understanding is that he won t without infuriating people at the CIA and elsewhere who are determined to keep at least some of the information secret, especially in documents created in the 1990s. The scheduled date of the release is meant to be on October 26, 2017.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21965,‘Man Bites Dog’: New York Times Does Some Actual Journalism,"What this story shows is that while there are some conscientious journalists at the New York Times who have made a concerted effort to discover the truth about President Trump s somewhat outlandish claim that the Cuban government have deployed sonic attacks against US diplomats in Havana   the paper s editors also ran with the predictable mainstream conspiracy theory that Putin might be behind this malicious high-tech assault on US foreign service officials.Is there an internal struggle underway in mainstream media institutions   between those who want to retain their integrity, and gatekeepers determine to use these outlets to peddle Establishment propaganda?Consortium News Exclusive: When the Trump administration blamed Cuba for a  sonic attack  on U.S. diplomats, a New York Times reporter did something unusual for his newspaper: he tried objectively to assess the evidence, as Robert Parry reports By Robert ParryI often criticize The New York Times, Washington Post and other major mainstream media outlets for a very simple reason: they deserve it   especially for their propagandistic, unprofessional and reckless coverage of foreign crises.But there are occasional moments when some reporter at an MSM outlet behaves responsibly and those instances should be noted at least under the classic definition of  news    something that is unexpected   or as the old saying goes,  dog bites man is not news; man bites dog is news. One such moment occurred earlier this month when a Times science editor assigned science reporter Carl Zimmer to look into the mysterious illnesses affecting U.S. diplomats in the recently reopened U.S. embassy in Cuba.About two dozen U.S. diplomats supposedly were suffering hearing loss and cognitive difficulties due to what has been labeled a  sonic attack.  The Trump administration blamed the Cuban government even though the Cubans claimed to be mystified and would seem to have little motive for disrupting a long-sought d tente with Washington along with the expected boon to their tourist industry. President Trump  retaliated  by expelling 15 Cuban diplomats.Zimmer recounted the background to his story in a reporter s notebook piece on Oct. 6:  On Tuesday, Michael Mason, my editor on the science desk, shot me an email. Would I consider writing an article about  this sonic  attack  business ? I knew exactly what he was talking about. I had been vaguely puzzled about this business for months. Checking Out the StoryZimmer then did what professional journalists are supposed to do: he started contacting impartial experts to get their assessments of what was possible, what was likely, and what didn t make sense. I decided to try to find something out   not as a political reporter but as a science writer,  Zimmer wrote in the sidebar that accompanied his news article.  I usually base my ideas on scientific research that has matured far enough that it is beginning to get published in peer-reviewed journals.   I knew that an article on sonic weapons would be very different from the ones I usually write. I learned there was not even an official medical report. I decided to try to draw some boundary lines for all the speculation swirling around the story. Is the idea of a sonic attack plausible, based on what scientists know about sound and the human body?  So I hit the phone. I didn t want to talk with just anyone   I looked for people with lots of experience in research that had direct bearing on this question. I started with Timothy Leighton, whose job title at Southampton University is, literally, professor of ultrasonics and underwater acoustics. Better yet, Dr. Leighton has published the only thorough recent scientific review of the effects of environmental ultrasound that I m aware of. When I interviewed Dr. Leighton and others, I made clear I didn t expect them to solve this mystery; I just wanted them to reconcile the question with what we know through science.  The consensus was that it was extremely unlikely the diplomats were the victims of a sonic weapon. It would be necessary to rule out less exotic possibilities before taking that one seriously. Yet, despite this skeptical scientific consensus among experts, Zimmer noted,  The notion [of a sonic attack] has ricocheted like mad around the press, making it possible for readers to assume that [the sonic attack explanation] has been generally accepted by experts. But it most certainly has not. I ll be curious to see if articles like mine can put the brakes on the speculation. Suspecting PutinWell, Zimmer could have read the Times editorial in the same day s (Oct. 6) newspaper for a partial answer. While critical of the Trump administration for rushing to judgment in blaming the Cuban government and expelling 15 diplomats, the editorial concluded:  The sonic attacks on Americans are too serious to be used for cynical political ends. So much for the editorial writers reading their own newspaper, but clearly they were driven by a higher agenda. A New York Times editorial about some unpleasant topic anywhere in the world these days wouldn t be complete without taking the opportunity to blame Russia or, in this case, at least suggest Russia as a possible villain in the mystery.The Times wrote:  Other parties, most notably Russia, must also figure as suspects: President Vladimir Putin would probably welcome a setback to American-Cuban relations. Yes, every possible conspiracy theory must somehow circle back to Vladimir Putin, a real-life Dr. Evil. When he is not plotting how to flood Facebook with images of puppies or manipulate Americans in their pursuit of Pokemon Go characters, he is building secret sonic weapons to disorient U.S. diplomats in Havana and provoke President Trump to act rashly (when we all know how cool and collected Trump normally is) Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE ABOUT MSM REPORTING AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21966,The Las Vegas and Weinstein Cover-ups: Boiler Room EP #132,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Shawn Helton (of 21st Century Wire) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One) & Randy J (ACR & 21Wire Contributor) for the hundred and thirty second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is further analyzing aspects of the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay mass shooting event with Shawn Helton joining to share his latest discovery with this exclusive 21Wire/ACR report. Shawn uncovers connections between the Phoenix charity foundation co-founded by Kymberley Suchomel, a survivor of the Las Vegas shooting, and the well known DHS related Geo Group. Kymberley Suchomel is reported to have died suddenly on October 9th, of apparent known health conditions.  The reason why the Geo Group link is so significant, is that prior to modern America s largest mass shooting in Las Vegas, an apparent survivor of the incident was operating a foundation that was accepting financial support from a large-scale company formerly known as The Wackenhut Corporation, a subsidiary of G4S Secure Solutions, one of the world s largest security firms, and a Department of Homeland Security connected conglomerate tied to the suspicious Orlando shooting in the summer of 2016   an event, that was previously the country s largest mass shooting.   Direct Download Episode #132 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21967,STRANGER THAN FICTION: Why Is Foundation of Vegas Shooting Survivor Sponsored By DHS Linked Firm?,"Shawn Helton  21st Century WireWhen looking at the deeply entangled mystery surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting, there s been no shortage of questionable details and information that just doesn t add up.You know the old adage, truth is often stranger than fiction   VEGAS QUESTIONS    Who is working behind the scenes concerning the High Desert Phoenix Foundation? (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The shooting involving the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Route 91 Harvest Festival, has ushered in the brutal return of politicized mass tragedy in America. The dramatic nature of the surreal as of yet still motiveless crime, only adds to a traumatic event that is now being described as  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings. Similarly, over this past week, a story of concerning the sudden tragic death of a Las Vegas shooting survivor sent shock waves through both mainstream media and alternative media alike.As a chorus of gripping media reports detailed the unexpected death of 28 year-old Kymberley Jo (Synder) Suchomel (left photo Daily Press) in the days after the Las Vegas mass shooting, those still in search of answers in the aftermath of the tragedy were left captivated by her tale.By now, many may already be familiar with media accounts of Suchomel s harrowing tale of survival, who along with close friends, was said to have attended the Route 91 Harvest Festival the night of the Las Vegas shooting massacre.As the untimely circumstances of Suchomel s death have been conflated with the unexplained events in Las Vegas, many in alternative media have hastily assumed that the young fund raiser s death was somehow linked to her dispute of the Las Vegas mass shooting storyline via social media posts on a Facebook account associated with her. Subsequently, online interpretations of the Suchomel story have led to a digital firestorm on social media, producing a wave of speculation prior to a more complete analysis of the survivor s tale.Despite sensationalized reportage, at this time, there s no concrete evidence to prove a social media-based conspiracy concerning the death of Suchomel According to the original story first published by the Daily Press, we re told Suchomel died in her sleep as she was said to have suffered from epilepsy and had been  prone to seizures.  Additionally, Suchomel, who was reportedly taking medication for a pituitary tumor, was discovered dead by her grandmother Julie Norton at 8:30am on October 9th at her Apple Valley, California home. At this moment, an autopsy of Suchomel s death is still pending.QUESTION: Is it possible that  open source investigators  were being led into a virtual cul-de-sac and thus missing the real story?Media Tripwire?Undoubtedly, the uncanny timing of Suchomel s death has come on the heels of a brewing controversy over the Las Vegas mass shooting. This has led to increased speculation, turbo-charging even more spurious internet-based conspiracies and allegations. These now viral stories have simultaneously been published, as anonymous survivor claims from those close to Suchomel have presented Facebook messages associated with her account. Suchomel s claims also allude to multiple shooters involved in the Las Vegas shooting, as she allegedly planned to  organize a group of survivors, and that The media can suck it. They have no idea what went down! While Suchomel s story is compelling, you have to wonder   is there more than we ve been told?At face value, Suchomel s public account of the Las Vegas shooting is persuasive and does appear to question the official narrative. However, one should look at information from multiple angles in order to formulate a more full spectrum understanding of complex multilayered criminality.*UPDATE*   Below are two screen shots associated with a Linkedin profile under the name of Kymberley Suchomel. We at 21WIRE cannot verify if this profile is connected in anyway to the Las Vegas shooting survivor or not, but several similarities in the appearance of the individual, home location and the inclusion of an aero-space industry government contractor Aero-Zone, along with others, raises some serious questions The inclusion of the above Linkedin profile is not necessarily an endorsement of a larger conspiracy concerning the Suchomel saga. However, the Linkedin revelations above have surfaced at or around the same time as other government contractor links have been uncovered regarding the Las Vegas shooting survivor s charitable foundation. (see below)QUESTION:Is the Linkedin profile above a ruse, someone else   or another mysterious part of the Suchomel story?SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldAlthough the police dispatch communication, along with eye-witness testimony reveals some startling information contradicting the official story surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting, one must be cautious when looking at all of the available evidence of a suspicious crime   however difficult that may be.As larger outlets in alternative media such as Infowars have sensationalized this highly emotive aspect of the Las Vegas tragedy, a series of formulaic polarizing political points have become an echo chamber in its aftermath. This type of conjecture rapidly descends into wild speculation only serving to magnify emotionally driven elements of a particular story, something that could be used to deliberately steer public perception away from any potential forensic clues.It s important to remember that during same time SITE Intelligence injected an  ISIS meme  into the Las Vegas tragedy without revealing any solid evidence, Infowars quickly followed suit. This then prompted an apparent  official  statement that echoed those dubious claims from the terror group ISIS. Although these claims still linger, they ve failed to produce any real connection to ISIS.As we ve noted numerous times here at 21WIRE, the intelligence monitoring group called SITE, has ties to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. The group has also had ethical concerns raised over the nature of their intel gathering in the last decade and according to the group s founder, Rita Katz they ve managed to release terror related material linked to ISIS prior to the group itself.  GEO GROUP    A private-for-profit corrections and detention firm formerly known as Wackenhut Corrections Corporation under the umbrella of The Wackenhut Corporation. (Image Source corporatewatch)Strange Bedfellows: Follow the MoneyWhat you re about to see below, is a collection of material revealing what appears to be a rather incredible financial component connected to the High Desert Phoenix Foundation, a charitable organization co-founded by the recently deceased Las Vegas mass shooting survivor Kymberley Suchomel. The High Desert Phoenix Foundation claims to have raised funds for grieving families affected by trauma since 2008. This amazing coincidence, rather incredibly, has not been mentioned once in any of the conspiratorial claims surrounding the Suchomel story at alternative media outlets. Put another way, a survivor of a traumatic event has been a long time co-founder of a foundation that contends to have helped those who have endured a traumatic tragedy themselves. It s a difficult question to ask    but what are the chances of this uncanny coincidence?Furthermore, new evidence uncovers details concerning the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s high-profile sponsors, one that includes the The GEO Group, Inc (GEO). This long time financial donor, is also linked to well-known government contractor security firms. Is this also a coincidence?In recent years, controversy has enveloped the multi-billion-dollar corporation known as Geo Group. Critics of GEO Group contend that politically motivated contributions have led to an expansion of its for-profit prisons system through federal, state and government contractual agreements at the expense of public safety. Even more concerning, is that critics argue that GEO Group has fostered a dangerous work environment via it s under staffed operations, inadequate training and apparent mistreatment of detainees and other inmates. This has led to a potentially volatile situation for communities nearby GEO Group s facilities. QUESTION: Does this sound like a suitable donor for a charitable foundation known for helping grieving families?In 1984, Wackenhut Corrections Corporation (WCC) had been formed as a part of The Wackenhut Corporation. In 2003, WCC management bought up all stock held by its subsidiary G4S, altering its name to The GEO Group, Inc.In 2004, other divisions of the Wackenhut Corporation were purchased by Group 4 Falck, a security focused subsidiary known as G4S Wackenhut, was later renamed again as G4S Secure Solutions.Here s a screen shot of the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s mission statement. Notice the modest look of the website   an organization with the financial backing of the multi-billion dollar GEO Group, one of the nation s largest for-profit prison operators The reason why the GEO Group link is so significant, is that prior to modern America s largest mass shooting in Las Vegas, an apparent survivor of the incident was operating a foundation that was accepting financial support from a large-scale company formerly known as The Wackenhut Corporation, a subsidiary of G4S Secure Solutions, one of the world s largest security firms, and a Department of Homeland Security connected conglomerate tied to the suspicious Orlando shooting in the summer of 2016   an event, that was previously the country s largest mass shooting. If you remember, 29-year old Omar Mateen, an Afghani-American was located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, about 120 miles outside of Orlando. In 2013, Mateen was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed two to three times by the FBI 2013-14) and had worked for G4S Secure Solutions, headquartered in Jupiter, Florida, a company which was formerly part of a CIA-linked government contractor and security firm known as The Wackenhut Corporation.G4S, as it turns out, was the very first  designated  and certified Department of Homeland Security (DHS) contractor and recently secured a $234 million dollar contract with the federal cabinet department. In addition to apparently providing security solutions for  90 percent of U.S. nuclear facilities,  G4S, according to border patrol sources has also been tasked with the transportation and release of illegal immigrants inside the interior of the United States. At least one of Mateen s roles with G4S, was to transport and provide security for prisoner youths in Florida.Here s a screen shot from the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s website that proudly displays their billion dollar government contract linked  diamond  donor, The Geo Group Below is a link to the first discussion about the Geo Group connection as it relates to the Las Vegas mass shooting Boiler Room: Stranger than Fiction   New Anomalies in the Las Vegas Mass Shooting with Shawn Helton & HesherSEE ALSO: The Las Vegas and Weinstein Cover-ups: Boiler Room EP #132The amount of independent examination regarding the Las Vegas shooting case thus far is fairly staggering and in the wake of any multilayered event, one must proceed with caution when reviewing the available evidence, as the doorway for a  trial by media  frenzy in both mainstream media and alternative media could be used to derail sincere analysis.What should the public make of the the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s long time financial links to a high-profile government contractor?All of this comes, as the Las Vegas shooting star witness, Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos resurfaced to appear in what the public has been told will be his only media appearance to discuss this bizarre and highly questionable case.It s also worth mentioning that Campos failed to shed any more light on the shifting timeline of events associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. Watch Campos  break his silence  in an interview that appeared on Ellen Stay tuned for any updates to this story 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21968,ANTIFA: Self-Appointed Radical Revolutionaries or Neoliberal Thought Police?," Antifa (Photo: Twitter)Diana Johnstone 21st Century Wire Fascists are divided into two categories, the fascists and the anti-fascists  ~ Ennio FlaianoIn recent weeks, a totally disoriented left has been widely exhorted to unify around a masked vanguard calling itself Antifa, for anti-fascist. Hooded and dressed in black, Antifa is essentially a variation of the Black Bloc, familiar for introducing violence into peaceful demonstrations in many countries. Imported from Europe, the label Antifa sounds more political. It also serves the purpose of stigmatizing those it attacks as  fascists .Despite its imported European name, Antifa is basically just another example of America s steady descent into violence.Historical PretensionsAntifa first came to prominence from its role in reversing Berkeley s proud  free speech  tradition by preventing right wing personalities from speaking there. But its moment of glory was its clash with rightwingers in Charlottesville on August 12, largely because Trump commented that there were  good people on both sides . With exuberant Schadenfreude, commentators grabbed the opportunity to condemn the despised President for his  moral equivalence , thereby bestowing a moral blessing on Antifa.Charlottesville served as a successful book launching for Antifa: the Antifascist Handbook, whose author, young academic Mark Bray, is an Antifa in both theory and practice. The book is  really taking off very fast , rejoiced the publisher, Melville House. It instantly won acclaim from leading mainstream media such as the New York Times,The Guardian and NBC, not hitherto known for rushing to review leftwing books, least of all those by revolutionary anarchists.The Washington Post welcomed Bray as spokesman for  insurgent activist movements  and observed that: The book s most enlightening contribution is on the history of anti-fascist efforts over the past century, but its most relevant for today is its justification for stifling speech and clobbering white supremacists. Bray s  enlightening contribution  is to a tell a flattering version of the Antifa story to a generation whose dualistic, Holocaust-centered view of history has largely deprived them of both the factual and the analytical tools to judge multidimensional events such as the growth of fascism. Bray presents today s Antifa as though it were the glorious legitimate heir to every noble cause since abolitionism. But there were no anti-fascists before fascism, and the label  Antifa  by no means applies to all the many adversaries of fascism.The implicit claim to carry on the tradition of the International Brigades who fought in Spain against Franco is nothing other than a form of innocence by association. Since we must revere the heroes of the Spanish Civil War, some of that esteem is supposed to rub off on their self-designated heirs. Unfortunately, there are no veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade still alive to point to the difference between a vast organized defense against invading fascist armies and skirmishes on the Berkeley campus. As for the Anarchists of Catalonia, the patent on anarchism ran out a long time ago, and anyone is free to market his own generic.The original Antifascist movement was an effort by the Communist International to cease hostilities with Europe s Socialist Parties in order to build a common front against the triumphant movements led by Mussolini and Hitler.Since Fascism thrived, and Antifa was never a serious adversary, its apologists thrive on the  nipped in the bud  claim:  if only  Antifascists had beat up the fascist movements early enough, the latter would have been nipped in the bud. Since reason and debate failed to stop the rise of fascism, they argue, we must use street violence   which, by the way, failed even more decisively.This is totally ahistorical. Fascism exalted violence, and violence was its preferred testing ground. Both Communists and Fascists were fighting in the streets and the atmosphere of violence helped fascism thrive as a bulwark against Bolshevism, gaining the crucial support of leading capitalists and militarists in their countries, which brought them to power.Since historic fascism no longer exists, Bray s Antifa have broadened their notion of  fascism  to include anything that violates the current Identity Politics canon: from  patriarchy  (a pre-fascist attitude to put it mildly) to  transphobia  (decidedly a post-fascist problem).The masked militants of Antifa seem to be more inspired by Batman than by Marx or even by Bakunin.Storm Troopers of the Neoliberal War PartySince Mark Bray offers European credentials for current US Antifa, it is appropriate to observe what Antifa amounts to in Europe today.In Europe, the tendency takes two forms. Black Bloc activists regularly invade various leftist demonstrations in order to smash windows and fight the police. These testosterone exhibits are of minor political significance, other than provoking public calls to strengthen police forces. They are widely suspected of being influenced by police infiltration.As an example, last September 23, several dozen black-clad masked ruffians, tearing down posters and throwing stones, attempted to storm the platform where the flamboyant Jean-Luc M lenchon was to address the mass meeting of La France Insoumise, today the leading leftist party in France. Their unspoken message seemed to be that nobody is revolutionary enough for them. Occasionally, they do actually spot a random skinhead to beat up. This establishes their credentials as  anti-fascist .They use these credentials to arrogate to themselves the right to slander others in a sort of informal self-appointed inquisition.As prime example, in late 2010, a young woman named Ornella Guyet appeared in Paris seeking work as a journalist in various leftist periodicals and blogs. She  tried to infiltrate everywhere , according to the former director of Le Monde diplomatique, Maurice Lemoine, who  always intuitively distrusted her  when he hired her as an intern.Viktor Dedaj, who manages one of the main leftist sites in France, Le Grand Soir, was among those who tried to help her, only to experience an unpleasant surprise a few months later. Ornella had become a self-appointed inquisitor dedicated to denouncing  conspirationism, confusionism, anti-Semitism and red-brown  on Internet. This took the form of personal attacks on individuals whom she judged to be guilty of those sins. What is significant is that all her targets were opposed to US and NATO aggressive wars in the Middle East.Indeed, the timing of her crusade coincided with the  regime change  wars that destroyed Libya and tore apart Syria. The attacks singled out leading critics of those wars.Viktor Dedaj was on her hit list. So was Michel Collon, close to the Belgian Workers Party, author, activist and manager of the bilingual site Investig action. So was Fran ois Ruffin, film-maker, editor of the leftist journal Fakir elected recently to the National Assembly on the list of M lenchon s party La France Insoumise. And so on. The list is long.The targeted personalities are diverse, but all have one thing in common: opposition to aggressive wars. What s more, so far as I can tell, just about everyone opposed to those wars is on her list.The main technique is guilt by association. High on the list of mortal sins is criticism of the European Union, which is associated with  nationalism  which is associated with  fascism  which is associated with  anti-Semitism , hinting at a penchant for genocide. This coincides perfectly with the official policy of the EU and EU governments, but Antifa uses much harsher language.In mid-June 2011, the anti-EU party Union Populaire R publicaine led by Fran ois Asselineau was the object of slanderous insinuations on Antifa internet sites signed by  Marie-Anne Boutoleau  (a pseudonym for Ornella Guyet). Fearing violence, owners cancelled scheduled UPR meeting places in Lyon. UPR did a little investigation, discovering that Ornella Guyet was on the speakers list at a March 2009 Seminar on International Media organized in Paris by the Center for the Study of International Communications and the School of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University. A surprising association for such a zealous crusader against  red-brown .In case anyone has doubts,  red-brown  is a term used to smear anyone with generally leftist views   that is,  red    with the fascist color  brown . This smear can be based on having the same opinion as someone on the right, speaking on the same platform with someone on the right, being published alongside someone on the right, being seen at an anti-war demonstration also attended by someone on the right, and so on. This is particularly useful for the War Party, since these days, many conservatives are more opposed to war than leftists who have bought into the  humanitarian war  mantra.The government doesn t need to repress anti-war gatherings. Antifa does the job.The Franco-African comedien Dieudonn  M Bala M Bala, stigmatized for anti-Semitism since 2002 for his tv sketch lampooning an Israeli settler as part of George W. Bush s  Axis of Good , is not only a target, but serves as a guilty association for anyone who defends his right to free speech   such as Belgian professor Jean Bricmont, virtually blacklisted in France for trying to get in a word in favor of free speech during a TV talk show. Dieudonn  has been banned from the media, sued and fined countless times, even sentenced to jail in Belgium, but continues to enjoy a full house of enthusiastic supporters at his one-man shows, where the main political message is opposition to war.Still, accusations of being soft on Dieudonn  can have serious effects on individuals in more precarious positions, since the mere hint of  anti-Semitism  can be a career killer in France. Invitations are cancelled, publications refused, messages go unanswered.In April 2016, Ornella Guyet dropped out of sight, amid strong suspicions about her own peculiar associations.The moral of this story is simple. Self-appointed radical revolutionaries can be the most useful thought police for the neoliberal war party.I am not suggesting that all, or most, Antifa are agents of the establishment. But they can be manipulated, infiltrated or impersonated precisely because they are self-anointed and usually more or less disguised.Silencing Necessary DebateOne who is certainly sincere is Mark Bray, author of The Intifa Handbook. It is clear where Mark Bray is coming from when he writes (p.36-7):  Hitler s  final solution  murdered six million Jews in gas chambers, with firing squads, through hunger an lack of medical treatment in squalid camps and ghettoes, with beatings, by working them to death, and through suicidal despair. Approximately two out of every three Jews on the continent were killed, including some of my relatives. This personal history explains why Mark Bray feels passionately about  fascism . This is perfectly understandable in one who is haunted by fear that  it can happen again .However, even the most justifiable emotional concerns do not necessarily contribute to wise counsel. Violent reactions to fear may seem to be strong and effective when in reality they are morally weak and practically ineffectual.We are in a period of great political confusion. Labeling every manifestation of  political incorrectness  as fascism impedes clarification of debate over issues that very much need to be defined and clarified.The scarcity of fascists has been compensated by identifying criticism of immigration as fascism. This identification, in connection with rejection of national borders, derives much of its emotional force above all from the ancestral fear in the Jewish community of being excluded from the nations in which they find themselves.The issue of immigration has different aspects in different places. It is not the same in European countries as in the United States. There is a basic distinction between immigrants and immigration. Immigrants are people who deserve consideration. Immigration is a policy that needs to be evaluated. It should be possible to discuss the policy without being accused of persecuting the people. After all, trade union leaders have traditionally opposed mass immigration, not out of racism, but because it can be a deliberate capitalist strategy to bring down wages.In reality, immigration is a complex subject, with many aspects that can lead to reasonable compromise. But to polarize the issue misses the chances for compromise. By making mass immigration the litmus test of whether or not one is fascist, Antifa intimidation impedes reasonable discussion. Without discussion, without readiness to listen to all viewpoints, the issue will simply divide the population into two camps, for and against. And who will win such a confrontation?A recent survey* shows that mass immigration is increasingly unpopular in all European countries. The complexity of the issue is shown by the fact that in the vast majority of European countries, most people believe they have a duty to welcome refugees, but disapprove of continued mass immigration. The official argument that immigration is a good thing is accepted by only 40%, compared to 60% of all Europeans who believe that  immigration is bad for our country . A left whose principal cause is open borders will become increasingly unpopular.Childish ViolenceThe idea that the way to shut someone up is to punch him in the jaw is as American as Hollywood movies. It is also typical of the gang war that prevails in certain parts of Los Angeles. Banding together with others  like us  to fight against gangs of  them  for control of turf is characteristic of young men in uncertain circumstances. The search for a cause can involve endowing such conduct with a political purpose: either fascist or antifascist. For disoriented youth, this is an alternative to joining the US Marines.American Antifa looks very much like a middle class wedding between Identity Politics and gang warfare. Mark Bray (page 175) quotes his DC Antifa source as implying that the motive of would-be fascists is to side with  the most powerful kid in the block  and will retreat if scared. Our gang is tougher than your gang.That is also the logic of US imperialism, which habitually declares of its chosen enemies:  All they understand is force.  Although Antifa claim to be radical revolutionaries, their mindset is perfectly typical the atmosphere of violence which prevails in militarized America.In another vein, Antifa follows the trend of current Identity Politics excesses that are squelching free speech in what should be its citadel, academia. Words are considered so dangerous that  safe spaces  must be established to protect people from them. This extreme vulnerability to injury from words is strangely linked to tolerance of real physical violence.Wild Goose ChaseIn the United States, the worst thing about Antifa is the effort to lead the disoriented American left into a wild goose chase, tracking down imaginary  fascists  instead of getting together openly to work out a coherent positive program. The United States has more than its share of weird individuals, of gratuitous aggression, of crazy ideas, and tracking down these marginal characters, whether alone or in groups, is a huge distraction. The truly dangerous people in the United States are safely ensconced in Wall Street, in Washington Think Tanks, in the executive suites of the sprawling military industry, not to mention the editorial offices of some of the mainstream media currently adopting a benevolent attitude toward  anti-fascists  simply because they are useful in focusing on the maverick Trump instead of themselves.Antifa USA, by defining  resistance to fascism  as resistance to lost causes   the Confederacy, white supremacists and for that matter Donald Trump   is actually distracting from resistance to the ruling neoliberal establishment, which is also opposed to the Confederacy and white supremacists and has already largely managed to capture Trump by its implacable campaign of denigration. That ruling establishment, which in its insatiable foreign wars and introduction of police state methods, has successfully used popular  resistance to Trump  to make him even worse than he already was.The facile use of the term  fascist  gets in the way of thoughtful identification and definition of the real enemy of humanity today. In the contemporary chaos, the greatest and most dangerous upheavals in the world all stem from the same source, which is hard to name, but which we might give the provisional simplified label of Globalized Imperialism. This amounts to a multifaceted project to reshape the world to satisfy the demands of financial capitalism, the military industrial complex, United States ideological vanity and the megalomania of leaders of lesser  Western  powers, notably Israel. It could be called simply  imperialism , except that it is much vaster and more destructive than the historic imperialism of previous centuries. It is also much more disguised. And since it bears no clear label such as  fascism , it is difficult to denounce in simple terms.The fixation on preventing a form of tyranny that arose over 80 years ago, under very different circumstances, obstructs recognition of the monstrous tyranny of today. Fighting the previous war leads to defeat.Donald Trump is an outsider who will not be let inside. The election of Donald Trump is above all a grave symptom of the decadence of the American political system, totally ruled by money, lobbies, the military-industrial complex and corporate media. Their lies are undermining the very basis of democracy. Antifa has gone on the offensive against the one weapon still in the hands of the people: the right to free speech and assembly.***Diana Johnstone is author of the introduction to her father s memoir, From MAD to Madness: Inside Pentagon Nuclear War Planning, by Paul H. Johnstone (Clarity Press).READ MORE FASCIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fascist FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21969,VANISHED: ‘Hero Security Guard’ and Star Witness of Las Vegas Shooting is Missing,"TWO PROTAGONISTS: Jesus Campos, and alleged shooter Stephen Paddock.Last week, 21WIRE reported how the Las Vegas police and FBI had suddenly changed their story of the timeline of events associated with Mandalay Bay security guard  hero  and police star witness, Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock. *Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. In addition, reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them not to talk about the mass-shooting case.Now we can report that Jesus Campos is missing.This has all the hallmarks of a cover-up. Not surprisingly, the mainstream media appear to be disinterested in this story now.FOX News confirmed this morning:The Mandalay Bay security guard who disappeared last week moments before he was scheduled to break his silence in television interviews has not been seen since he went to a walk-in health clinic, his union president said.David Hickey of the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA) told reporters Friday that he got a text the night before saying Jesus Campos was taken to a UMC Quick Care facility, though he did not specify where or whom the text came from.A spokesperson at the UMC Quick Care, which has eight locations throughout the Las Vegas area, told Fox News on Monday that they had  heard nothing  about Campos visiting them.Multiple requests from Fox News for SPFPA to comment on the matter were not returned Monday.Hickey said he was meeting with MGM officials Thursday afternoon in the hours before Campos  scheduled television appearances, including one with Fox News.LAS VEGAS SECURITY GUARD JESUS CAMPOS DISAPPEARS MOMENTS BEFORE TV INTERVIEWS For the past four days he s been preparing   we had a meeting with MGM officials, and after that meeting was over, we talked about the interviews, we went to a private area, and when we came out, Mr. Campos was gone,  Hickey told reporters, according to Fox 5 Las Vegas.Hickey said Campos had requested to go public and wanted to tell his story and move on from the Oct. 1 shooting investigation. Police say he was shot just before the crazed gunman killed 58 at music festival on the Las Vegas Strip   though the sequence of events is still in dispute.Campos was last photographed in public on Oct. 10, accepting an  SPFPA Hero Award  for bravery in the line of duty, while dining with Hickey and others at a high-end Vegas steakhouse. But soon afterward, investigators said that the security guard was shot before the massacre, raising questions about whether the hotel did enough to prevent the bloodshed.Hickey has said that before he vanished, Campus was looking forward to telling his side of the story. Right now I m just concerned where my member is, and what his condition is. It s highly unusual,  Hickey said Friday.  I m hoping everything is OK with him and I m sure MGM or the union will let (media) know when we hear something,  he said.(Fox News  Greg Norman contributed to this report)SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21970,TSA: US Residents from 9 States Will Need Passports for Domestic Flights,"This latest move by America s notorious Transportation Security Authority (TSA) seems to be step one in a move towards a national ID Card, complete with biometrics and embedded RFID technology.By forcing residents of nine states to get passports in order to board domestic flights, the TSA is de facto pushing those states towards the implementation of a new state-of-the-art ID card system.This will help to give real teeth to the  The Real ID Act It s just the next phase in the further militarization of US society.Forbes reports You may have thought you don t need a passport because you don t travel outside the United States. But for residents of nine states, that will change at the beginning of 2018 for any commercial flight, whether international or domestic.Nine states will no longer allow travelers to board an airplane with just their state issued driver s licenses as of January 22, 2018. To get past TSA security checkpoints, another form of identification will be required: passport, permanent resident card/green card or a military ID.The Real ID Act of 2005 states that state-issued IDs from these nine states do not meet the minimum security standards of the federal government:With just a few months until the Real ID Act goes into full effect, it is time to start planning now and look into getting your passport. Here is the airport signage, placed around the security checkpoints in airports to remind U.S. travelers of what;s to come (with my emphasis): Starting January 22, 2018, you will need a driver s license or ID from a state compliant with the REAL ID ACT, a state that has an extension for compliance, or an alternate ID to fly. For REAL ID information, and a list of acceptable IDs, visit tsa.gov.  Some states have started working on offering federally approved issued IDs that would not require a passport for domestic air travel. Check with your local government office to see if there is a different type of ID you can apply for, and the TSA website to clarify this situation. Because on January 22, 2018, the enforcement for those nine states will go into effect, and by 2020, even more people will end up needing a passport, as confirmed by the official website of the Transportation Security Administration.To repeat, if you re going to take a flight and you have a state-issued ID from one of those nine states listed above, unless your state has made federally approved changes before January, you should use a passport to go anywhere across the country, as all domestic travel is included in these new standards. (States other than those nine will not be affected.)Continue this story at ForbesREAD MORE TSA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TSA FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21971,SUNDAY SCREENING: Operation Hollywood (2004),"Our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.How many of your favorite movies have been shaped and directed by the Pentagon? Since the 1970 s, a number of successful Hollywood blockbuster hits, including Patton, Apocalypse Now, Top Gun, Three Kings, Saving Private Ryan, Blackhawk Down and others   have had their productions and budgets augmented by the US military machine   including the use military bases, heavy weaponry, submarines aircraft and aircraft carriers   generously made available to the studios  but at a price. The quid pro quo is that Pentagon s  experts  are then allowed to vet hundreds of screenplays each year, and even have direct input into the story lines.Operation Hollywood explores the cozy relationship between the big entertainment studios and the military industrial complex, and asks why Americans, and the world, accept that the Pentagon will use movies to promote its own brand of propaganda   in the furtherance of a US-centric global agenda of militarization. Watch:. Run time: 52 min Director: Emilio Pacull Distributor Arte France and Les Films d Ici (2004)For additional background on this topic, listen to author Jay Dyer s highly informative lecture on the subject.SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21972,Reflections on a World Gone Mad and Pushing Back against Neocolonialist Thuggery," Andre Vltchek Anti DiplomaticoThe following is an interview with ANDRE VLTCHEK by ALESSANDRO BIANCCHI, Chief Editor of the Italian political magazine Anti-Diplomatico:ALESSANDRO BIANCHI: Self-determination of peoples and respect for the borders and sovereignty of a country. This is of the most complicated issue for international law. How can it be articulated for the case of Catalonia?ANDRE VLTCHEK: Personally, I m not very enthusiastic about smaller nations forming their own states, particularly those in the West, where they would, after gaining  independence , remain in the alliances that are oppressing and plundering the entire world: like NATO or the European Union.Clearly, the breaking of the great country of Yugoslavia into small pieces was a hostile, evil design by the West, and particularly of Germany and Austria. The dissolution of Czechoslovakia after the so-called  Velvet Revolution  was a total idiocy.But Catalonia (or Basque Country), if it became independent, would become one of the richest parts of Europe. I don t think it would have any great positive or negative impact on the rest of the world. As an internationalist, I don t really care if they are separate from Spain or not, or whether they are even richer than they already are, as I care much more about what is happening in places such as Afghanistan, Venezuela or North Korea.On the other hand, the way Spain has now behaved in Catalonia, after the referendum, is a total disgrace. They decided to treat the Catalan people in the same way as Indonesians have been treating Papuans for decades. If this continues, it will all reach the point of no return: reconciliation will become impossible. You cannot start sexually harassing women and then break their fingers, one by one, just because they want to have their own state. You cannot injure hundreds of innocent people, who simply don t want to be governed from Madrid. That s absurd and thoroughly sick! Of course Spain used to commit holocausts all over what is now called Latin America, so it is  in their blood . But I don t think Catalans will allow this to be done to them.What about the constitution of Spain? Look, there should be nothing sacred about constitutions. In the West, they were written to protect the interests of the ruling classes. When they get outdated, they should be moderated, or totally rewritten. If Catalans or Basques want their independence, if they really want it, if it is so important for them, then why not   they should have it. Spain is not a  people s country . It is an oppressive Western bully. I would have a totally different position if some part of Bolivia or China were to try to secede.AB: Different situation and different reality. Another issue of fundamental international concern in this period is the referendum of Iraqi Kurdistan, which is likely to become the new fuse ready to explode in that area. Would it be the new Israel in the Middle East as someone has affirmed?AV: Well, that is really a very serious issue. I have worked in the Kurdish autonomous region of Iraq already twice, even on the  border  with Mosul, and what I saw there I did not like at all!It is clearly a  client  state of the West, of Turkey and to some extent, Israel. It is shamelessly capitalist, taking land from its own people, cheating them, just in order to pump and refine huge quantities of oil. It treats Syrian refugees like animals, forcing them to make anti-Assad statements. It is turning ancient Erbil into some bizarre shopping mall with nothing public in sight. Its military top brass is mainly US/UK-trained and indoctrinated. And it provokes Baghdad, day and night.I really strongly disliked what I saw there. If Iraqi Kurds were allowed to have their  independence , the impact on the region would be huge and certainly negative. Baghdad should not allow it, even at the cost of an armed confrontation.AB: Coming to the question of the moment: the nuclear escalation in North Korean and a possible escalation of war on the Korean peninsula. What is your opinion about Kim s strategy and what are the real risks?AV: There is only one real  risk  and danger: that the world is quickly accepting as inevitable the fact that the Western thuggish regimes can get away with absolutely anything. I see no other serious problem that the world today is facing.What is Kim s strategy? To defend his people by all means, against the brutal force that has already murdered millions of men, women and children of Korea. That brutal force is the West and its allies. It is all very simple, but only if one is willing to turn off the BBC and to use his or her own brain, it becomes  obvious .AB: According to many, for Pyongyang the nuclear bomb is becoming more and more vital because it is increasingly feared that the country will end up like Iraq and Libya. Do you not believe that the sanctions of the United Nations are therefore totally ineffective and counterproductive because they fuel this escalation?AV: Of course, but they [sanctions] are still imposed on the victim! It is because almost no one dares to laugh straight in the faces of Western demagogues and dictators. The world resembles the areas occupied by the Nazi Germany and Italy and Japan during the WWII. There, nobody would dare to vote independently, defending victims of fascism.AB: The US Federation of Science (FAS) estimates that in 2017 North Korea has  fissile material to potentially produce 10 to 20 nuclear warheads  even if it is strongly suspected that none can be considered ready for launch. The US possesses 6,800 nuclear heads. The French and British (respectively 300 and 215 respectively) included, NATO s nuclear forces have 7,315 nuclear warheads, of which 2,200 are ready to launch, compared to 7,000 held by the Russians, of which 1,950 are ready to launch. With Chinese (270), Pakistani (120-130), Indian (110-120) and Israeli (80), the total number of nuclear warheads is estimated to be around 15,000 by default. The West is a nuclear oligopoly that can only create an escalation with those who feel threatened, and so the threatened search to procure them. Is North Korea the only source of nuclear threat to the world, as it seems in the mainstream media?AV: Of course, North Korea is no threat at all. I have already spoken about it during countless televised interviews. I visited North Korea and mingled with its people. There, nobody wants war. The North Korean people paid a terrible price for their independence. Its civilians were murdered mercilessly in tunnels by Western forces; its women were brutally raped, entire villages and towns leveled to the ground, or burned to ashes. All this is never discussed in the West, but is remembered in North Korea.Now, absolutely shameless British propaganda is  preparing  the world public for the  inevitability  of the war. You know, if someone in this day and age still believes that the United States is the only culprit, he or she is perhaps living in some deep isolated trench or a cave. Indoctrination and brainwashing is mainly designed,  Made in Europe , most evidently in the UK, where most of the people have already lost all their ability to think rationally. The British colonialist propaganda apparatus is terribly sinister, but strategically it is simply brilliant! It was utilized for centuries, and it even succeeded in  programming  the brains of the victims in the sub-Continent, Africa and elsewhere.Of course, your numbers are correct and all that is happening is thoroughly absurd! But day and night people are told that North Korea represents a true danger to the world. The same was said about the Soviet Union, China, Cuba, Iraq, Afghanistan and many other countries. Most of these countries have already been destroyed.North Korea s sin is that it refuses to surrender, to fall on its knees, to sacrifice its people. It refuses to become a slave. For centuries, European and later US colonialism punished such defiance in the most brutal ways. Western culture is, after all, based and built on slavery. It demands absolute compliance, unconditional submission.If North Korea is attacked, it should fight back! And it will.AB: The United Nations adopted the important Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in July. The United Nations is often used (in alternate ways and countries): this Treaty is ignored by all nuclear powers, including by members of NATO with US nuclear weapons (including Italy). NATO has banned member states from ratifying it. Can the West have a moralist attitude to those who pursue a deterrent in order not to not end up like Saddam and Gaddafi?AV: The West is like an army of brigands that has managed to overrun some city, to rape everything that moves, burn the center, loot houses and shops and then execute all leading thinkers and defenders. A few days later they see someone stealing a bunch of bananas from a fruit stall. And they catch him, and judge him, and feel totally morally righteous. It is all so comical! But that is not how you are supposed to see it!AB: Russia and China (with Iran, Venezuela and many other countries) are intensifying de-dollarization in their mutual exchanges. Does it envisage a gradual weakening of the dollar capable of affecting international finance and what geopolitical repercussions?AV: Yes, definitely! And you should talk about it to my friend, Peter Koenig, a true dissident, a former economist at the World Bank, who is now actually advising many countries on de-dollarization.US dollars should not be used anymore. Western institutions should be ignored. Totally new structures should be, and are being erected. China and Russia are, of course, in the lead. All this is extremely important and can change the world, in the near future.AB: Venezuela, with the convening of the Constituent Assembly, turned off the coup attempts of the opposition. In Brazil Lula is favored in polls, while in Argentina the former President Cristina Fernandez is back in the Senate with strong popular support. So it was not the end of the progressive cycle, as the mainstream has for years stated?AV: Of course it was not the end! The desire of Lain Americans to live in just and egalitarian societies is too strong; it cannot be destroyed overnight.There were some serious setbacks   in Argentina and Brazil. And Venezuela is suffering immensely, battered by its own shameless elites sponsored from abroad. But the country is still standing.In Brazil, Temer is immensely unpopular. His  constitutional coup  will soon backfire. PT will be back, in its old form or in a new one. And it will be much stronger than before. The same goes for Argentina. You see, despite all the media manipulation, propaganda and shameless lies, people are already realizing that they were fooled. They want some decency back, they want socialism and pride and hope! They want true independence.In two weeks from now I m going back to South America. My book of essays is being published by LOM, soon, and LOM is a very important left-wing publishing house in Chile. These days I go back to South America often. It is one of the frontlines, battlegrounds, where people struggle against Western imperialism and its lackeys!These are very important, fascinating times! I have just published my latest book, about  The Great October Socialist Revolution  of 1917, in Russia. Its legacy is now relevant, more than ever before in history. It gave birth to internationalism, and internationalism is the only movement, which can still save the world, and which can defeat Western nihilism and its barefaced, cynical pillage of the planet!***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.READ MORE FROM ANDRE VLTCHEK: 21ST CENTURY IMPERIALISM FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21973,John McAfee on Hacking Smartphones and Why BITCOIN is Here to Stay,"The world of personal digital devices is moving at a rapid rate and few cyber pundits are as well positioned to comment on all of these developments   as cyber security expert John McAfee. While attending an international tech conference in Romania, McAfee discusses a number of important personal privacy issues,  including how hackers can access your smartphone and why, and the safety of crypto-currencies in today s world of data-mining, along with trojan horses, the strategy behind malware and remote cyber attacks.Watch this very informative interview: READ MORE BITCOIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bitcoin FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21974,Black Politician Explains Why Left’s ‘Racist’ Critique of Trump is Wrong,"Is the Democratic Party really the  party of the oppressed  and of  blacks and minorities ? Critics have accused the Democrat Party has been accused of cynically cultivating a  dependence class  whose main function for the party is to bring home the minority vote every few years.Were African-Americans better, or worse off   after eight years of a Democratic White House?US Senate candidate Derrick Grayson from the state of Georgia explains the actual racist roots of the Democratic Party in America, the tragic loss of Black American icons Martin Luther King and Malcolm X, and how the liberal left have successfully managed to use and manipulate minorities in America since the the FDR era.Watch this incredible impromptu piece to camera by an passionate Grayson: READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21975,Santilli Freed Under Plea Pact as Vegas Shooting Casts Shadow on Bundy Trial," LONG SHADOW: The wake of the recent mass tragedy in Las Vegas has overtaken various current events, including the Bundy Trial (Image: Mandalay Bay Hotel & Resort) By Mark Anderson The TRUTH HOUNDLAS VEGAS Although the ongoing Bundy trial in the U.S. District Court in Las Vegas, Nevada has had its share of dramatic changes, that s especially true lately.A major twist is that internet-radio personality Pete Santilli   one of seven defendants in the trial that had been set to begin with jury selection on Oct. 10th before it was delayed again  plead guilty (on Friday, Oct. 6) and was released pending sentencing,  confirmed his attorney, Chris Rasmussen of Las Vegas.Rancher Cliven Bundy held without trial for over 18 months.In that highly anticipated trial, with Santilli now excluded due to his plea, the federal government is trying elder rancher Cliven Bundy (image, left), his sons Ammon and Ryan, and  militia leader  Ryan Payne. Two other defendants, O. Scott Drexler and Eric Parker, who are being retried for a third time from earlier proceedings will join the others in this second of three planned trials.Another development affecting the trial is concern that the Oct. 1st mass shooting at Mandalay Bay Hotel might prevent the defendants from getting a fair shake. According to Ryan Payne s attorney, the Vegas shooting has the potential to bias jurors, and has asked that the trial be moved to Nevada s second largest city, Reno, located seven hours north of Las Vegas.But while moving the proceedings 450 miles away to Reno s federal court appears unlikely as of this writing, the Las Vegas federal court issued yet another delay in this complicated trial. Therefore, the previously announced Oct. 10 date for jury selection for the second trial will be changed to on, or around, Oct. 30th.And even that could be subject to change again, given the already bumpy track record of this multiple-defendant case   in which the federal government has had a hard time making its allegations stick.Only Gregory Burleson, who s wheelchair-bound and reportedly has developed blindness, has been sentenced   to 68 years, no less. He was convicted in the first trial that began in early February. A co-defendant in that trial, Todd Engel, is expected to be sentenced Dec. 22, though several other defendants have been cleared of numerous charges.SANTILLI S JOURNEYSantilli, who shot extended livestream video footage at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge building near Burns, Oregon, was held on remand for his role in that latter-2015, early-2016 affair.The controversial internet radio personality has had his share of critics, both in and out of the court room. Some critics alleged that his some of the  journalistic  coverage shot in Oregon enabled the government to more closely monitor the Bundys and their supporters who had peacefully occupied the abandoned building to protest onerous federal land controls and the unlawful arrest of the Hammonds, local ranchers who had fallen foul of federal agents from the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Others, however, felt his coverage would have provided a helpful account of events had federal agents decided to take the building by force. During the Oregon hearings, his defense attorney argued that much footage which he had broadcast on his YouTube channel should be considered as protected speech under the First Amendment.On the eve of last September s Oregon trial   Santilli had all charges dismissed against him.Although later cleared of Oregon-related charges, Santilli remained in federal custody and was transferred to Nevada to stand trial for his role in the famous spring 2014  standoff  at Bundy Ranch in Bunkerville, Nevada   an event that saw Cliven Bundy, his sons and other supporters gather to protest the policies of the BLM and other  agencies.Federal agents unsuccessfully attempted to confiscate Cliven s cattle over alleged claims that he owed significant federal grazing fees, and concerning a EPA court order over a contested environmental mitigation policy concerned the relocation of the Desert Tortoise. From the onset of the controversy, Cliven Bundy has maintained the federal government lacks jurisdiction in that part of southern Nevada and that the fees don t apply, citing legal and historical matters.Santilli: released before the trial.In Nevada, Santilli pleaded guilty to Count 2   a single felony count of obstruction of justice, based on the government s claim that he used his own vehicle to impede the movement of an approaching BLM convoy during the attempted cattle impoundment. Interestingly, during that incident, after the convoy stopped, federal agents and their guard dogs were then confronted by members of the Bundy family and their supporters. Santilli then filmed the altercation   including federal agents tasering Ammon Bundy, and posted it on YouTube, which went instantly viral, garnering nearly 1.5 million views in just a few days. The video was then syndicated on FOX News and other national outlets. Many had credited Santilli s original video entitled,  Ranch Riot as one of the key catalysts for the one thousand or so supporters and militia who then arrived at Bundy Ranch over the following 72 hours before the standoff on April 12, 2014.Like all the other defendants, he was initially charged with all 16 counts contained in the original federal complaint   which carried a potential maximum sentence of life in prison, upon conviction for all or most of those counts.Interestingly, Santilli s attorney, Mr. Rasmussen, motioned in court, and later told this writer, that the government may consider the prison time that Santilli has already served   behind bars since Jan. 26, 2016   as either sufficient punishment for that felony charge in a best-case scenario, or the court may at least consider giving him credit for that time served, even if he s given a longer sentence at his expected sentencing hearing on Jan. 11, 2018 at 8 a.m.PLEA BARGAIN DETAILSA reading of the plea agreement shows that the government reserves the right to impose a longer prison term, possibly six years, on Santilli.Also, Rasmussen noted that residing Judge Gloria Navarro is not bound by the agreement s recommendations, meaning she could choose to alter them when she sentences Santilli.Meanwhile, two pending defense motions   one to exclude Oregon-related evidence in the government s Nevada case against Santilli, and another to challenge the government s claim that Santilli could not excuse his Nevada actions because of his journalistic background   have become moot due to this plea bargain, Rasmussen added.The agreement s terms may raise the question of whether the other defendants  actions will be seen in a more negative light, given the fact that Santilli s guilty plea to the felony-obstruction charge requires   under penalty of perjury   that he accept the following government-sourced narrative as  true and correct. The maximum penalty for  Conspiracy to Impede or Injure a Federal Officer,  as this count against Santilli is formally named under 18 U.S.C.  372, is six years imprisonment, a fine of $250,000, or both.But in the shifting sands of these proceedings, the understanding at this juncture is that Santilli will owe neither a fine nor restitution, nor will there be forfeiture of his assets   provided he meets the terms of his release until he s sentenced. Although according to Rasmussen, Santilli will not be electronically monitored, despite speculation that he would be tagged.RETURNING TO INTERNET RADIONotably, Santilli, who is expected to return to his hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio, during the week starting Monday Oct. 16, will reportedly be allowed, at least for the time being, to resume broadcasting his news content.Asked if Santilli would be able to comment on the Bundy trial itself, Rasmussen replied in writing:  He can do whatever he wants as long as he s not committing crimes.  The First Amendment allows him to comment on anything unless it is threatening or inciting violence. Furthermore, attorney Rasmussen said that Santilli is under a  self-imposed  gag order, not a government-imposed one, meaning he has chosen not to talk to reporters.Also, Santilli will not testify against the other defendants and will not have to turn over his journalistic  work products,  but only  raw discovery  information from court proceedings. And the plea bargain stresses he must remain crime-free regarding federal, state and local laws and among other things must avoid any known association with anyone who s breaking any law. The plea agreement also restricts him from significant travel   initially only between southern Nevada and Cincinnati, Ohio.Nor can Santilli possess a gun or any other item deemed by the government as a weapon. Just failing to show up for a hearing or some other procedural matter, let alone larger infractions, could result in this deal being dissolved.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21976,Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting – Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard’s Media Silence,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFor the second time this week, Las Vegas police officials and the FBI have revised significant timeline details associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. What does this latest change mean?*Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. While abuse of any kind is abhorrent, you have to wonder why the Las Vegas massacre has seemingly been flushed out of the mainstream coverage so rapidly following a media frenzy collapse of a Hollywood insider.Over the past 24 hours, independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This story follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline, as accounts on social media also suggest that some from independent media were kept out of the latest Las Vegas press conference.SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldIncredibly, police and FBI have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting.UNSURE: Lombardo looks down in doubt as overseer FBI special agent Aaron Rouse keeps a watchful eye over the struggling Sheriff.Watch below as a noticeably agitated Las Vegas Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported when this story first broke.The Las Vegas Review Journal confirms: The sheriff said Monday that Stephen Paddock shot Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos at 9:59 p.m., about six minutes before the gunman turned his weapons on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd below his hotel suite. He previously reported Campos was shot after the attack on the concert crowd. Here s the latest LVMPD press conference concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting on October 13th One of the more disturbing aspects of the aftermath of the Las Vegas mass shooting has been the production of emotionally charged press conferences that have inundated viewers with endless canned talking points, constant revisions of timeline details and reversed statements   all serving to continually cloud the official story.Lombardo also lashed out at critics of the investigation: In the public space, the word  incompetence  has been brought forward,  he said.  And I am absolutely offended with that characterization.  (Review Journal)To the casual observer, you have to wonder why they haven t been able to keep a straight story. If the police are getting such basic elements of the story wrong   then the public has to ask: what else have they got wrong?This type of ritualized media grandstanding has become an almost mechanical hallmark following most large-scale  active shooter  and  first responder  events, as it usually dissolves into more of a media parade meant to convince the public of certain details of a crime   rather than address forensic anomalies which clearly don t add up.While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, it s possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as any new information may be introduced to steer those critical of the official story.Over the past 24 hours, reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This twist in the Las Vegas shooting has added another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21977,"Boiler Room EP #131 – Gender Fluid Scouts, Hollyweirdness & Eminem The Establishment Rapper","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side  Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One), Randy J and Fvnk$oul (ACR and 21Wire contributors) for the hundred and thirty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is examining the change in the Boy Scouts of America allowing girls into the club, Harvey Weinstein s perverted history in Hollywood, the potential ramifications of his being outed as a sexual predator who s been covered for by the mainstream media and leftist politicians for many years and giving a good beat down to rapper, Eminem, who foolishly decided to throw his rap stylings into the political realm and failed miserably.Direct Download Episode #131 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21978,The Las Vegas Mass Shooting – More to the Story Than We’ve Been Told,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAlthough many are still stunned in the aftermath of the Route 91 Festival tragedy   a series of  unanswered questions persist following what has been described by media as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear.  MANDALAY MAYHEM    There s been a host of unexplained anomalies in the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino shooting massacre. (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The Imprint of Mass TragedyThe recent mass shooting involving the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, marks the return of heavily politicized mass shootings in America. Although America has seen a host of smaller, less sensationalized mass shootings throughout the course of 2017, including the bizarre Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting, this latest high-profile calamity has resuscitated the trauma inducing imagery so prevalent in the post-9/11 War On Terror era. Likewise, because its unlikely aspects, combined with the sheer spectacle of the drama   one might surmise that this Las Vegas event is akin to something like  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings. Over the past several years, 21WIRE has chronicled many bizarre shootings and mass casualty incidents that have rippled across America and Europe. These events have become a new kind of ritualized  crimescape  that has injected the masses with a host of socio-political concerns over race, religion, gun reform and security, while obscuring and obfuscating the forensic reality of the crimes themselves.As we ve stated before, all too often there s a heavy emphasis on the theatrical stage-like persona of any alleged attacker or killer being touted as hard evidence. This aspect of the narrative also clouds the alleged modis operandi and can later be presented in sensationalized media as circumstantial evidence of an apparent crime, despite the fact any so-called evidence would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without an ultimate conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.The Las Vegas mass shooting story appears to be no exception .It s been over a week after one America s largest mass shootings, and we have yet to see any CCTV footage of the alleged killer s  sniper s nest  or his whereabouts leading up to the tragedy, as he moved in and around Las Vegas. We re told the alleged shooter outfitted cameras around his hotel room and door, a room supposedly filled to the brim with a military arsenal. As the investigation continues to simmer, confusion over major parts of the official story, has led to powder keg of pressure that has resulted in heavy criticism from members of the public and new independent media alike.QUESTION: Why would hotel staff not be alerted to the mounting of cameras and the massive amount of gear being brought to the room prior to the shooting massacre and why is there no footage of the apparent shooter using the freight elevator as is now claimed?UPDATE: Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting   Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard s Media SilenceIn this report we will attempt to address some of the main questions and unlikely coincidences surrounding the Las Vegas shooting. We re told that this tragic shooting attack was carried out by one individual without a criminal past  but is there more to the story?  ROOM WITH A VIEW    Mystery shrouds the Las Vegas shooting   why is there no eye-witness testimony from guests on the 32nd floor? (Image Source: twitter)Shooting Timeline RevisedFollowing a brand new press conference this week, Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo revealed a complete change in the official timeline of the October 1st Las Vegas mass shooting.The LA Times explains the major chasm in the official narrative: In a timeline released last week, investigators said Paddock had stopped firing at the concert across the street at 10:15 p.m., and the first police officers arrived on the floor at 10:17 p.m. and encountered the wounded Campos at 10:18 p.m., who directed the officers to Paddock s suite.Police were not in a hurry to enter Paddock s suite because the security guard s arrival had halted the shooting, police implied in previously describing the timeline. Paddock had killed himself by the time officers entered the room, they said.In a news conference Wednesday, Lombardo said it was his  assumption  that Paddock stopped his shooting spree because the gunman, using his spy cameras,  observed the security guard, and he was in fear that he was about to be breached, so he was doing everything possible to figure out how to escape at that point. All of this has transpired as media reports now state that Stephen Paddock first checked into the Mandalay Bay hotel room 135 on September 25th, not the 28th as previously reported by the police and FBI. You have to wonder what happened over those 72 hours leading up to one of America s deadliest mass shootings, as well as question the shift in details concerning the hotel check-in date.QUESTION: Why have authorities misled the public about the Las Vegas shooting timeline   and why did it take a so long to breach the hotel suite after police knew much earlier that a shooting had taken place inside the hotel?The updated timeline is a major shift in the official story, as it raises questions about why law enforcement took so long to respond to the shooter s hotel room. Furthermore, it exposes the Mandalay Bay security guard s heroic back story which suggested he stopped the shooter from continuing his shooting massacre. In the early days of this investigation this part of the story was gleefully parroted by mainstream media.According to authorities, the Mandalay Bay hotel security guard Jesus Campos  was alone and unarmed  when he discovered the purported shooter, facing some 200 rounds in the process, somehow surviving the massive gunfire with a minor leg injury. Based on the amount reported gunfire, the public would have likely seen heavy damage inside the hotel hallway and outside the suite in at least several areas of the 32nd floor, not to mention there would also be additional witnesses within earshot of the shooting. This is something that would have resulted in multiple 911 calls to police.The new report concerning Campos and the shooting timeline, now puts Las Vegas officials in the hot seat, as they now have no known reason why the alleged shooter would have stopped his rampage.Not only do these new details challenge police response time but the very nature of how the shooting started, a stark contrast to police and FBI press conference details from the beginning of this investigation. Another major aspect is the 6 minute time frame Mandalay Bay recognized a shooting occurring inside their hotel prior to the concert mass shooting. Speculation and confusion has enveloped the Campos story, as mainstream reports now state there s an armed private security guard outside of the Mandalay Bay security guard s home following the Las Vegas shooting.Interestingly, the Mandalay Bay security guard who was previously hailed as a hero, remains completely absent from any TV interviews.*Update*  New reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This new twist in the Las Vegas shooting adds another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. QUESTION: What s the real story behind the main eye-witness in this case?*Update* Independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline.Amazingly, police have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting. A noticeably agitated Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported.Interestingly, according to a published article at the LA Times this week, a Mandalay Bay spokeswoman appeared to challenge elements of this latest Las Vegas shooting timeline but did not elaborate: A spokeswoman for the company that owns Mandalay Bay seemed to dispute the police timeline given to The Times on Tuesday but did not explain why.This remains an ongoing investigation with a lot of moving parts. As evidenced by law enforcement briefings over the past week, many facts are still unverified and continue to change as events are under review, MGM Resorts International spokeswoman Debra DeShong said in a statement.  We cannot be certain about the most recent timeline that has been communicated publicly, and we believe what is currently being expressed may not be accurate.DeShong added,  It is not appropriate for us to comment further at this time on what remains an open matter for law enforcement. Here s a look at Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo giving an emotive and evasive press conference on October 9th as FBI agent Aaron Rouse looms in the background Days ago, after several online theories emerged suggesting the possibility that multiple shooters were involved in the Las Vegas shooting, Lombardo entertained the idea that Paddock may not have been alone in the hotel suite. Since then he s updated this theory after the October 9th press conference stating that there was  no second shooter.  This follows a week of shifting narratives, red herrings and misinformation, as its now stated police do not believe anyone else entered Paddock s hotel suite.In spite of the new change to the timeline, Clark County Assistant Sheriff Tom Roberts maintains that  the hotel dispatched its own armed security team to the 32nd floor, which arrived  right around the same time  as Las Vegas police, who officials have said arrived on the floor at 10:17 p.m. But the gunman had already fired his final shots out his hotel window at 10:15 p.m. It s important to note, at 10:12pm or 10:13 pm, an officer on the 31st floor reported hearing  fully automatic  gunfire one floor above him.By 10:24 pm authorities located Paddock s hotel suite with SWAT and remained outside the suspected gunman s room. Interestingly, at 10:28 pm reports state there may have been a second gunman on the 29th floor but this was later believed to be an  erroneous  account according law enforcement.At 11:20 pm, police explode the suspected gunman s door, locating a body on the floor supposedly dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.Based on Roberts claim above, there would have been a full 56 minutes before the hotel suite breach was said to taken place.QUESTION: Will there be additional revisions in the official timeline to come   as this story continues to go sideways?Here s a screen shot of the first official timeline of the shooting in the first 24-48 hours after the incident. You have to wonder why the story has been altered so dramatically since then Today reported the following updated information concerning the Las Vegas shooting. Watch as Today interviews a second eye-witness in the case: Stephen Schuck was one of the first people to encounter Paddock when he went to check out a faulty fire exit door on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay and Casino on Oct. 1, according to a new timeline of events. I was about a third of the way down the hallway and I started to hear shots go off,  he told TODAY in an exclusive interview Wednesday.Schuck then saw hotel security guard, Jesus Campos, stick out his head from a doorway.He yelled at me to take cover, and as soon as I started to go to a door to my left, the rounds started coming down the hallway,  Shuck said.  I could feel them pass right behind my head. Something hit me in the back and I took cover. I tried to think, how I could get to Jesus because I could that see he was shot in the leg, and I just told myself, wait for him, he s going to have to stop shooting some time. It was kind of relentless. According to reports, Schuck  calmly  called police over his radio following the apparent start of the mass shooting.Here s Today s Matt Lauer interviewing the second hotel eye-witness, Mandalay Bay hotel maintenance man Stephen Schuck As a barrage of media speculation continues in any high-profile case, a series of formulaic polarizing political points become an echo chamber in its tragic aftermath. This is something that rapidly descends into wild speculation which only serves to magnify any emotionally driven aspect that might later be presented as a definitive motive to carry out a crime. Very often, we ve seen the discovery of a seemingly ready-made manifesto, laundry list of hateful rhetoric or collected material from an alleged killer retained as ironclad proof of a crime. However, current analysis of the alleged Mandalay Bay shooter has failed to yield any such results, in spite of a chorus of overzealous and misinformed reportage from both mainstream media and alternative media there has not been any concrete material linked to Paddock thus far.It should be mentioned that there have been a bevy of accusations suggesting various political and terror affiliations from certain alternative media circles, as mainstream media continues to float the idea that Paddock may have been radicalized, due to evidence revealing a series of cruises taken to the Middle East in recent years by the alleged Las Vegas shooter. But so far these claims remain unconfirmed by authorities.Time will tell if this line of conjecture is perhaps a red-herring meant to corral and ensnare the public by way of an overtly politicized emotional appeal.In cases such as the Las Vegas shooting, one should be careful to not jump to any conclusions, as we ve reached the slow drip phase by which information is being conveyed by authorities and media. While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, its possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as new information may be introduced to steer critics of the official story.It is ironic that the investigation into the Las Vegas shooting, one of the largest mass shootings in the history of America, has been an eerie absence of conclusive evidence concerning a number of details.Below is an inside look at the reported hotel suite that appears oddly intact considering the massive amount of gunfire said to have taken place inside on the 32nd floor area Adding to that, there was a delayed release concerning a mysterious document left on a table near the alleged killer s body that contained only numbers and no letters   this was something that introduced a cryptic backdrop into the compelling crime scene. The suspicious nature of the document then became a  psychic driver  to increase speculation while introducing another unexplained element from the crime scene.The whole circumstance took on a theatricality that could push the viewer out of a critical investigative mode and into a partially synthetic frame of thinking regarding the murky contents of the alleged communiqu .Over this past week, reports suggested that the document at the scene may have contained calculations used by the shooter for maximum firearm accuracy. On the surface, this would appear to lend itself to the official story but in reality all it does is lead to more questions, as contradictory claims over exactly how the dramatic shooting occurred would also seem to contradict analysis of ballistics, as the amount of victims wounded or killed would most likely have been far more significant if the shooting was based on sniper-like calculations that may have made use of hundreds to thousands of either .223 or 308 caliber rounds   not to mention the possibility of a belt-fed machine gun scenario using other caliber rounds.In recent years, 21WIRE has documented that frequently there is much more involved behind-the-scenes when it comes to high-profile attacks in America, particularly of those said to be  lone wolf  variety. The incidents themselves are quickly taken out of the forensic realm despite early police reportage, eye-witness testimony or statistic improbability. In this way, the narrative gives way to a hyper-realized account that defies logic and reason.Other recent reports reveal that the well-known casino mogul Steve Wynn, self serving or not, has shed light on the particular protocol carried out by casino employees. Below is a passage from the NY Post on this aspect of the story: Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn suggested Sunday that Stephen Paddock would have set off alarm bells at his properties had he tried launching his mass murder from one of them.Wynn, after whom the glitzy Wynn Las Vegas on the Strip is named, said his housekeeping staff is trained to do a visual inspection any time they enter a room, adding that a  Do Not Disturb  sign on a door for longer than 12 hours is investigated. The scenario that we re aware of would have indicated that [Paddock] didn t let anyone in the room for two or three days,  Wynn told  Fox News Sunday.   That would have triggered a whole bunch of alarms here. Below is the scanner audio shortly after the crime was reported to police Moreover, many conspiratorial claims that have yet to still be fully explained or even be appropriately addressed by authorities have exploded on the internet. This has led to a growing speculation that has only deepened the mystery behind this America s latest mass tragedy. As authorities have yet to uncover a clear motive for the crime, police scanner audio, along with eye-witness testimony, has suggested that multiple shooters may have been at the scene.The amount of independent examination regarding this case thus far is fairly staggering and in the wake of any multilayered event, one must proceed with caution when reviewing the available evidence, as the doorway for a  trial by media  frenzy in both mainstream media and alternative media could be used to derail sincere analysis.Although the scanner audio is chaotic, the police dispatch communication appears to reveal some startling information contradicting the official story surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting. While any event contains its share of confusion, the specific acknowledgement of an apparent active shooter or shooters within the fairgrounds of the concert venue, point to a deeper more complex methodology used to carry out the attack. Rather intriguingly, the scandal plagued NY Times published sections of these scanner recordings for public inspection, which could be an attempt by mainstream media to diminish or control any information regarding potential multiple shooters.In spite of ongoing media meddling, there s been some compelling accounts suggesting that there may have been gunfire from multiple locations by law enforcement and citizens alike. While the authenticity of these claims could be a matter of debate, these unexplained accounts have been larger ignored by mainstream media.*WARNING*   Graphic content in the video below.Here s a forensic analysis from YouTube user Genesis CNC investigating the auditory anomalies at the Las Vegas shooting Below is episode #205 of the Sunday Wire, listen as ACR s Hesher, Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis and myself, discuss larger historical themes concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting, while taking a look at the available ballistic evidence, as well as exploring the possibility of multiple shooters and other strange anomalies surrounding the case Listen to  Episode #205   SUNDAY WIRE:  Dirty Vegas  with Jay Dyer, Hesher & Shawn Helton  on Spreaker.Other questions have emerged regarding the absence of witness accounts from anyone who stayed on the 32nd floor, although there s been some testimony from other floors of the hotel, the citizen analysis below raises a few interesting points Let s look even further into one of America s deadliest mass shootings   DEAD MAN S HAND    The purported Mandalay Bay Shooter 64 year-old Stephen Paddock. Reports have made a vague mention of prescription medication    look for this to be a focal point when this story is revisited by mainstream media.   (Image Source: kbc.co.ke)The Las Vegas Shooter?On October 1st, authorities revealed that 64 year-old Stephen Paddock was the suspected gunman in the Las Vegas mass shooting that claimed the lives of at least 58 people and injured as many as 527 (later downgraded to 489) at an outside concert venue on the strip. The alleged  lone wolf  assailant apparently fired down from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel at concert goers nearly 400 yards away at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival while Jason Aldean performed his headlining set on the final night of the event. Additional media coverage has suggested that the number of those said to be initially injured had decreased by at least twenty victims due to  double counting  at nearby local hospitals by October 3rd.We ve been told the apparently well-to-do Paddock, a well-known high stakes gambler among Las Vegas casinos, had been an accountant who was a hunting enthusiast and a licensed pilot who had at least two planes and a boat, in a life filled with luxury cruise vacations.  ABOVE VIEW    This image displays the distance of the entire crime scene. Reports have also revealed that at the hotel crime scene, Paddock was supposedly equipped with at least 23 weapons, including two tripods used to shoot out of two different windows from inside his two-room hotel suite. In addition, the LVMPD suggests Paddock loaded  in excess of 10  suitcases up to his room in the days leading up to the Route 91 concert. A raid on Paddock s properties put the overall firearm total at 47 guns, as law enforcement also recovered a large amount of explosive material from inside his vehicle at the resort hotel. Incidentally, its worth mentioning in a week where FBI combed through one of Paddock s properties in Reno, there was a reported break-in.NOTE   Reports of Paddock scouting other locations prior to the apparent shooting, takes public attention away from the lack of CCTV footage, the shaky timeline details and the lack of motive in the Las Vegas mass shooting crime Rather intriguingly, Paddock is stated to have previously been an internal auditor for the predecessor company of Lockheed Martin during the mid 1980 s. Lockheed Martin is of course among the world s largest defense contracting companies and has been tied to other high-profile American mysteries such as the JonBen t Ramsey case. The defense contracting and intel linked giant has not disclosed exactly which predecessor employed Paddock but the Maryland-based defense contractor was formed during the merger of Lockheed Corporation and Martin Marietta in 1995.The discovery of Paddock s employment history and his personal wealth has added confusion to the high stakes shock and awe shooting event that took place in Las Vegas this week.Official reports also state that Paddock was the owner of a residence some 80 miles outside of Las Vegas in Mesquite, Nevada. In addition to that, according to public records, he appeared live at an apartment complex he owned in Mesquite, Texas, while residing at a retirement community in Reno with his girlfriend 62 year-old Marilou Danley. All in all, according media, the apparent  multimillionaire  Paddock, lived a transitory life, supposedly having some 27 different residences throughout the US.According to additional media reports, The 64-year-old s friends and family said they never suspected Paddock of planning a shooting, and Las Vegas police said he was not on their radar prior to him committing the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Continuing, reports also state that  He [Paddock] also worked as a letter carrier for the US Postal Service in the  70s, as an IRS agent from 1978 to 1984, adding to the obtuse profile of the suspected lone gunman.On a strange note, the Las Vegas shooting story seemed to echo elements of a shooting that took place at a hotel and casino in the Philippine capital, Manila in June of 2017. What are the chances of this very odd coincidence?  WORLD TRAVELER  -Paddock on an overseas trip believed to be the Philippines in April of 2013. (Image Source: ghananews)As the media stylized profile of Paddock and those around him has grown, the FBI, police and media diverted the public s attention to Danley, Paddock s girlfriend, a former casino hostess who was supposedly out of the country in the Philippines at the time of the Mandalay Bay shooting. Danley s trip was paid for by Paddock, who is stated to have also wired $127,000 to her family reportedly to buy a home.Adding to the concern of wired funds, intense scrutiny surrounded a suspicious claim that a mysterious woman allegedly gave a dire warning to concert goers some 45 minutes before the last night of the Route 91 Festival. The overlapping narratives were said not to be related according to police, nevertheless the two different aspects were conflated, prompting Danley to be named a  person of interest  who was then flown back to the US for additional FBI questioning. Interestingly, some critics have questioned the validity of the warning prior to the concert due to the nature of the televised interview.The search for Danley s whereabouts prior to the Las Vegas shooting spanned some seven countries dating back to mid September and according to neighbors, she hadn t been seen since August.Here s a passage from CNN that revealed the following details: Danley, 62, who travels on an Australian passport, arrived in the Philippines from Tokyo on September 15, then left for Hong Kong on September 22 and flew back to the Philippines on September 25, said Maria Antoinette Mangrobang, a spokeswoman for the Philippine Bureau of Immigration. The confusing dynamic prompted Danley and her attorneys to later issue a statement claiming she had no prior knowledge of the mass shooting.On October 10th, CBS news reported the following: CBS News senior investigative producer Pat Milton reports authorities were continuing to comb through Paddock s electronic devices   including a laptop and cellphone   at the FBI crime lab in Quantico, Virginia. So far, none of the devices point to a motive for the shooting rampage. This added to new details suggesting Paddock s vague use of a freight elevator, something according top casino owner Steve Wynn, wouldn t have happened at his property.Here s a second interview with Eric Paddock, the alleged shooter s brother, who creates his own theory as to how Paddock may have gotten weapons up to the Mandalay Bay suite. Watch and listen to his baffling interview with media Other background information revealed that Patrick Benjamin Paddock (left photo), Paddock s father, was apparently arrested in 1961 for robbing a Valley National Bank in Phoenix in 1960   something which later landed the elder Paddock on the FBI s most wanted list after escaping a 20-year prison term at Federal Correctional Institution at La Tuna, Texas. In 1978, Patrick Paddock was arrested in Oregon where he was running a bingo parlor under assumed identity Bruce Werner Ericksen.The crystallization of Paddock s surreal and hard to believe ancestral lineage creates a criminal hall of mirrors all the way from the mind bending counter-culture of the 1960 s to today s Las Vegas mass shooting.Very often with hyper-real crimes, there s a stark portrait that emerges regarding any suspected killer and in the case of Paddock this was no exception. The man named as the Mandalay Bay shooter had no previous criminal record and was described as a quiet, generous man by family members and one alleged neighbor, as other media reports painted the apparent killer as someone who may have had trouble controlling his behavior, even suggesting he may have had an abusive personality in the past.However, what seems to be missing in most of these cases, is a more balanced psychological profile of these  solo actors,  as there is usually an incomplete picture that makes little to no sense at all after only a handful of people who knew the purported murderer speak with media. Furthermore, you have to wonder why years of business associates and more acquaintances and friends have not come forward with any additional information.Additionally, there have other suspicious sidebars concerning the Las Vegas shooting. One such story was posted on the message board and popular hacker hangout site, 4chan. The story in question was also discussed on Reddit, and was a near carbon copy of the story that transpired prior to the Oregon shooting at UCC.Here s a passage from a 21WIRE report regarding the October 1st, 2015 UCC shooting which was exactly two years to the day of the Las Vegas mass shooting:As evidence of advanced knowledge of the Oregon shooting event surfaced on 4chan, many have become concerned and even suspicious of the claims. The following is passage is from Salon.com that discusses the suspicious alert prior to the UCC campus shooting: Federal officials announced they were investigating a recent 4chan exchange that appeared to predict the rampage. In a cryptic post on the /r9k board on Wednesday, an anonymous poster with an image of Pepe the Frog holding a gun reportedly posted,  Some of you guys are alright. Don t go to school tomorrow if you are in the northwest. happening thread will be posted tomorrow morning. so long space robots. 4chan has been rife with controversy since its inception, as some critics think it may indeed be a limited hangout for the intelligence community. And due to the suspect nature of the website, a bevy of internet researchers have questioned the highly orchestrated law enforcement response in the aftermath of the UCC shooting via the apparent 4chan warning.A more recent 4chan post seemed to propel additional misinformation regarding nature of the shooting.During this same time, SITE Intelligence injected an  ISIS meme  into this event without revealing any solid evidence. This then prompted an apparent  official  statement that echoed those dubious claims from ISIS. So far, these claims linger though they ve failed to produce any connection to ISIS.As we ve noted numerous times here at 21WIRE, the intelligence monitoring group called SITE, has ties to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. The group has also had ethical concerns raised over the nature of their intel gathering in the last decade and according to the group s founder, Rita Katz they ve managed to release terror related material linked to ISIS prior to the group itself.Kip Herriage a former financial advisor and venture capitalist from Wall Street published a report examining suspicious trading involving MGM on a sister site linked to his website Virtual Research Advisory. The startling passage below suggests that there was an excessive amount of shares sold off by MGM CEO/Chairman in the weeks leading up to the Las Vegas shooting.We at 21WIRE cannot verify all of Herriage s claims but given his background and pedigree, this post should be reviewed for further consideration, as it appears to be another strange element revealed in the aftermath of the Las Vegas massacre: We will examine the share price movements of two gun manufacturers (American Outdoor Brands and Sturm Ruger) and the share price movement of MGM (which owns Mandalay Bay). We will also examine additional financial events surrounding MGM, including what can only be referred to as massive levels of insider selling in the shares of MGM, by the CEO/Chairman and MGM officers/directors. As you ll see, more than $200 million in MGM shares were sold in the weeks leading up to the attack. On October 2nd, there were reports that shares for Las Vegas casinos took a significant fall after the October 1st shooting.CNBC disclosed those details: MGM Resorts International, which owns the Mandalay Bay hotel near where the shooting occurred, fell 5.6 percent Monday. Wynn Resortsslipped 1.2 percent. Las Vegas Sands fell as much as 2.1 percent before closing higher.   LIVE DRILL    Las Vegas has been at the forefront of active shooter training. ( Image Source: sinclairstoryline)Las Vegas Active Shooter Drills Back in 2014, during another high-profile Las Vegas shooting, 21WIRE revealed that Nevada officials sought to increase their budget to thwart potential terror related activity, according to KoloTV in Las Vegas: Nevada s Homeland Security Commission on Thursday approved a grant allocation plan that will increase funding for the region s fusion center to nearly $1.1 million, up from $750,000 this year.The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports Las Vegas was ranked too low on a threat assessment list to receive federal funding in the current federal budget, a move that brought swift criticism from Nevada officials.For the coming fiscal year that begins Oct. 1, Las Vegas will receive $950,000 in the special funding. That s on top of statewide counter terrorism funding totaling $3.5 million. Later it was learned that funds were said to have been allocated for 20 additional ongoing programs throughout the state.The Las Vegas Review-Journal revealed the city s longtime practice of active shooter scenarios started in 2009 in the wake of a series suspicious intelligence linked attacks in Mumbai, India. Emergency responders in Las Vegas have spent years training to respond to a mass casualty event such as Sunday night s massacre, officials said Thursday.We knew what to do,  Clark County Fire Department Chief Greg Cassell told reporters.  It was much grander than we ever envisioned. However, we were able to handle it because of our people, our training, our professionalism and our equipment and our relationships. The report continued, with a focus on specific locations for shooter drills: Our job is to work with all first responding agencies and coordinate a response,  Clarkson said.After the plan was developed, emergency responders ran drills at hospitals, hotels, schools and malls. Because that s where historically these things are taking place,  Cassell said. Here s footage of a Las Vegas Active shooter drill taking place at City Hall in August of 2016 Interestingly, the night of the Las Vegas shooting there have been other claims surrounding additional information concerning active shooter related activity, which could support other theories and suspicious activity said to have taken place the same night as the tragic events unfolded at the Route 91 Festival.COINTELPRO, Gangs and Counter-gangs Some questions have emerged from the ether of the internet concerning the FBI and the Las Vegas shooting.Over the past several years, the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots. QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any or intelligence agency played some part in the Las Vegas massacre   whether inadvertently or otherwise?In the search for answers regarding the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies that have come into question, there s none perhaps more dubious than the Newburgh FBI sting that resulted in the entrapment four men who participated in a fabricated event created by the bureau.Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how a FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Following the 1993 WTC bombing, the FBI was revealed to have been  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the bomb plot.Domestically in America, it has been well documented that the FBI created a counter-intelligence program known as COINTELPRO, not only as a way to influence, but also a way to disrupt and coerce political factions from the inside out. The FBI program infiltrated countless groups and movements across the political spectrum.According to reports these groups included but were not limited to the following,  The Black Panther Party, The Communist Party of America, the Ku Klux Klan, the Socialist Workers Party, the New Left, the Students for a Democratic Society, the American Indian Movement, the Chicano Movement, the Puerto Rican Liberation Movement, Communist groups, anti-war organizations, Hollywood stars sympathetic to these groups, and civil rights leaders. On March 8th 1971,  secret files  from the FBI office in Media, Pennsylvania, were allegedly stolen and subsequently released to media organizations, revealing for the first time the scope of the FBI s domestic spying and infiltration on political and protest groups in America. After two months of planning, a group calling themselves  The Citizens  Commission to Investigate the FBI,  decided to break-in to a small town FBI office the same night as the first historic bout between heavyweight boxers Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden.Some of the Citizens  Commission members involved in the Media office burglary were never revealed and rather strangely, the case was never solved   even though 200 FBI agents had worked the case. In fact,  there were no alarms, surveillance cameras, or locks on most of the filing cabinets,  at the FBI office in Media.The courts later ordered the FBI to reveal part of their counterintelligence program, disclosing six operations run by FBI field offices throughout the country. The documents also revealed a specific emphasis to funnel covert aid to White Hate Groups, from 1964-71, that largely diverted those funds to the KKK, as long as they choose COINTEL PRO targets. Similarly, FBI efforts to infiltrate New Left groups and the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) fixating on ant-war, student and feminist causes.Between 1956 and 1971 the FBI s controversial program influenced and radicalized hundreds of left-wing and right-wing groups to control and neutralize political dissidents across America.Also throughout the 1960 s and the 1970 s the CIA s Operation CHAOS collected substantial amounts of information on domestic dissidents from 1967 to 1973, as admitted by the CIA. The secretive intelligence operation was also related to the overseas Phoenix Program (Operation Phoenix) which was used in Vietnam to tear apart the political infrastructure through the use of informants, agent provocateurs, and targeted assassinations.Interestingly though, the prototype for modern deep state intelligence programs goes back to the formation of the Office of the Coordinator of Information (COI) an intelligence propaganda agency in 1941 that was succeeded by Office of Strategic Services (OSS) a wartime intelligence apparatus created in 1942 that focused on psychological warfare. OSS agents also worked closely with  British Security Coordination (BSC).Similarly, on a global scale, NATO s paramilitary-style stay-behind-armies were said to have comprised Operation GLADIO. The origins of GLADIO have been well documented and the secretive counterintelligence operation has been linked to a wave of right-wing  false flag  terror attacks across Europe throughout the 1950 s into the 1980 s. The anti-communist organizational designs were directly connected to that of the CIA and MI6 in particular, with the US and British special forces reportedly facilitating the training.From this, we can view global operations like GLADIO in addition to the post-9/11  War On Terror  security surge as a form of  power politics  used to aggressively influence the foreign policy of other nations through the use of covert militarization.Below Dr. Daniele Ganser discusses his seminal 2005 book (above left photo), NATO s Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe. Ganser asserts that covert armies were used to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era  strategy of tension Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on  known wolf  actors involved in many attacks on Western soil, here s another look at other suspicious intelligence informant and terror cases that have held that distinction over the years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here)Following America s previous most deadly mass shooting in Orlando were reports revealing that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that  FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE previously uncovered suspicious elements in the cartoon event in Garland back when it happened.QUESTION: Could this have been this case in the Las Vegas shooting, or was something else at play?Shortly after the Pulse nightclub shooting attack in Orlando, it was revealed that the suspected gunman Omar Mateen had been attending services at a Mosque, meeting with a known FBI informant named Marcus Dwayne Robertson (see left   also played role in 1993 WTC bombing). Robertson was a former US Marine turned bank robber turned radical imam. Here s this passage from Fox News describing Robertson s role in backdrop of the Orlando shooting saga: It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando,  said a law enforcement source familiar with Robertson s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence. Mateen was enrolled in [Robertson s online] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary.Robertson and several associates were rounded up for questioning early Sunday, according to law enforcement sources, a development his attorney refused to confirm or deny. Back in June of 2016, here at 21WIRE, we discussed how the most important aspect of the FBI supplied 911 transcript had gone virtually unnoticed   as there was nothing in the contents of the transcript that discussed an actual shooting occurring inside of the Pulse nightclub.While the report was a basic outline  America s largest mass shooting  at the time, it failed to account for any of the shootings said to have occurred within the interior of Pulse. There was no mention of bar patrons being shot or reportedly shot at in the FBI s official narrative. It s as if the mainstream media and authorities left out the biggest piece of the investigation, as the implications of who shot who and when are extremely significant forensically speaking.Even though the circumstances are different in Las Vegas and in the case of Orlando, in both events, law enforcement struggled to piece together a timeline, quickly followed by a series of revisions in the official story.Strange Profile, Strange Coincidence?As mainstream media and police dance around certain details that may or may not be associated with the man said to be responsible for the Las Vegas mass shooting, a mixture of raw public analysis, military expertise and online investigative work has shed light on a compelling case that could be discussed for sometime.Here s an interesting section from an article about two Twin Cities professors that are studying the psychological patterns of mass shootings. Here s a passage from a recent MPR news report that suggests that Paddock s killer profile is very unusual when compared with more than hundred case entries: Jillian Peterson, a Hamline University assistant professor of criminology and criminal justice, and James Densley, an associate professor of criminal justice at Metropolitan State University, hope to better understand why mass shootings happen and identify ways to prevent them.This shooter is a little different, compared to the data we have,  said Peterson, a forensic psychologist.  He s significantly older than average, the average age is mid-30s. Social media presence is also something we usually see, some sort of radicalization on social media or wanting to go viral on social media. In this case the shooter was not active on social media, didn t seem to have any social media accounts. While some have attempted to make sense of the Las Vegas shooting tragedy, there are reports of a heavy revamp of security in the hospitality industry through the use of gunfire detection systems, X-ray, body scanners and facial recognition in the wake of this confusing, if not partly manufactured event.The concept of a lone wolf killer in today s world has reprogrammed the public mind just as the serial killer phenomenon did decades ago. This new fear-based saga has ushered in improbable Hollywood-style scenarios, inducing a frozen apathy across the masses   rather than looking deeply at crime scene forensics or pour over piles of collected data, these Daily Shooter crimes hold the public psyche hostage until the next unexplained mass tragedy.Undoubtedly, modern America s most deadliest mass shooting has left a number of questions in its wake.*** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.SEE ALSO: Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting   Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard s Media SilenceREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21979,US Gov’t War on RT: Imperial Media ‘Truth’ Monopoly Threatens Press Diversity,"TAKING THE MICKEY: RT UK billboard campaign on London Underground pokes fun at US-led Russiagate campaign of hysteria.Philip Giraldi Unz ReviewSomehow everything keeps coming back around to Russia. In one of its recent initiatives, the Justice Department (DOJ) appears to be attacking the First Amendment as part of the apparent bipartisan program to make Vladimir Putin the fall guy for everything that goes wrong in Washington. In the past month, the DOJ has revealed that the FBI is investigating Russian owned news outlets Sputnik News and RT International and has sent letters to the latter demanding that one of its business affiliates register as a foreign agent by October 17th. The apparent line of inquiry that the Bureau is pursuing is that both are agencies of the Russian government and that both have been spreading disinformation that is intended to discredit the United States government and its institutions. This alleged action would make them, in the DOJ view, a propaganda arm of a foreign government rather than a news service. It also makes them subject to Department of the Treasury oversight under the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938.Sputnik, which is owned by a Russian government media group headed by Putin consigliere Dimitri Kiselyov, has been under investigation due to the accusations made by a fired broadcaster named Andrew Feinberg. Feinberg, the former Sputnik White House correspondent, reportedly took with him a thumb drive containing some thousands of internal business files when he left his office. He has been interviewed by the FBI, has turned over his documents, and has claimed that much of the direction over what the network covered came from Moscow.RT America, more television oriented than Sputnik, operates through two business entities: RTTV America and RTTV Studios. The Department of Justice has refused to identify which of the businesses has been targeted by a letter calling for registration under FARA, but it is believed to be RTTV America, which provides both operational support of the broadcasting as well as the production facilities. Both companies are actually owned by Russian-American businessman Alex Yazlovsky, though the funding for them presumably comes from the Russian government.I have noticed very little pushback in the U.S. mainstream and alternative media regarding the Department of Justice moves, presumably because there is a broad consensus that the Russians have been interfering in our  democracy  and have had it coming. If that assumption on my part is correct, the silence over the issue reflects a certain na vete while also constituting a near perfect example of a pervasive tunnel vision that obscures the significant collateral damage that might be forthcoming.News organizations are normally considered to be exempt from the requirements of FARA. The Department of Justice action against the two Russian major media outlets is unprecedented insofar as I could determine. Even Qatar owned al-Jazeera, which was so vilified during the early stages of the Afghan War that it had its Kabul offices bombed by the U.S., did not have to register under FARA, was permitted to operate freely, and was even allowed to buy a television channel license for its American operations.The DOJ is in effect saying that RT and Sputnik are nothing more than propaganda organs and do not qualify as journalism. I would have to disagree if one goes by the standards of contemporary journalism in the United States. America s self-described  newspapers of record  the New York Times and the Washington Post pretend that they have a lock on stories that are  true.  The Post has adopted the slogan  Democracy Dies in Darkness  while the Times proclaims  The truth is more important now than ever,  but anyone who has read either paper regularly for the past year knows perfectly well that they have been as often as not leading propaganda organs for Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party, pushing a particular agenda and denigrating Donald Trump. They differ little from the admittedly biased television news reporting provided by Fox News and MSNBC.What exactly did the Russians do? According to last January s report signed off on by the FBI, CIA and NSA, which may have motivated the DOJ to take action, RT and Sputnik  consistently cast President-elect Trump as the target of unfair coverage from traditional U.S. media outlets that they claimed were subservient to a corrupt political establishment.  Well, they certainly got that one right and did better in their reporting of what was going on among the American public than either the Washington Post or New York Times.Regarding Sputnik, Feinberg claimed inter alia that he was  pushed  to ask questions at White House press briefings suggesting that Syria s Bashar al-Assad was not responsible for some of the chemical attacks that had taken place. One wonders at Feinberg s reluctance as Sputnik and RT were not the only ones expressing skepticism over the claims of Syrian involvement, which have been widely debunked. And why is expressing a credible alternative view on an event in Syria even regarded as propaganda damaging to the American public?There is a difficult to distinguish line between FARA restricted  trying to influence opinion  using what is regarded a fake news and propaganda and legitimate journalism reporting stories where the  facts  have been challenged. Even real journalists choose to cover stories selectively, inevitably producing a certain narrative for the viewer, listener or reader. All news services do that to a greater or lesser extent.I have considerable personal experience of RT in particular and, to a lesser extent, with Sputnik. I also know many others who have been interviewed by one or both. No one who has done so has ever been coached or urged to follow a particular line or support a specific position insofar as I know. Nor do I know anyone who has actually been paid to appear. Most of us who are interviewed are appreciative of the fact that we are allowed to air views that are essentially banned on the mainstream media to include critique of maladroit policies in places like Syria and Afghanistan and biting critiques of the war on terror.Sputnik, in my opinion, does, however, lean heavily towards stories that are critical of the United States and its policies, while RT has a global reach and is much more balanced in what it covers. For sure, it too criticizes U.S. policies and is protective of the Russian government, but it does not substantially differ from other national news services that I have had done interviews for. I find as much uniquely generated negative reporting about the U.S. (usually linked to violence or guns) on BBC World News, France24 and Deutsche Welle as I do on RT International. To describe it as part of an  influence campaign  driven by a  state-run propaganda machine  has a kernel of truth but it is nevertheless a bit of a stretch since one could make the same claims about any government financed news service, including Voice of America. Governments only get into broadcasting to promote their points of view, not to inform the public.There is a serious problem in the threats to use FARA as it could advance the ongoing erosion of freedom of the press in the United States by establishing the precedent that a foreign news services that is critical of the U.S. will no longer be tolerated. It is also hypocritical in that countries like Israel that interfere regularly in American politics are exempt from FARA registration because no one dares to take such a step, while Russia is fair game.Going after news outlets also invites retaliation against U.S. media operating in Russia and, eventually, elsewhere. Currently Western media reports from Russia pretty much without being censored or pressured to avoid certain stories. I would note a recent series that appeared on CBS featuring the repulsive Stephen Colbert spending a week in Russia which mercilessly lampooned both the country and its government. No one arrested him or made him stop filming. No one claimed that he was trying to undermine the Russian government or discredit the country s institutions, even though that is precisely what he was doing.And then there is the issue of the  threat  posed by news media outlets like RT and Sputnik. Even combined the two services have limited access to the U.S. market, with a 2014 study suggesting that they have only 2.8 million actual weekly viewers. RT did not make the cut and is not included on the list of 100 most popular television channels in the U.S. and it has far less market penetration than other foreign news services like the BBC. It can be found on only a limited number of cable networks in a few, mostly urban areas. It does better in Europe, but its profile in the U.S. market is miniscule. As even bad news is good news in terms of selling a product, it probably did receive higher ratings when the intelligence agency report slamming it came out on it in January. Everyone probably wanted to learn what RT was all about.So it seems to me that the United States  moves against RT and Sputnik are little more than lashing out at a problem that is not really a problem in a bid to again promote the Russian  threat  to explain the ongoing dysfunction that prevails in America s democratic process. One keeps reading or hearing how the American government has  indisputable  proof of Moscow s intentions to subvert democracy in the U.S. as well as in Europe but the actual evidence is still elusive. Will Russiagate end with a bang or a whimper? No one seems to know.***READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21980,“Russia Did It” is Smokescreen for Big Business Ownership of US Government and Congress,"Finian Cunningham SputnikGoogle is the latest US internet company to claim it found  Russia-linked  advertisements on its network   allegedly posted to influence the US presidential election last year.Twitter and Facebook have already made similar claims and all three are now facing more scrutiny in the coming weeks before Congressional committees.What is truly astounding about this hysteria over alleged Russian interference in US democracy is that American citizens are being distracted from what is, by far, the much more alarming issue of how their government and Congress is bought by US Big Business.Bloomberg reported this week that:  Google identifies Russian election interference network . It said the internet giant found political ads worth $4,700 which it believes are  tied to the Russian government . These ads, it is claimed, carried political articles which were meant to influence which way American citizens would vote in the presidential contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump last November.Google has reportedly said that another $53,000 worth of ads are  under review  for suspicion of being  linked  to the Russian government. This follows claims made by Facebook that it had earlier identified $100,000 spent on ads by Russian sources, while Twitter said it had located $274,000 worth of such ads.The Russian government has repeatedly rejected accusations that it tried to meddle in the US election. Moscow rightly highlights the dearth of any evidence and total lack of due legal process. The American allegations have also whipped up a toxic climate to curb the legitimate media activities of Russian news channels.It is understood that Russia s state-owned news channel RT promoted some of its content through social media like Facebook and Twitter. But as RT editor Margarita Simonyan pointed out such promotion is entirely normal for all news media companies. She estimated that US-based outlets probably spent much more than RT promoting their content through the Russian section of Twitter.Several issues about this  Russian meddling  trope are patently dodgy, yet are bizarrely overlooked.The first is that, as with other claims of Russian interference in the US election, no evidence is ever presented. Facebook, Twitter and Google are making vague claims of  accounts believed to be tied to the Russian government . And the US news media simply repeat these nebulous claims without further question.A second anomaly is that Congressional committees that have been investigating allegations of Russian interference have also not presented any evidence   after nearly nine months of intensive probing.Senators Richard Burr and Mark Warner, who are heading up a select intelligence committee, made a  big presentation  last week in Washington on their findings. The  findings  turned out to be an embarrassing anti-climax. The Congressmen admitted they found no evidence of  Russia collusion  in the election and baldly asserted that Moscow s  influence campaign continues  which they will continue to investigate   no doubt at a huge cost to American taxpayers.So, Russia is being accused of interfering in the presidential elections on the basis of the allegation alone, and yet American politicians are also contradicting themselves by saying that the alleged interference did not alter the vote outcome.But here is the biggest absurdity. The sums of money claimed to have been used by Russia to destabilize US democracy are ridiculously minuscule.For argument sake, let s go along with the claims that somehow  Russian agents  took out ads on social media to influence the US election. Between Facebook, Twitter, and Google the expenditure amounts to about $300,000.That figure is a pittance compared with the avalanche of money that US corporations doled out to bankroll the election campaigns of the two candidates.According to Bloomberg, Hillary Clinton s election bid was leveraged with $1.2 billion from  Super-PACs  (Political Action Campaigns). Trump received less corporate money, raising a total of $647 million   or about half of what Clinton s coffers received.Now put those figures into perspective. The alleged Russian influence ads costing around $300,000 represent some 0.01 percent of what US corporations actually spent ($1.8 billion total) in promoting either Clinton or Trump for the White House. In other words, the much speculated   and highly dubious   financial outlay that Russian sources allocated to allegedly upset the American democratic process is negligible compared with the actual money spent by major American companies to determine the 2016 election outcome.While American media and politicians are endeavoring to get citizens all worked up about  Kremlin meddling  the glaring fact is that their democratic process is subject to enormous US corporate influence. And not just the 2016 election. Every presidential cycle.Note too that this is only taking into consideration the corporate lobbying in the presidential contest. Every year, it is calculated that US companies spend about $3 billion lobbying federal government and Congress.That is, every year, year after year, Big Business in America spends 10,000-fold on influencing lawmakers and government policy compared with the alleged ad campaign that Russia supposedly engaged in.Another source of major influence on American politicians are the lobby groups funded separately by the Israeli and Saudi government interests. Each year, these foreign states spend an estimated $5-7 million on lobbying members of the US Congress and the federal government. This is real money with real impact on US democracy as opposed to alleged Russian interference.Getting back to  lobbying  by US companies   some might call it bribery   among the biggest donors are the military manufacturing firms. According to American publication, The Hill, included in the top 50 corporate lobbies plying Congress with campaign funds are Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Northrup Grumman.Another major lobby   although not in the top 50   is the National Rifle Association (NRA) which promotes gun ownership for private citizens by donating to Congress members.Three recent events show how corporate money effectively buys American government policy.President Trump is pushing for an overhaul of tax policy which will result in the biggest ever tax benefit to corporate America.Secondly, with regard to the US military budget, the Congress is due to pass a record increase amounting to $700 billion annually. This largesse to Pentagon-connected manufacturers like Lockheed Martin and Boeing is no doubt fueled by Trump using reckless bellicose rhetoric towards North Korea, threatening war instead of a diplomatic solution.Thirdly, in the aftermath of the latest mass shooting in Las Vegas   the worst ever in modern US history   in which 58 people were mowed down by a 64-year-old male shooter armed with an arsenal of assault rifles in his hotel room, both the White House and Congress are adamant that  now is not the time to talk about gun control laws . Congressional Republicans, in particular, are big recipients of NRA funding. Trump s election campaign also reportedly received $30 million from the NRA.In the gargantuan scale of corporate funding and influence on US democracy, it is patently absurd for US media and politicians to chase after Russia for alleged meddling.There again, maybe not so absurd, if such a travesty serves to distract American citizens from the much more pressing issue of how their democracy is bought and sold by elite American interests.***SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21981,Agent Angelina: Are CIA Using Hollywood’s Jolie as Soft Power Operative?,"21st Century Wire says In previous articles, 21WIRE has consistently raised the question of whether or not the CIA and the Pentagon have been using Hollywood celebrities as soft power pawns in order to help grease foreign policy objects over seas. This charge has always been met by narrow mainstream minds as a  conspiracy theory    even though we have provided evidence which indicates this is a very real practice, and one with historic precedents. Seems that the mainstream claim that  the CIA wouldn t hire someone like that  won t fly anymore.  We have talked about Dennis Rodman, and George Clooney as two high-profile  ambassadors  of the US, inserted into trouble areas in order to achieve various PR, strategic or intelligence ends.This latest admission regarding actress Angelina Jolie is even more telling   where it is claimed she was being used as an expensive honey pot to lure the illusive (and possibly non-existent) Joseph Kony of the Lord s Resistance Army in the jungles of Uganda.Andrew Korybko Oriental ReviewIt s long been suspected that the actress willingly promotes CIA psy-op narratives in her films, but this time new leaks allege that Angelina Jolie had also at one time considered being the Pentagon s  bait  to  catch Kony , which draws into question the true motivation of other celebrities  foreign policy forays such as Dennis Rodman s  friendship  with Kim Jong-Un. Agent AngelinaAngelina Jolie is the poster woman for the  Hollywood-Intelligence Complex , the perfect example of a willing CIA asset who regularly goes along with  deep state  narratives in her films, such as the anti-Serb production  In The Land Of Blood And Honey . She s also been one of the loudest global cheerleaders for  humanitarian interventions  abroad, or in other words, imperialist wars waged under distorted or outright fabricated  humanitarian  reasons such as the one that she had been lobbying for in Darfur. Jolie often visits US troops abroad like in Afghanistan, though up until now there were no grounds for suggesting that she was anything other than a propagandist, as it would have been ordinarily absurd to even countenance her playing an active role in the battlefield.That s no longer the case anymore, though, according to a report by The Sunday Times, a UK-based media outlet, which claims to have read leaked International Criminal Court (ICC) documents alleging that the starlet told the organization s former chief prosecutor that she d be willing to volunteer herself as a bait to catch the phantasmal African warlord Joseph Kony. The Sunday Times article is mostly hidden behind a paywall, however, so the average information consumer needs to rely on second-hand sources such as People magazine in order to learn about what s in those leaks free of charge. According to the celebrity news site: A hoard of 40,000 ICC documents leaked to the French investigative website Mediapart reveals that Jolie once offered to act as human bait in a trap to arrest brutal Ugandan warlord Joseph Kony.She  has the idea to invite Kony to dinner and then arrest him,  reads an e-mail sent by former ICC Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo, reports The Sunday Times. Forget other celebrities, she is the one,  Moreno Ocampo adds in another email.  She loves to arrest Kony. She is ready. Probably Brad [Pitt] will go also. According to The Sunday Times, which has seen the Mediapart documents, Moreno Ocampo hoped that Jolie and her now estranged husband would travel to the Central African Republic with a team of US Special Forces.It was thought that their presence would then draw Kony out of his armored compound and enable the US forces to take him into custody. If these allegations are true, then it would mean that Jolie had graduated from the usual propagandist class of Hollywood operatives to an in-field asset of the Pentagon in conspiring to carry out a globally important mission. Truth be told,  catching Kony , as the viral 2012 slogan went, isn t really that significant of a deal because the warlord is thought to have barely any supporters nowadays after years on the run in the transnational jungled space between his native Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Sudan, and the Central African Republic. In fact, the whole purpose of the CIA psy-op to  catch Kony  was to  justify  US special forces  presence in this strategic region long enough for them to manufacture civil wars in South Sudan and the Central African Republic, which would turn them into a  failed state belt  that forever prevents their crucial incorporation into a Chinese-built bicoastal Silk Road through their resource-rich territories.The geopolitics of the Kony diversion aren t the focus of this article, so it s recommended that readers review some of the author s hyperlinked analyses above if they re interested in learning more about this Hybrid War campaign. Instead, it s important to focus on the relationship between celebrities and the  deep state , both in the propaganda and   as can now be seen   in-field operational manifestations. Thus far, it doesn t seem like any of Jolie s peers attempted to follow in her footsteps by partaking in such a high-profile covert mission, but toning down the drama just a notch and removing the lethal risk involved in her extreme example, it s certainly possible that other  famous people  are doing something similar in serving their governments.ODD COUPLE: Joseph Kony & Angelina JolieThe Rodman-Kim CaseThe most relevant case that comes to mind is Dennis Rodman, who s the US   Kim whisperer  in passing along messages through what he calls  basketball diplomacy  but who actually functions as the best American pair of eyes and ears that has ever gotten to known the reclusive North Korean leader in person. It s been speculated for a few years already that Rodman might indeed be working for the CIA, but this was always dismissed by more mainstream voices who retort that he s either  too stupid  or that  the CIA wouldn t hire someone like that , but these critics never take the time to consider that Rodman might be coerced into doing this in order to avoid a hushed-up drug bust or something of that nature.In any case, his last visit to the communist country was a failure because he wasn t allowed to meet with Kim Jong-Un, although he did claim credit for jailed provocateur Otto Warmbier s release shortly before his death. Given that the American student was going to die anyway from what was likely complications from his unsuccessful suicide attempt in trying to overdose on sleeping medicine, he probably would have been released whether Rodman came to the country or not, but it s very telling that Kim Jong-Un refused to meet with his  best friend  during this time. Incidentally, it was shortly after this that the war of words and  insult diplomacy  between the North Korean and American leaders really took off, which might have been inspired by Trump finding out from his intelligence chiefs that they had lost their precious Rodman-Kim connection because Pyongyang could have figured out what the basketballer was really up to.Although it s only speculation at this point, it would indeed explain why Trump made a show out of appearing to go crazy and resorting to the  madman theory  in dealing with Kim Jong-Un, as the US Intelligence Community might have concluded that this is the only realistic way left for directly communicating with his North Korean counterpart. With Rodman s last reconnaissance mission cut short and ultimately unsuccessful, the US might have feared that Kim was signaling to them that he was prepared to imminently flex his muscles in vengeful showmanship for having been deceived this long, and while it s impossible to know exactly what he was in fact thinking, North Korea did end up staging several highly provocative missile launches this summer after Rodman s visit and even carried out a nuclear test.The above narrative might sound dubious upon first read, but it certainly deserves to be reconsidered in light of the revelation that Angelina Jolie was working with the Pentagon as part of a highly secret special operation to  catch Kony , which would in that case not make it sound so crazy to imagine that Dennis Rodman might have been doing similar field work for the CIA in collecting valuable personal intelligence about Kim Jong-Un.Even if the North Koreans are actually aware of what Rodman is up to nowadays, that doesn t mean that he ll never be allowed back into what some have derisively called the  Hermit Kingdom , as there s a certain value that could be derived from continuing to use him for informal diplomatic purposes and indirect communication with the US  deep state Continue this story at Oriental ReviewREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21982,Iran ‘Will Respond’ if US Moves to Designate Revolutionary Guard as ‘Terrorist Group’,"Fresh off its humiliating six-year-long debacle in Syria, and with very few viable wars within its grasp, the Pentagon, along with the Israeli Lobby-led US Congress and Senate   are now trying to tighten the noose on Iran.For the last 3 weeks, hawkish Republican Senators have been pressuring President Donald Trump to  decertify  the Iran nuclear deal in October, and to reimpose harsh sanctions   despite the fact that Iran is in full compliance with the international P5+1 brokered nuclear containment agreement.According to the terms of the deal as recognized by Congress, the President must re-certify the deal every 90 days.LITTLE MARCO: It s clear that Marco Rubio is firmly in the pocket of the Israeli Lobby.Chief among the Israeli-led Senators is Florida Senator Marco Rubio. During the Presidential campaign, Rubio was humiliated by Trump who dubbed him  Little Marco.  Soon after, the slighted Senator was forced to drop out of the race due to a lack of support for his campaign.SEE ALSO: Retired US General Picks Apart Sen. Cotton s  Scarlet Letter  to IranOn its face, Trump and the Israel First hawks  policy to crush the JCPOA Nuclear Agreement makes little sense. Business Insider explains:John Glaser and Emma Ashford respond to Trump s latest attack on the nuclear deal: Iran is clearly abiding by the deal s requirements, as President Trump himself has twice formally acknowledged. But the President appears determined to ignore U.S. allies, his own intelligence community and the International Atomic Energy Agency, which has affirmed eight separate times in detailed reports that Iran is in compliance with the deal.As is usually the case, the US hawks (also supported by Iran s economic and geopolitical regional rival Saudi Arabia) are hoping to trigger retaliatory rhetoric from the Iranian hawks   and use those words to justify a call for escalation of tension, and a full range of new sanctions against Iran:This desire to withdraw from the JCPOA is difficult to explain. Whatever Trump s reasoning, this much is clear: All of America s options outside the JCPOA carry unacceptably high risks and threaten to exacerbate the very behavior Iran hawks hope to forestall.Desperate to fabricate their case against Iran, the US (instructed by the Israeli Lobby) are now trying to brand Iran s military as an international  terrorist  organisation.RT International reports Iran has vowed a  firm and crushing  reaction should Washington decide to include the elite wing of its army, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), on its list of terrorist organizations, according to the country s foreign ministry.The comments came from Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi on Monday as cited by Tasnim news agency. We are hopeful that the United States does not make this strategic mistake,  Qasemi stated during a news conference. If they do, Iran s reaction would be firm, decisive and crushing,  he said, adding that the US would have to accept the consequences.Earlier it was reported that Washington is preparing tougher sanctions on Tehran, including the possible designation of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) as a terrorist group.US President Donald Trump has taken a tough stance on the Islamic Republic, criticizing it for supporting terrorism and vowing to  put an end to Iran s continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. On Sunday, IRGC chief Mohammad Ali Jafari warned that if the reports are confirmed, the military wing will treat US troops, especially in the Middle East, as they would Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists. If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American Army to be like Islamic State all around the world, particularly in the Middle East,  Jafari stated.Washington s reported threats have prompted France to speak against actions that  could exacerbate the current crises  in the face of  regional instability.   With this in mind, regional states have a specific role to play and must show restraint and a sense of responsibility,  French Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne stressed, when asked whether Paris would endorse such a step.The landmark Iranian nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), was signed by the P5+1 group (China, France, Germany, Russia, the UK, and the US) and the European Union in 2015. According to the deal, Iran is to limit its nuclear program for 15 years in exchange for easing the pre-existing sanctions.READ MORE: World will change : Trump likely to pull out of Iran nuclear deal next week   German FMDuring his election campaign Trump repeatedly vowed to scrap the agreement, and during his presidency he has continued to accuse Iran of violating the  spirit  of the deal. This week the US leader is expected to re-certify the agreement, but there are concerns that he may decide to stick to his campaign promises.Other parties to the agreement, including Germany and the EU, have voiced concerns over the possible scuppering of the deal.READ MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
21983,"Episode #205 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Dirty Vegas’ with Jay Dyer, Hesher & Shawn Helton","IMAGE: Real-life battlefield shooting range in Las Vegas (see video).Episode #205 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Oct 8th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the US as guest hosts Jay Dyer and ACR s Hesher are joined by special guest Shawn Helton, and other special guests Basil Valentine, ACR s Funk Soul, and a report by Patrick Henningsen from the 2040 Transhumanist Agenda conference in London. will be delivering a powerful (and highly controversial) show this week   covering the biggest stories internationally including the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas. The team will do into a deep investigative analysis and summary of the forensic case thus far, including expert ballistic analysis of the official story, in what is said to be America s biggest ever mass shooting. Enjoy the show   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #205Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
21984,‘Vaccine Choice’ Mom Gets Jail Time for Not Jabbing Her Kid,"21st Century Wire says We ve been covering the anti-vaccine movement (and the science) for quite some time. The dangers of aluminum and the neurotoxicity of vaccines are well-documented. Now, this debate has turned up in a court of law. Which prompts us to ask this question again: Should the government force parents to vaccinate their kids?Rebecca Bredow, a self-proclaimed  vaccine choice  mom from Detroit, has just been sentenced to seven days in jail for contempt, defying a court order that states she agreed with her ex-husband to vaccinate their 9-year-old son.The judge also ordered to have the child vaccinated within one week, while Bredow is serving her jail sentence. Attorneys for the anti-vaxxer mom, who refused to jab her son based on her personal and religious beliefs, have said they will be filing an appeal. I would rather sit behind bars standing up for what I believe in, than giving in to something I strongly don t believe in, Bredow said in her statement to the court.As WXYX-TV Detroit reports, the son s father must get the child vaccinated before his mother gets out of jail, or this story could take yet another controversial turn WATCH: READ MORE VACCINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Vax FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21985,Boiler Room EP #130 – Mandalay Cover-Up,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side  Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One) for the hundred and thirtieth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Hesher, Spore, Jay Dyer and Andy Nowicki representing the ACR Brain-Trust with their continuing analysis of the Mandalay Bay Massacre. The details, the anomalies, opinions, hypotheses and the questions we came up with in the days after the event.Direct Download Episode #130 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21986,"REVEALED: FBI Aided, Abetted ‘ISIS’ Terrorist Attack at ‘Mohammed Cartoon Event’ in Garland, Texas","Daily Shooter 21st Century WireJust as ISIS is being routed in Deir Ezzor, Syria, and soon out of Raqqa, and driven from its remaining strongholds in Iraq   we discover how the US government has been busy keeping the organization thriving within its own shores.What you are about to read is simply breathtaking, but should be of no surprise to our readers. These new court findings reaffirms much of what 21WIRE and the Daily Shooter column have been reporting for the last five years   that the FBI is responsible for the majority of so-called  terrorist  attacks in the US.According to a new legal case filed against the FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas on May 4, 2015. International criminal lawyer Jennifer Breedon shows the FBI was complicit in the attack, and even enticed the two terrorists to carry out the attack, and where agents had  pretended to be ISIS  in order to keep their entrapment operation going. She explains: Some of the facts are indicating that they had an undercover agent that was trying to get in with ISIS   trying to find out these ISIS groups, and he wanted to make himself higher up in ISIS ranks to know more of their fighters. Apparently, he stayed in the car behind them, which came out in another case filing with the FBI. They did not prevent it because if the attack had been carried out successfully, and people died, it was likely this undercover agent and his supervisors in the FBI felt that this would promote him up to high ranks within ISIS   the undercover agent would be promoted up, because the attack was then successful. Read Breddon s full interview here.On the surface this is a clear case of entrapment by the FBI, but upon deeper examination it s now clear that the FBI seems to have aided and abetted a terrorist attack on US soil.While other mainstream and alternative media outlets were busy promulgating the official narrative, 21WIRE actually called-out the staged event, designed to leverage a far right, anti-Muslim agenda, and stoke irrational fears of endless  ISIS attacks  on US soil.PROVOCATEUR: Professional provocateur Geller provided the PR bait for media, the FBI-run  American ISIS  cell.The contrived event was marketed as a controversial  Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest,  organized by a cut-out politcal front group, American Freedom Defense Initiative, led by anti-Muslim activist and professional provocateur, Pamela Geller, and featured far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders, as its keynote speaker. Media personality Geller claimed to have purposely chosen the venue following the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) gathering who held a  Stand with the Prophet  conference in late January 2015 after the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris earlier that year.According to the victim s attorney Breedon, the FBI had an undercover agent that was  trying to get in with ISIS   trying to find out these ISIS groups, and he wanted to make himself higher up in ISIS ranks to know more of their fighters. American journalist Trevor Aaronson further explains the derelict role of James Comey (image, left) in FBI s attempt to cover its own fingerprints on this dodgy operation: Hours earlier, the FBI had sent a bulletin to local police with Elton Simpson s photo, warning that he was  interested in the event. FBI Director James Comey said in a press conference following the shooting that the FBI did not have reason to believe Simpson was planning to attack the event, even though the bureau had spent years trying to build a case against him. ENTRAPMENT: The unwitting youngster, Elton Simpson, was groomed by a paid FBI informant, and brought to the scene of the staged  attack. After the FBI-staged  attack , 21WIRE was one of few media outlets to report how a paid FBI informant was not only  handling , but directing what appeared to be a naive and vulnerable federal target for entrapment   a new young Muslim convert named Elton Simpson from Phoenix, Arizona:It s now been revealed that  gunman , Elton Simpson, was already under surveillance by the FBI and was even the subject of a terror investigation. More importantly, we can also confirm Simpson was being handled by an FBI informant. Court papers filed in Arizona name the FBI undercover informant as Mr. Daba Deng, a Kenyan and who, from 2007, was paid $132,000 by the FBI to  become friends with Mr. Simpson , and who appears to have groomed Simpson through a local mosque, and helped to develop Simpson s ideas about  jihad .So keen was CNN at the time to convince its audience that Garland was a real terrorist event, it took the trouble of creating its own cartoon version of the attack in a desperate attempt to make the official story believable:SYNTHETIC TERROR: CNN uses cartoon to make the Garland Shooting look like a real terror event.At the time, and almost comically, CNN tried to push the official narrative, appearing totally clueless of the fact that the attackers were under FBI supervision for years: He wasn t well-known to federal law enforcement and was not on the FBI s radar, one of the officials said. Investigators were combing through evidence retrieved from the shooters  Arizona home to help piece together a timeline of how their plot came together, the official said. It was as if CNN had copied and pasted their report from an FBI press memo issued after the event (perhaps it was). CNN s coverage of the event was equally ridiculous, not picking up on the fact that a small platoon of heavily armed US special ops mercenaries were pre-positioned at Geller s event in anticipation of the made-for-TV  terror  attack that followed:#BREAKING Update from SWAT Team Leader. @wfaachannel8 pic.twitter.com/HoF5f4bF7U  Jobin Panicker (@jobinpnews) May 4, 2015SEE OUR INITIAL REPORT ON GELLER S GARLAND HOAX: Hebdo Redux in Garland, Texas?  Mohammed Cartoon  Shooting Reeks of a Staged False FlagGarland was a  clear case of the US government creating a terror threat where there was none, and this wouldn t be the first time either.As previously noted, The Guardian reported on the scale and scope of this trend in 2014: In some cases the FBI may have created terrorists out of law-abiding individuals by suggesting the idea of taking terrorist action or encouraging the target to act.  The list of FBI-related  terrorist  incidents inside the US is a long one. The formula for creating a  terror icon  required a confidential informant to guide and manage the future  suspect  right up to the point of arrest, or in some cases, like the World Trade Center Bombing in 1993, the FBI have even allowed the terrorist incident to take place.In Garland, as with so many other high profile  terror  and mass shooting events, 21WIRE s investigations have turned out to correct, while the mainstream media have been completely wrong.The following infographic is from the  Program on Extremism    these are likely contrived, if not inflated numbers   meant to represent  suspected ISIS  members  supposedly hiding out all over America:We've updated our ISIS in America numbers (100) and added a new statistic: Average prison sentence (10.1 years). pic.twitter.com/SsAbCx1Tgy  Program On Extremism (@gwupoe) August 3, 2016The following is a partial list of informants, patsies and dupes used by the security services in a number of the high-profile  terror  events in recent years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal  (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salman Abedi (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar  (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa  (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here)READ MORE GARLAND NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Garland FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21987,Henningsen: Obama White House Colluded with Facebook to Fabricate ‘Russian Bot’ Conspiracy,"WASHINGTON DC   This week the Senate Intelligence Committee finally gave an update on its continuing investigation into whether Russia actually had anything to do with the 2016 Election. If anyone was expecting any actual evidence to be presented, they would have been sorely disappointed, again. Still, that s not going to stop Official Washington from burning though more public money to try and prove a conspiracy theory.  The issue of collusion is still open,  said committee chairman, Richard Burr of North Carolina (R).  We have more work to do as it relates to collusion, but we re developing a clearer picture of what happened. Likewise, the committee s ranking Democrat, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, admitted they had nothing, but implored Americans to  be on guard of the Russian. The Russian active measures did not end on Election Day 2016,  said Warner. He maintains that the US should adopt a  more aggressive  whole government  approach  to combat Russian influence on the vulnerable minds of unsuspecting Americans.However, yesterday 21WIRE revealed via Consortium News   that it was Senator Warner, along with the Obama White House, who colluded with Silicon Valley giant Facebook in 2016, with Warner making multiple trips to Palo Alto to pressure Facebook to produce some  evidence  that Warner and his colleagues could hold up as proof of  Russian Bots  using Facebook to interfere in the 2016 Election. As it turns out, this was fake news fabricated by Washington and its mainstream media partners.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke to RT International yesterday about these developments, and how the US government is using their own fake news in order to shut down competition in the information sphere. By definition, that collusion between big government and corporations is classic fascism. Watch:.  What I will confirm is that the Russian intelligence service is determined, clever,  Senator Burr said.  And I recommend that every campaign and every election official take this very seriously. Russiagate has really turned into a Vaudeville act.READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21988,Fake News: The Collapse of the MSM’s ‘Facebook Russian Bot’ Story,"As 21WIRE said last year, the Russian hacking, or Russiagate story was a political hoax from the start. What this story can now demonstrate, is that for the last 18 months, the entire mainstream media has been promulgating a highly politicised, and relentless campaign of fake news designed to implicate Russia in an imaginary scandal. Leading the pack are former  papers of record  The New York Times and The Washington Post, flanked by America s premier broadcast TV propaganda outlet CNN.Last week, we revealed how powerful politicians in Washington had pressured Facebook executives to come up with any evidence to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling,    demonstrating clear collusion between the Obama Administration and Silicon Valley corporation Facebook, with the goal of fabricating a scandal in order to scapegoat Vladimir Putin and the Russians for the electoral collapse of Hillary Clinton last November.As a result, US-Russian relations have been sacrificed at the altar of petty partisan politics and a failing deep state agenda.It certainly begs the question: with so much at stake, why would Washington and MSM lie and risk pushing global tensions closer to a world war level confrontation? If they are prepared to lie about this, what else are they prepared to lie about?Consortium News Exclusive: The U.S. mainstream media is determined to prove Russia-gate despite the scandal s cracking foundation and its inexplicable anomalies, such as why Russia would set up a Facebook  puppies  page.By Robert ParryWhat is perhaps most unprofessional, unethical and even immoral about the U.S. mainstream media s coverage of Russia-gate is how all the stories start with the conclusion    Russia bad    and then make whatever shards of information exist fit the preordained narrative.For instance, we re told that Facebook executives, who were sent back three times by Democratic lawmakers to find something to pin on Russia, finally detected $100,000 worth of ads spread out over three years from accounts  suspected of links to Russia  or similar hazy wording.These Facebook ads and 201 related Twitter accounts, we re told, represent the long-missing proof about Russian  meddling  in the U.S. presidential election after earlier claims faltered or fell apart under even minimal scrutiny.In the old days, journalists might have expressed some concern that Facebook  found  the ads only under extraordinary pressure from powerful politicians, such as Sen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a leading legislator on the tech industry. But today s mainstream reporters took Warner s side and made it look like Facebook had been dragging its heels and that there must be much more out there.However, it doesn t really seem to matter how little evidence there is. Anything will do.Even the paltry $100,000 is not put in any perspective (Facebook has annual revenue of $27 billion), nor the 201 Twitter accounts (compared to Twitter s 328 million monthly users). Nor are the hazy allegations of  suspected   links to Russia  subjected to serious inspection. Although Russia is a nation of 144 million people and many divergent interests, it s assumed that everything must be personally ordered by President Vladimir Putin.Yet, if you look at some of the details about these $100,000 in ads, you learn the case is even flimsier than you might have thought. The sum was spread out over 2015, 2016 and 2017   and thus represented a very tiny pebble in a very large lake of Facebook activity.But more recently we learned that only 44 percent of the ads appeared before Americans went to the polls last November, according to Facebook; that would mean that 56 percent appeared afterwards.Facebook added that  roughly 25% of the ads were never shown to anyone.   For 50% of the ads, less than $3 was spent; for 99% of the ads, less than $1,000 was spent. So, as miniscule as the $100,000 in ad buys over three years may have seemed, the tiny pebble turns out really to be only a fraction of a tiny pebble if the Russians indeed did toss it into the 2016 campaign.What About the Puppies?We further have learned that most ads weren t for or against a specific candidate, but rather addressed supposedly controversial issues that the mainstream media insists were meant to divide the United States and thus somehow undermine American democracy.Except, it turns out that one of the issues was puppies.As Mike Isaac and Scott Shane of The New York Times reported in Tuesday s editions,  The Russians who posed as Americans on Facebook last year tried on quite an array of disguises.   There was even a Facebook group for animal lovers with memes of adorable puppies that spread across the site with the help of paid ads. Now, there are a lot of controversial issues in America, but I don t think any of us would put puppies near the top of the list. Isaac and Shane reported that there were also supposedly Russia-linked groups advocating gay rights, gun rights and black civil rights, although precisely how these divergent groups were  linked  to Russia or the Kremlin was never fully explained. (Facebook declined to offer details.)At this point, a professional journalist might begin to pose some very hard questions to the sources, who presumably include many partisan Democrats and their political allies hyping the evil-Russia narrative. It would be time for some lectures to the sources about the consequences for taking reporters on a wild ride in conspiracy land.Yet, instead of starting to question the overall premise of this  scandal,  journalists at The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, etc. keep making excuses for the nuttiness. The explanation for the puppy ads was that the nefarious Russians might be probing to discover Americans who might later be susceptible to propaganda. The goal of the dog lovers  page was more obscure,  Isaac and Shane acknowledged.  But some analysts suggested a possible motive: to build a large following before gradually introducing political content. Without viewing the entire feed from the page, now closed by Facebook, it is impossible to say whether the Russian operators tried such tactics. [Seriously, this is what the New York Times is passing off as  journalism  now]The Joe McCarthy of Russia-gateThe Times then turned to Clinton Watts, a former FBI agent and a top promoter of the New McCarthyism that has swept Official Washington. Watts has testified before Congress that almost anything that appears on social media these days criticizing a politician may well be traceable to the Russians Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21989,"Boiler Room EP #129 – Mandalay ‘Massacre:’ Initial Boil Down with Hesh, Spore, Jay, Funk and Pharaoh","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Fvnk$oul & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR Contributors) for the hundred and twenty ninth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Hesher, Spore, Jay Dyer, Fvnk$oul and Infidel Pharaoh representing the ACR Brain-Trust with their initial analysis of the Mandalay Bay Massacre. The details, the anomalies, opinions, hypotheses and the questions we came up with in the first 24 hours after the event.Direct Download Episode #129 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21990,‘Russia Did It’ – The New Age of McCarthyism,"Robert Parry Consortium NewsMake no mistake about it: the United States has entered an era of a New McCarthyism that blames nearly every political problem on Russia and has begun targeting American citizens who don t go along with this New Cold War propaganda.A difference, however, from the McCarthyism of the 1950s is that this New McCarthyism has enlisted Democrats, liberals and even progressives in the cause because of their disgust with President Trump; the 1950s version was driven by Republicans and the Right with much of the Left on the receiving end, maligned by the likes of Sen. Joe McCarthy as  un-American  and as Communism s  fellow travelers. The real winners in this New McCarthyism appear to be the neoconservatives who have leveraged the Democratic/liberal hatred of Trump to draw much of the Left into the political hysteria that sees the controversy over alleged Russian political  meddling  as an opportunity to  get Trump. Already, the neocons and their allies have exploited the anti-Russian frenzy to extract tens of millions of dollars more from the taxpayers for programs to  combat Russian propaganda,  i.e., funding of non-governmental organizations and  scholars  who target dissident Americans for challenging the justifications for this New Cold War.The Washington Post, which for years has served as the flagship for neocon propaganda, is again charting the new course for America, much as it did in rallying U.S. public backing for the 2003 invasion of Iraq and in building sympathy for abortive  regime change  projects aimed at Syria and Iran. The Post has begun blaming almost every unpleasant development in the world on Russia! Russia! Russia!For instance, a Post editorial on Tuesday shifted the blame for the anemic victory of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the surprising strength of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) from Merkel s austerity policies, which have caused hardship for much of the working class, or from her open door for Mideast refugees, which has destabilized some working-class neighborhoods, to   you guessed it   Russia!The evidence, as usual, is vague and self-interested, but sure to be swallowed by many Democrats and liberals, who hate Russia because they blame it for Trump, and by lots of Republicans and conservatives, who have a residual hatred for Russia left over from the Old Cold War.The Post cited the Atlantic Council s Digital Forensic Research Lab, which has been pushing much of the hysteria about alleged Russian activities on the Internet. The Atlantic Council essentially is NATO s think tank and is financed with money from the U.S. government, Gulf oil states, military contractors, global financial institutions and many other sources which stand to gain directly or indirectly from the expanding U.S. military budget and NATO interventions.Blaming RussiaIn this New Cold War, the Russians get blamed for not only disrupting some neocon  regime change  projects, such as the proxy war in Syria, but also political developments in the West, such as Donald Trump s election and AfD s rise in Germany.The Atlantic Council s digital lab claimed, according to the Post editorial, that  In the final hours of the [German] campaign, online supporters of the AfD began warning their base of possible election fraud, and the online alarms were  driven by anonymous troll accounts and boosted by a Russian-language bot-net. Of course, the Post evinces no evidence tying any of this to the Russian government or to President Vladimir Putin. It is the nature of McCarthyism that actual evidence is not required, just heavy breathing and dark suspicions. For those of us who operate Web sites,  trolls    some volunteers and some professionals   have become a common annoyance and they represent many political outlooks, not just Russian.Plus, it is standard procedure these days for campaigns to issue last-minute alarms to their supporters about possible election fraud to raise doubts about the results should the outcome be disappointing.The U.S. government has engaged in precisely this strategy around the world, having pro-U.S. parties not only complain about election fraud but to take to the streets in violent protests to impugn the legitimacy of election outcomes. That U.S. strategy has been applied to places such as Ukraine (the Orange Revolution in 2004); Iran (the Green Revolution in 2009); Russia (the Snow Revolution in 2011); and many other locations.Pre-election alerts also have become a feature in U.S. elections, even in 2016 when both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton raised questions about the legitimacy of the balloting, albeit for different reasons.Yet, instead of seeing the AfD maneuver as a typical ploy by a relatively minor party   and the German election outcome as an understandable reflection of voter discontent and weariness over Merkel s three terms as Chancellor   the Atlantic Council and the Post see Russians under every bed and particularly Putin.Loving to Hate PutinIn the world of neocon propaganda, Putin has become the great b te noire, since he has frustrated a variety of neocon schemes. He helped head off a major U.S. military strike against Syria in 2013; he aided President Obama in achieving the Iran nuclear agreement in 2014-15; Putin opposed and   to a degree   frustrated the neocon-supported coup in Ukraine in 2014; and he ultimately supplied the air power that defeated neocon-backed  rebel  forces in Syria in 2015-17.So, the Post and the neocons want Putin gone   and they have used gauzy allegations about  Russian meddling  in the U.S. and other elections as the new propaganda theme to justify destabilizing Russia with economic sanctions and, if possible, engineering another  regime change  project in Moscow.None of this is even secret. Carl Gershman, the neocon president of the U.S.-government-funded National Endowment for Democracy, publicly proclaimed the goal of ousting Putin in an op-ed in The Washington Post, writing:  The United States has the power to contain and defeat this danger. The issue is whether we can summon the will to do so. But the way neocon propaganda works is that the U.S. and its allies are always the victims of some nefarious enemy who must be thwarted to protect all that is good in the world. In other words, even as NED and other U.S.-funded operations take aim at Putin and Russia, Russia and Putin must be transformed into the aggressors. Mr. Putin would like nothing better than to generate doubts, fog, cracks and uncertainty around the German pillar of Europe,  the Post editorial said.  He relishes infiltrating chaos and mischief into open societies. In this case, supporting the far-right AfD is extraordinarily cynical, given how many millions of Russians died to defeat the fascists seven decades ago. Not to belabor the point but there is no credible evidence that Putin did any of this. There is a claim by the virulently anti-Russian Atlantic Council that some  anonymous troll accounts  promoted some AfD complaint about possible voter fraud and that it was picked up by  a Russian-language bot-net.  Even if that is true   and the Atlantic Council is far from an objective source   where is the link to Putin?Not everything that happens in Russia, a nation of 144 million people, is ordered by Putin. But the Post would have you believe that it is. It is the centerpiece of this neocon conspiracy theory.Silencing DissentSimilarly, any American who questions this propaganda immediately is dismissed as a  Kremlin stooge  or a  Russian propagandist,  another ugly campaign spearheaded by the Post and the neocons. Again, no evidence is required, just some analysis that what you re saying somehow parallels something Putin has said.On Tuesday, in what amounted to a companion piece for the editorial, a Post article again pushed the unproven suspicions about  Russian operatives  buying $100,000 in Facebook ads from 2015 into 2017 to supposedly influence U.S. politics. Once again, no evidence required.In the article, the Post also reminds its readers that Moscow has a history of focusing on social inequities in the U.S., which gets us back to the comparisons between the Old McCarthyism and the new.Yes, it s true that the Soviet Union denounced America s racial segregation and cited that ugly feature of U.S. society in expressing solidarity with the American civil rights movement and national liberation struggles in Africa. It s also true that American Communists collaborated with the domestic civil rights movement to promote racial integration.That was a key reason why J. Edgar Hoover s FBI targeted Martin Luther King Jr. and other African-American leaders   because of their association with known or suspected Communists. (Similarly, the Reagan administration resisted support for Nelson Mandela because his African National Congress accepted Communist support in its battle against South Africa s Apartheid white-supremacist regime.)Interestingly, one of the arguments from liberal national Democrats in opposing segregation in the 1960s was that the repression of American blacks undercut U.S. diplomatic efforts to develop allies in Africa. In other words, Soviet and Communist criticism of America s segregation actually helped bring about the demise of that offensive system.Yet, King s association with alleged Communists remained a talking point of die-hard segregationists even after his assassination when they opposed creating a national holiday in his honor in the 1980s.These parallels between the Old McCarthyism and the New McCarthyism are implicitly acknowledged in the Post s news article on Tuesday, which cites Putin s criticism of police killings of unarmed American blacks as evidence that he is meddling in U.S. politics. Since taking office, Putin has on occasion sought to spotlight racial tensions in the United States as a means of shaping perceptions of American society,  the article states.  Putin injected himself in 2014 into the race debate after protests broke out in Ferguson, Mo., over the fatal shooting of Michael Brown, an African American, by a white police officer. Do you believe that everything is perfect now from the point of view of democracy in the United States?  Putin told CBS s  60 Minutes  program.  If everything was perfect, there wouldn t be the problem of Ferguson. There would be no abuse by the police. But our task is to see all these problems and respond properly. The Post s speculative point seems to be that Putin s response included having  Russian operatives  buy some ads on Facebook to exploit these racial tensions, but there is no evidence to support that conspiracy theory.However, as this anti-Russia hysteria spreads, we may soon see Americans who also protest the police killing of unarmed black men denounced as  Putin s fellow-travelers,  much as King and other civil rights leaders were smeared as  Communist dupes. Ignoring RealitySo, instead of Democrats and Chancellor Merkel looking in the mirror and seeing the real reasons why many white working-class voters are turning toward  populist  and  extremist  alternatives, they can simply blame Putin and continue a crackdown on Internet-based dissent as the work of  Russian operatives. Already, under the guise of combating  Russian propaganda  and  fake news,  Google, Facebook and other tech giants have begun introducing algorithms to hunt down and marginalize news that challenges official U.S. government narratives on hot-button issues such as Ukraine and Syria. Again, no evidence is required, just the fact that Putin may have said something similar.As Democrats, liberals and even some progressives join in this Russia-gate hysteria   driven by their hatred of Donald Trump and his supposedly  fascistic  tendencies   they might want to consider whom they ve climbed into bed with and what these neocons have in mind for the future.Arguably, if fascism or totalitarianism comes to the United States, it is more likely to arrive in the guise of  protecting democracy  from Russia or another foreign adversary than from a reality-TV clown like Donald Trump.The New McCarthyism with its Orwellian-style algorithms might seem like a clever way to neutralize (or maybe even help oust) Trump, but   long after Trump is gone   a structure for letting the neocons and the mainstream media monopolize American political debate might be a far greater threat to both democracy and peace.***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21991,Boiler Room EP #128 – “Free Speech… Not Without a War”,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki the Nameless One & the gang for the hundred and twenty eighth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the outcome of  Free Speech Week  at Berkeley, #KneeGate, a Jim Carrey follow up and much more.Direct Download Episode #128 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
21992,The ‘New Cold War’ – A Rehash of Old Rivalries," What will the  new cold war  look like? (Illustration by Brad Holland)William Blum ICHThe anti-Russian/anti-Soviet bias in the American media appears to have no limit. You would think that they would have enough self-awareness and enough journalistic integrity -  just enough -  to be concerned about their image. But it keeps on coming, piled higher and deeper.One of the latest cases in point is a review of a new biography of Mikhail Gorbachev in the New York Times Book Review (September 10). The review says that Gorbachev  was no hero to his own people  because he was  the destroyer of their empire . This is how the New York Times avoids having to say anything positive about life in the Soviet Union or about socialism. They would have readers believe that it was the loss of the likes of Czechoslovakia or Hungary et al. that upset the Russian people, not the loss, under Gorbachev s perestroika, of a decent standard of living for all, a loss affecting people s rent, employment, vacations, medical care, education, and many other aspects of the Soviet welfare state.Accompanying this review is a quote from a 1996 Times review of Gorbachev s own memoir, which said:  It mystifies Westerners that Mikhail Gorbachev is loathed and ridiculed in his own country. This is the man who pulled the world several steps back from the nuclear brink and lifted a crushing fear from his countrymen, who ended bloody foreign adventures [and] liberated Eastern Europe.   Yet his repudiation at home could hardly be more complete. His political comeback attempt in June attracted less than 1 percent of the vote. Thus is Gorbachev s unpopularity with his own people further relegated to the category of  mystery , and not due to the profound social changes.It should be noted that in 1999, USA Today reported:  When the Berlin Wall crumbled [1989], East Germans imagined a life of freedom where consumer goods were abundant and hardships would fade. Ten years later, a remarkable 51% say they were happier with communism.  Earlier polls would likely have shown even more than 51% expressing such a sentiment, for in the ten years many of those who remembered life in East Germany with some fondness had passed away; although even 10 years later, in 2009, the Washington Post could report:  Westerners [West Berliners] say they are fed up with the tendency of their eastern counterparts to wax nostalgic about communist times. It was in the post-unification period that a new Russian and eastern Europe proverb was born: Everything the Communists said about Communism was a lie, but everything they said about capitalism turned out to be the truth. The current New York Times review twice refers to Vladimir Putin as  authoritarian , as does, routinely, much of the Western media. None of the many such references I have come across in recent years has given an example of such authoritarian policies, although such examples of course exist, as they do under a man named Trump and a woman named May and every other government in the world. But clearly if a strong case could be made of Putin being authoritarian, the Western media would routinely document such in their attacks upon the Russian president. Why do they not?The review further refers to Putin to as  the cold-eye former K.G.B. lieutenant colonel . One has to wonder if the New York Times has ever referred to President George H.W. Bush as  the cold-eye former CIA Director .Just as in the first Cold War, one of the basic problems is that Americans have great difficulty in believing that Russians mean well. Apropos this, I d like to recall the following written about George Kennan, one of the most prominent American diplomats ever:Crossing Poland with the first US diplomatic mission to the Soviet Union in the winter of 1933, a young American diplomat named George Kennan was somewhat astonished to hear the Soviet escort, Foreign Minister Maxim Litvinov, reminisce about growing up in a village nearby, about the books he had read and his dreams as a small boy of being a librarian. We suddenly realized, or at least I did, that these people we were dealing with were human beings like ourselves,  Kennan wrote,  that they had been born somewhere, that they had their childhood ambitions as we had. It seemed for a brief moment we could break through and embrace these people. It hasn t happened yet.Kennan s sudden realization brings George Orwell to mind: We have now sunk to a depth at which the restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. The plague of nationalismThe world has enough countries. Too goddamn many if you ask me. Is there room for any more delegations at the United Nations? Any more parking spots in New York? Have the people of Catalonia, who are seeking independence from Spain in an October 1 vote, considered that their new nation will have to open hundreds of new embassies and consulates around the world, furnish them all, fill them all with paid employees, houses and apartments and furniture for many of them, several new cars for each diplomatic post.  How many billions of dollars in taxes will be taken from the Catalan people to pay for all this?And what about the military? Any self-respecting country needs an army and a navy. Will the new Catalonia be able to afford even halfway decent armed forces? The new country will of course have to join NATO with its obligatory minimum defense capability. There goes a billion or two more.Plus what it will have to pay the European Union, which will simply be replacing Madrid in imposing many legal restrictions upon the Catalan people.And for what noble purpose are they rising up? Freedom, democracy, civil liberties, human rights? No. It s all for money. Madrid is taking in more in taxes from Catalonia than it returns in services, something which can be said about many city-state relationships in the United States. (Presumably there are also some individual Catalans who have their odd personal reasons.)Catalan nationalists insist that  self-determination  is an inalienable right and cannot be curbed by the Spanish Constitution. Well, then, why stop with an  autonomous community  as Catalonia is designated? Why don t provinces everywhere have the right to declare their independence? How about cities? Or neighborhoods? Why not my block? I could be the president.And there are many other restive independence movements in the world, like the Kurds in Iraq and Turkey; in Scotland, Belgium and Italy; and California. Lord help us. Many countries are very reluctant to even recognize a new state for fear that it might encourage their own people to break away.If love is blind, nationalism has lost all five senses. If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it.    Eduardo GaleanoU.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told a New York investor conference that Hurricane Irma would ultimately boost the economy by sparking rebuilding. There clearly is going to be an impact on GDP in the short run, we will make it up in the long run. As we rebuild, that will help GDP. It won t have a bad impact on the economy. Hmmm   very interesting   Can we therefore assume that if the damage had been twice as bad it would have boosted the economy even more?Meanwhile, in the non-Trump, non-fantasy world, there is a thing called climate change; i.e. the quality of our lives, the survival of the planet. What keeps corporations from modifying their behavior so as to be kinder to our environment? It is of course the good old  bottom line  again. What can we do to convince the corporations to consistently behave like good citizens? Nothing that hasn t already been tried and failed. Except one thing.   unmentionable in polite company.   unmentionable in a capitalist society.   Nationalization. There, I said it. Now I ll be getting letters addressed to  The Old Stalinist .But nationalization is not a panacea either, at least for the environment. There s the greatest single source of man-made environmental damage in the world   The United States military. And it s already been nationalized. But doing away with private corporations will reduce the drive toward imperialism sufficiently that before long the need for a military will fade away and we can live like Costa Rica. If you think that would put the United States in danger of attack, please tell me who would attack, and why.The argument I like to use when speaking to those who don t accept the idea that extreme weather phenomena are man-made is this:Well, we can proceed in one of two ways:1: We can do our best to limit the greenhouse effect by curtailing greenhouse gas emissions (carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide) into the atmosphere, and if it turns out that these emissions were not in fact the cause of all the extreme weather phenomena, then we ve wasted a lot of time, effort and money (although other benefits to the ecosystem would still accrue).2: We can do nothing at all to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, and if it turns out that these emissions were in fact the leading cause of all the extreme weather phenomena (not simply extreme, but getting downright freaky), then we ve lost the earth and life as we know it.So, are you a gambler?The new Vietnam documentaryAt the beginning of Ken Burns  new documentary on the American war in Vietnam the narrator says the war  was begun in good faith by decent people out of fateful misunderstandings, American overconfidence and Cold War misunderstandings. The early American involvement in Vietnam can be marked by two things in particular: (1) helping the French imperialists in their fight against the forces led by Ho Chi Minh of North Vietnam and (2) the cancellation of the elections that would have united North and South Vietnam as one nation because the US and its South Vietnam allies knew that Ho Chi Minh would win. It was that simple.Nothing of good faith or decency in that scenario. No misunderstandings. Ho Chi Minh was a great admirer of America and its Declaration of Independence. His own actual declaration of 1945 begins with the familiar  All men are created equal. They are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  But Ho Chi Minh was what was called a  communist . It was that simple. (See the Vietnam chapter in my book Killing Hope for the details.)Daniel Ellsberg s conclusion about the US in Vietnam: It wasn t that we were on the wrong side; we were the wrong side. Ms. HillaryShe has a new book out and lots of interviews, all giving her the opportunity to complain about the many forces that joined together to deny her her rightful place as queen. I might feel a bit, just a bit, of sympathy for the woman if not for her greatest crime.There was a country called Libya. It had the highest standard of living in all of Africa; its people had not only free education and health care but all kinds of other benefits that other Africans could only dream about. It was also a secular state, a quality to be cherished in Africa and the Middle East. But Moammar Gaddafi of Libya was never a properly obedient client of Washington. Amongst other shortcomings, the man threatened to replace the US dollar with gold for payment of oil transactions, create a common African currency, and was a strong supporter of the Palestinians and foe of Israel.In 2011, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the prime moving force behind the United States and NATO turning Libya into a failed state, where it remains today.The attack against Libya was one that the New York Times said Clinton had  championed , convincing President Obama in  what was arguably her moment of greatest influence as Secretary of State.  The people of Libya were bombed almost daily for more than six months. The main excuse given was that Gaddafi was about to invade Benghazi, the Libyan center of his opponents, and so the United States and NATO were thus saving the people of that city from a massacre. The American people and the American media of course swallowed this story, though no convincing evidence of the alleged impending massacre has ever been presented. The nearest thing to an official US government account of the matter   a Congressional Research Service report on events in Libya for the period   makes no mention at all of the threatened massacre.The US/NATO heavy bombing sent Libya crashing in utter chaos, leading to the widespread dispersal throughout North African and Middle East hotspots of the gigantic arsenal of weaponry that Gaddafi had accumulated. Libya is now a haven for terrorists, from al Qaeda to ISIS, whereas Gaddafi had been a leading foe of terrorists. He had declared Libya as a barrier to terrorists, as well as African refugees, going to Europe. The bombing has contributed greatly to the area s mammoth refugee crisis.And when Hillary was shown a video about the horrific murder of Gaddafi by his opponents she loudly cackled (yes, that s the word):  We came, we saw, he died!  You can see it on Youtube.There s also her support of placing regime change in Syria ahead of supporting the Syrian government in its struggle against ISIS and other terrorist groups. Even more disastrous was the 2003 US invasion of Iraq which she as a senator supported.If all this is not sufficient to capture the utter charm of the woman, another foreign-policy adventure, one which her swooning followers totally ignore, the few that even know about it, is the coup ousting the moderately progressive Manuel Zelaya of Honduras in June, 2009. A tale told many times in Latin America: The downtrodden masses finally put into power a leader committed to reversing the status quo, determined to try to put an end to two centuries of oppression   and before long the military overthrows the democratically-elected government, while the United States   if not the mastermind behind the coup   does nothing to prevent it or to punish the coup regime, as only the United States can punish; meanwhile Washington officials pretend to be very upset over this  affront to democracy .District of ColumbiaHow many people around the world know that in Washington, DC (District of Columbia, where I live), the capital city of the United States  - the country that is always lecturing the world about this thing called  democracy   - the citizens do not have the final say over making the laws that determine life in their city? Many Americans as well are not aware of this.According to the US Constitution (Section 8) Congress has the final say, and in recent years has blocked the city from using local tax dollars to subsidize abortion for low-income women, blocked the implementation of legal marijuana use, blocked needle exchanges, blocked certain taxes, blocked a law that says employers cannot discriminate against workers based on their reproductive decisions, imposed private schools into the public-school system, and will soon probably block the District s new assisted-suicide law (already blocked in the House of Representatives). On top of all this, since DC is not a state, its citizens do not have any representatives in the Senate and their sole representative in the House has only the barest non-voting, token rights. DC residents did not even have the right to vote for the president until 1964.In 2015 in Brussels, the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization formally voted to accept the District of Columbia as a new member. UNPO is an international democratic organization whose members are indigenous peoples, minorities and unrecognized or occupied territories who have joined together to protect and promote their human and cultural rights, to preserve their environments and to find nonviolent solutions to conflicts which affect them.NOTES1: USA Today, October 11, 1999, p.1 2: Washington Post, May 12, 2009; see a similar story November 5, 2009 3: Walter Isaacson & Evan Thomas, The Wise Men (1986), p.158 4: Associated Press, September 21, 2017 5: New York Times, February 28, 2016 6:  Libya: Transition and U.S. Policy , updated March 4, 2016. 7: RT (Russia Today) television station, January 8, 2016 8: See Mark Weisbrot s  Top Ten Ways You Can Tell Which Side The United States Government is On With Regard to the Military Coup in Honduras ***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21993,EXPLAINED: The West’s NGO ‘Human Rights’ Scam,"Just look around the world and throughout recent history, and you will find a number of compelling cases where western-backed NGOs have frequently acted as enablers for the military interventions, sanctions and economic blockades that followed. Look at Iraq, Libya, Syria, Afghanistan, Yugoslavia, Iran and Sudan   all were given the  human rights  treatment prior to aggressive western actions. In most cases, claims of human rights violations and exaggerated atrocity reports preceded western action. In his 2016 position paper entitled, AN INTRODUCTION: Smart Power & The Human Rights Industrial Complex, 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen raised the alarm about the use of high-profile  human rights  charities and NGOs like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International who have allowed their organisations to be used as pro-interventionist propaganda outlets: Though many human rights charities still market themselves as  neutral  and  nonpartisan , but reality is something very different. With public skepticism of the charity sector already at an all-time high, the danger is clear: if conflicts of interest are not addressed in a serious way, it could eventually undermine the overall credibility of the non-governmental organization (NGO) sector internationally. Below is a video presentation from leading independent military affairs website Southfront which skillfully unravels the West s sophisticated international  third sector  web of NGO s and charities, and how they are used to promote the foreign policy and military objectives of the US and its NATO allies worldwide. Watch: If you enjoyed this presentation, you should also check out this TV special on the problems and conflicts of interest present in high-profile western-backed NGOs:AL-Mayadeen: Patrick Henningsen on Smart Power and The New NGO Complex***SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SMART POWER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Smart Power Files",0
21994,Henningsen on U.S. vs North Korea: ‘Wouldn’t You Want a Nuclear Deterrent?’,"Regarding the current North Korea missile crisis, President Trump s teleprompter-led address to the United Nations General Assembly was provocative, and perhaps counter-productive in terms of achieving peace and stability in the Far East region. Some will even say that it ranks as one of the most embarrassing moments in the history of American international diplomacy. 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to RT International about the danger and the rank hypocrisy of the current hawkish US stance against North Korea, and how the current stand-off is also a kind of  stage-managed geopolitical theatre  driven by big money vested interests in US military s bloated Pacific operation, and also about how the US presence in the region is hampering any chance of peace between South and North Korea. Far from creating peace, the US rhetoric is actually helping to push Pyongyang to acquire a nuclear deterrent. Watch: READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21995,MSM Fake News: How Washington Post Sexed-up its ‘Facebook Russian Bot’ Conspiracy,"This is a story about how once trusted mainstream media outlets like Washington Post and the New York Times have used their vast platforms to distort reality and spread disinformation en masse   to both the American and global public. It s also a story about a new  excuse industry  which has sprung up to medicate Hillary Clinton s tragic defeat.The article below, written by award-winning journalist Robert Parry, reveals the shocking extent to which the establishment is willing to go to achieve both domestic political, and international geopolitical outcomes.In September, we were told by multiple US mainstream media that  suspected Russian operators  used Facebook and Twitter accounts to spread  anti-Clinton  messages which somehow affected the electoral outcome in 2016. This was followed by a dramatic announcement by Facebook officials that they had responded to the crisis by  shutting down  several hundred accounts (approx. 470) suspected to have been created by a firm  linked to the Kremlin  who used  Russian bot  accounts to purchase $100,000 worth of Facebook post ads   3,000 ads in total   over a 3 year period (that s only $33,000 per year) which we re told were  pushing divisive issues during and after the American election campaign  (so said the New York Times).As it turns out, the story was not only wildly exaggerated, it provided a convenient smoke screen to cover-up another case of real collusion.The scale of American propaganda is simply breathtaking.In this single passage taken from the recent New York Times  scoop  on the alleged  Facebook Russian Bot  phenomenon, you can see the full compliment of packaged lies which has become a set piece in US mainstream discourse now: The Russian information attack on the election did not stop with the hacking and leaking of Democratic emails or the fire hose of stories, true, false and in between, that battered Mrs. Clinton on Russian outlets like RT and Sputnik. Far less splashy, and far more difficult to trace, was Russia s experimentation on Facebook and Twitter, the American companies that essentially invented the tools of social media and, in this case, did not stop them from being turned into engines of deception and propaganda. It gets worse though. What the Washington Post and others like the New York Times have obscured from the American people through this massive propaganda exercise   is the Obama Administration and partisan Democrats  own role in helping to generate this contrived conspiracy, or fake news. In the absence of any actual evidence of  collusion  between the Trump campaign and Russia   what we have now is a case of Silicon Valley giant Facebook, actually colluding with the White House and the Federal government officials in order to help fabricate a highly politicized false conviction. Here are some of the main points in the article below:  Powerful politicians pressured Facebook executives to come up with any evidence to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling.  The Washington Post and others tried to convince a naive portion of the public to believe that somehow $100,000 in transient Facebook ad impacted the tens of billions of dollars spent during U.S. political spending for the 2016 election cycle.  With all of the hype about  Russian operatives,  the mainstream media has not produced evidence to show who bought the ads.As journalistic hoaxes go, this is one of the biggest we ve seen.Perhaps an even bigger fraud in all of this however, is how a corporate mainstream media outlet like the Washington Post can use it s unlimited resources and media might to push out a blatantly fake narrative, intentionally distorted to deceive the public in order to achieve some partisan political objective   and then site on the board of the establishment s  First Draft  project which they claim is leading the fight against  fake news . How can a major purveyor of fake news be left to lead the fight to  tackle fake news ?  This is the danger of allowing an establishment cartel comprising of the corporate media, Facebook, Google and other tech monopolies   to devise their own information policing regime.More on this incredible story from award-winning Consortium News here . . By Robert ParrySome people are calling the anti-Russian hysteria being whipped up across the U.S. mainstream news media a new  golden age of American journalism,  although it looks to me more like a new age of yellow journalism, prepping the people for more military spending, more  information warfare  and more actual war.Yes, without doubt, President Trump is a boorish and dangerous demagogue, now highlighted by his reckless speech before the United Nations last week, his schoolyard Tweet taunts toward North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, and his ugly denunciation of black athletes for protesting against police killings of often unarmed African-Americans.And, yes, I know that some people feel that the evidence-lite and/or false allegations about  Russian meddling  are the golden ticket to Trump s impeachment. But the unprofessional behavior of The New York Times, The Washington Post and pretty much the entire mainstream media regarding Russia-gate cannot be properly justified by the goal of removing Trump from office.Ethically in journalism, the ends   however much you might wish them to succeed   cannot justify the means, if those means involve violating rules of evidence and principles of fairness. Journalism should be a place where all sides get a fair shake, not where some get a bum s rush.But the U.S. mainstream media has clearly joined the anti-Trump Resistance and hates Russian President Vladimir Putin, too. So, we are given such travesties of journalism as appeared as a banner headline across the front page of Monday s Washington Post, another screed about how Russia supposedly used Facebook ads to flip last November s election for Trump.The article purports to give the inside story of how Facebook belatedly came to grips with how the  company s social network played a key role in the U.S. election,  but actually it is a story about how powerful politicians bullied Facebook into coming up with something   anything   to support the narrative of  Russian meddling,  including direct interventions by President Obama and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee and a key legislator regarding regulation of high-tech industries.Finding the  Evidence In other words, Facebook was sent back again and again to find what Obama and Warner wanted the social media company to find. Eventually, Facebook turned up $100,000 in ads from 2015 into 2017 that supposedly were traced somehow to Russia. These ads apparently addressed political issues in America although Facebook has said most did not pertain directly to the presidential election and some ads were purchased after the election.Left out of the Post s latest opus is what a very small pebble these ads were   even assuming that Russians did toss the $100,000 or so in ad buys into the very large lake of billions of dollars in U.S. political spending for the 2016 election cycle. It also amounts to a miniscule fraction of Facebook s $27 billion in annual revenue.So the assertion that this alleged  meddling    and we ve yet to see any evidence connecting these ads to the Russian government    played a key role in the U.S. election  is both silly and outrageous, especially given the risks involved in stoking animosities between nuclear-armed Russia and nuclear-armed America.Facebook: Colluding with government.Even the Post s alarmist article briefly acknowledges that it is still unclear who bought the ads, referring to the purchasers as  suspected Russian operatives.  In other words, we don t even know that the $100,000 in ads over three years came from Russians seeking to influence the U.S. election. (By comparison, many Facebook advertisers   even some small businesses   spend $100,000 per day on their ads, not $100,000 over three years.)But this diminutive effort by  suspected Russian operatives doesn t stop the Post from going on and on about  fake news  and  disinformation,  albeit again without offering evidence or specifics of any Russian  fake news  or  disinformation. It has simply become Official Washington s new groupthink to say that everything linked to Russia or its international TV network RT is  fake news  or  disinformation  even though examples are lacking or often turn out to be false accusations themselves.For instance, there is nothing in the Post s article acknowledging that nothing from the various Democratic email disclosures, which have been blamed on Russia (again without real evidence), has been identified as untrue. So, how can truthful information, whether you like how it was obtained or not, be  fake news  or  disinformation ?Falsehood as FactBut Monday s Post expos  simply asserts the claim as flat fact. Or as the article asserts:  what Russian operatives posted on Facebook was, for the most part, indistinguishable from legitimate political speech. The difference was the accounts that were set up to spread the misinformation and hate were illegitimate. In responsible journalism, such an accusation would be followed by a for-instance, giving an example of  the misinformation and hate  that the  Russian operatives    note how they have been magically transformed from  suspected Russian operatives  to simply  Russian operatives    were disseminating.But there is no example of the Russian  misinformation and hate,  a classic violation of the reporting principle of  show, don t tell.  In this story, it s all tell and no show.Indeed, what is shown in the article is often contradictory to the story s conclusion. The article says, for instance,  A review by the company found that most of the groups behind the problematic pages had clear financial motives, which suggested that they weren t working for a foreign government. But amid the mass of data the company was analyzing, the security team did not find clear evidence of Russian disinformation or ad purchases by Russian-linked accounts. So, Facebook initially   after extensive searching   did not find evidence of a Russian operation. Then, after continued pressure from high-level Democrats, Facebook continued to scour its system and again found nothing, or as the Post article acknowledged, Facebook  had searched extensively for evidence of foreign purchases of political advertising but had come up short. That prompted Warner to fly out to Silicon Valley to personally press Facebook executives to come up with the evidence to support the Democrats  theory about Russia paying for carefully targeted anti-Clinton ads in key districts.The Post s article reported that  Finally, [Facebook Chief Security Officer Alex] Stamos appealed to Warner for help: If U.S. intelligence agencies had any information about the Russian operation or the troll farms it used to disseminate misinformation, they should share it with Facebook. The company is still waiting, people involved in the matter said. Under PressureStill, faced with extraordinary pressure from senior Democrats, Facebook finally delivered the desired results, or as the Post reported,  By early August, Facebook had identified more than 3,000 ads addressing social and political issues that ran in the United States between 2015 and 2017 and that appear to have come from accounts associated with the [St. Petersburg, Russia-based] Internet Research Agency. So, the ads covering three years, including post-election 2017, only  appear  to be  associated  with some private Russian operation that only allegedly has ties to the Kremlin. And the total sums of the ad buys are infinitesimal compared to what it actually takes to have any real impact on Facebook or in a U.S. presidential election.If the context of this story were changed slightly   say, it was about the U.S. government trying to influence public opinion in another country (which actually does happen quite a bit)   the Post would be among the first news outlets to laugh off such allegations or dismiss the vague accusations as a conspiracy theory, but since these allegations fit with the prejudices of the Post s editors, an entirely different set of journalistic standards is applied.What the article also ignores is the extraordinary degree of coercion that such high-level political pressure can put on a company that recognizes its vulnerability to government regulation.As Facebook has acknowledged in corporate filings,  Action by governments to restrict access to Facebook in their countries could substantially harm our business and financial results. It is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on Facebook in their country, restrict access to Facebook from their country entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of Facebook in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely.  In the event that access to Facebook is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access, our ability to retain or increase our user base and user engagement may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. Avoiding RealityIn other words, another way to have framed this story is that powerful politicians who could severely harm Facebook s business model were getting in the face of Facebook executives and essentially demanding that they come up with something to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling. The Democratic leaders wanted this finding as an explanation for Hillary Clinton s (image, left) stunning defeat, rather than going through the painful process of examining why the party has steadily lost ground in white working-class areas across the country.What is missed in these Russia-bashing articles is that the Democratic brand has been sinking for years, including massive losses in statehouses across the country as well as in Congress. The party s decline was not a one-off event with Donald Trump suddenly snaking away with significant parts of the white working class because the Russians bought some Facebook ads.However, instead of looking in the mirror, national Democrats demanded that Facebook executives ferret out whatever tiny or imaginary information there might be about some Russians buying Facebook ads   and then allow those coerced findings to be fed into the excuse industry for why Hillary Clinton lost.And, what about the Post s repeated accusations about Russia engaging in  disinformation  and  fake news  without offering a single example? Apparently, these assertions have become such articles of faith in the U.S. mainstream media that they don t require any proof.However, honest journalism demands examples and evidence, not just vague accusations. The reality is that the U.S. government has stumbled again and again when seeking to paint RT as a disinformation outlet or a vehicle for undermining American democracy.For instance, the Jan. 6 report on alleged Russian  cyber operations,  released by Obama s Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, included a lengthy appendix, dated from 2012, which decried RT for such offenses as allowing a debate among third-party presidential candidates who had been excluded from the Republican-Democratic debates; covering the Occupy Wall Street protests; and citing the environmental dangers from  fracking. The idea that American democracy is threatened by allowing third-party candidates or other American dissidents to have a voice is at best an upside-down understanding of democracy and, more likely, an exercise in hypocritical propaganda.False AccusationsAnother misfired attempt to discredit RT came from Obama s Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy Richard Stengel, who issued a  Dipnote  in April 2014, which helped establish the narrative of RT as a source of Russian disinformation.For instance, Stengel claimed that RT reported a  ludicrous assertion  that the United States had spent $5 billion to produce Ukraine s  regime change  in February 2014.But what Stengel, a former managing editor of Time magazine, apparently failed to understand was that RT was referring to a public speech by Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013, in which she told them that  we have invested more than $5 billion  in what was needed for Ukraine to achieve its  European aspirations.  In other words, the RT report wasn t  ludicrous  at all.Nuland also was a leading proponent of  regime change  in Ukraine who personally cheered on the Maidan demonstrators, even passing out cookies. In an intercepted pre-coup phone call with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, Nuland discussed who should run the new government and pondered with Pyatt how to  glue  or  midwife this thing. So, Stengel was the one disseminating false information, not RT.Similarly, senior U.S. politicians, including Hillary Clinton, and the U.S. mainstream media have falsely asserted that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies signed off on the Russia-did-it hacking claims.For months, that canard was used to silence skepticism. After all, how could you question something that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies confirmed to be true?But it turned out that   as DNI Clapper, himself a hardline Russia-basher, belatedly acknowledged   the Jan. 6 report on the alleged Russian hacking was the work of  hand-picked  analysts from only three agencies, the CIA, FBI and NSA, and the  assessment  itself admitted that it was not asserting the Russian conclusion as fact, only the analysts  opinion.The New York Times finally retracted its use of the fake claim about  all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies  in late June 2017 although it wouldn t let the lie lie, so instead the Times made misleading references to a  consensus  among U.S. intelligence agencies without using the number Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
21996,SUNDAY SCREENING: Overpill (2017),"This week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. The US has a highly developed pharmaceutical industry offering treatments for all kinds of mental disorders. Millions of Americans are being medicated for ailments as diverse as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and many others. Even young children are being put on psychiatric drugs. If parents decline such treatment, social services may intervene. Many patients, who ve been taking these pills for years, insist that they do more harm than good. They have experienced disturbing side effects such as suicidal thoughts, addiction and even neurological damage. A lot of patients were put on their medication as children and by the time they were legally old enough to decide for themselves, they had already become addicted. They testify that breaking their dependency on the drugs is extremely difficult because, like any habit forming narcotic, they cause severe withdrawal symptoms.RTD meets some of the sufferers to hear their stories of battling to shake off prescribed medicines. Father of 5, Josh, was given anxiety medication, it caused Akathisia and Dystonia. Both are physical disorders causing involuntary and uncontrolled body movement and have left him disabled. Olivia s son was prescribed psychiatric drugs to treat Attention Deficit Disorder (ADHD). Olivia soon noticed side effects and refused to continue giving him the pills. He was taken by social services and hospitalised.  These stories and more.RTD meets a few of them. Watch this incredible documentary film:. Run time: 49 min Writer & Director: Petr Timofeev Distributor: RT-TV Novosti (2017)SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
21997,"Episode #203 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘The Dotard Effect’ with guests Mike Robinson, Basil Valentine"," Episode #203 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Sept 24th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from Southwest England with host Patrick Henningsen joined in studio by Mike Robinson editor of the UK Column, covering the biggest international stories this week. In the first hour, we ll cover the North Korea Crisis and Trump s debacle at the UN General Assembly, and B-1 bomber nuke flyer over. What are the chances for diplomacy? Also, America s increasingly loopy Russiaphobia rabbit hole, internet censorship and cultural and political speech monopoly of Google and Facebook and their mainstream media accomplices, and the deceptive  academic  projects designed to defame independent media outlets who dare to question the official myth of the White Helmets. We ll also  unpack  (excuse our use of dumbed-down American pseudo-intellectual slang) the #BREXIT deception, as the smoke and mirrors in Westminster continues, and why Britain will remain in the EU after all the theatrics have passed, and the Kurdish Referendum too and what it means, also with US and its SDF proxies in Syria caught aiding and abetting ISIS again. In the final hour, we may try and connect with SUNDAY WIRE roving correspondent for Culture & Sport, Basil Valentine live from the Labour Party Conference in Brighton, England   where Corbyn Mania continues, along with week s most shocking stories in internationally, including Tony Blair s new political party (?). Enjoy the show   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #203Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
21998,Undercutting the Nation State? Chicago Group Suggests ‘Global Cities’ Should Run World Affairs,"Mark Anderson TRUTH HOUNDCHICAGO, Ill.   The  Disruptive Forces Changing Cities,  program, conducted by the Chicago Council of Global Affairs Sept. 15, was a textbook case of an elite organization pursuing a tightly planned, dictatorial society while sounding like it s seeking a democratic, promising vision of fairness and prosperity for all.It s all being spearheaded in accordance with the growing  global cities  movement that gradually challenges the authority of the very nation-states that the world s primary cities inhabit.This approach, according to several CCGA-aligned think tanks, journalists and others supporting the Global Parliament of Mayors and similar groupings, amounts to a direct challenge to national authority, in order to usurp some of the key powers delegated to national governments by their charters and constitutions.Since this movement chisels away at the constitutional foundations of nations, it risks undermining them in a way that would redraw the lines of governance, in a manner that s highly unpredictable, and potentially radical and unlawful. The policy areas over which cities want to assume much more influence (and, ultimately, exert control) include battling climate change, regulating immigration in order to increase it while providing sanctuary cities, along with sparking job growth and several other things even including the seemingly improbable realm of foreign policy, where you d think mayors would not tread.The CCGA s latest program Sept. 15, held on-the-record at the organization s conference center in the Prudential Building on Randolph Street, was a continuation of many of the themes covered in early June 2016 and June 2017 at the CCGA s annual all-day Forum on Global Cities. The keynote speaker Sept. 15 was Amy Liu, who s Vice President and Director of the Metropolitan Policy Program at Washington D.C. s Brookings Institution.She s considered  a national expert on cities and metropolitan areas adept at translating research and insights into action on the ground. As director of Brookings Metro, which Liu co-founded in 1996, she pioneered the program s signature approach to policy and practice, which uses rigorous research to inform strategies for economic growth and opportunity,  a CCGA representative said while introducing Liu in Chicago.Prior to her Brookings work, Liu was Special Assistant to [U.S. Housing and Urban Development] Secretary Henry Cisneros and staffed the U.S. Senate Banking Committee s Subcommittee on Housing and Urban Affairs. She holds a Northwestern University degree in social policy and urban studies.Her remarks were promoted via the CCGA website with statements like,  Cities are increasingly driving the global economy  but  numerous disruptive forces . . . threaten to deepen inequality and economic exclusion, unless cities adapt and evolve. And while Liu spoke of the choices that municipal leaders will need to make, in order to give their workforces access to basic things like skills, (and to  foster innovation and entrepreneurship,  while  deepening regional connections ) the key to understanding her message is discerning what she and the CCGA mean by  global forces of disruption. To address such matters, Liu spoke solo and then collaborated with CCGA moderator Niamh King, who, prior to joining the CCGA, worked for the European Commission and the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, among several other posts.Liu began her talk by saying she wants cities to be  vibrant  places to work and live, but due to America s current national discourse under President Trump,  we are turning our backs on climate change, on the poor and the working class  while also betraying  our values as a nation of immigrants.  Moreover,  people of all races and religions  are being neglected under this national discourse. So rather than take us backwards, the nation needs our cities to move us forward,  Liu carefully stated, presenting a thinly-veiled claim that the nation-state, especially a more nationalist one, represents a barrier to what internationalist-oriented cities can do.Thus, the world s cities, in essence, need to run their nations, she implied. Accordingly, she called for a future that s  hyper-global, more digital, more urban, more multi-racial and multi-ethnic. But her concern is that  these very same forces of progress can also be great sources of division.  Technology, for example, creates opportunities for some  but destroys it for others,  favoring the highly-skilled while abandoning those who cannot keep pace.To combat such disparities, Liu stressed that local leaders need to build  inclusive  local and regional economies  that radically adapt to disruption and future-proof our cities.  Citing her Brookings work, she said cities therefore should pursue three goals:  Growth, prosperity and inclusion. That, she added, means  quality growth of good jobs  to seek better prosperity, but to achieve this inclusion, the benefits, especially in terms of better incomes, must accrue to all members of the community,  closing disparities by race and by place. She also said that 63 U.S. metro areas out of 100 experienced economic growth and job hikes between 2010 and 2015, according to Brookings research. But several cities only saw growth in lesser-quality jobs, while only eight made significant economic progress in inclusion  for whites and people of color. Liu also stressed,  The nation s economic growth is not felt by most people . . . as a whole the bottom 50% of income-earners, the middle class, the working class, the poor, have made no ground. So the bulk of the nation s income gains have accrued to the top earners.  From this, she concluded that it s up to the cities to bridge these gaps and solve the problems.Liu then cited  historic policies and attitudes  that she feels have  held us back  in tackling such inequities. Accordingly, at this point, she delved into  the disruptive forces facing cities  and  how city leaders can adapt to disruption. DOUBLE-SPEAK DETECTEDIronically, Liu spoke of these disruptive forces, which are mainly macroeconomic in nature, as if they re akin to the four horsemen of the apocalypse globalization, urbanization, technology and demographic change,  which, she warned, are  upending existing systems. She went on to say that while globalization has supposedly slowed down, free trade is going strong, accounting  for 40% of world economic value. Trade, she deduced from this, has  tremendous economic value  because firms that export their wares hire more people and pay better wages than non-exporting firms, yet, while downplaying the immense damage free trade has wrought lest groupings like Brookings and the CCGA lose the narrative in their constant support for more free-trade treaties she admitted that U.S. voters in the last election made it clear that globalization has left many without jobs for extended time periods.Showing a color-coded map, she also said that  federal adjustment assistance  has been extended to more than two million Americans in the past two decades those whose jobs were terminated  due to trade,  with  70% of such workers living in large and small metropolitan areas.  The  trade pain was most felt in the industrial communities in the Midwest and the South,  she also conceded.BENDING PEOPLE TO THE SYSTEM, NOT VICE VERSABut the crux of the matter shone through when she stated;  I would say that the problem isn t so much globalization, but the failure of our public policies to help people and to help communities adjust to the new world order Continue this article at The Truth HoundREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
21999,CIA Operative Admits Deep State Globalist Control – The Game of Nations,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIn the famous treatise by Miles Copeland, Game of Nations, the devious middle eastern CIA operative spills the beans in this infamous 1969 work on covert operations and regime changes. Not only does Copeland detail the various US puppets and stooges, but also how game theory played into the predictive computer models available even in the late 60s.  The regime change models of the 50s and 60s would be studied as part of Rand Corporation and other think tank and NGO models for remodeling, not just the Middle East, but any nations that run afoul of the Western globalists. This is a partial talk   the full is available by subscription at JaysAnalysis.com. Watch:Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22000,Boiler Room EP #127 – The Oppression Commiseration (And Similar Topics),"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki the Nameless One & Randy J for the hundred and twenty seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing Morgan Freeman promoting the #TrumpRussia psyop, the most expensive cities in the US, Jim Carrey s odd behavior captured recently on camera, the general degeneracy of Hollywood, Evergreen State College settling $500,000 claim by professors who were told to leave campus for being white, the upcoming  Free Speech Week  at Berkeley and much more.Direct Download Episode #127Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22001,"The Secret Society That Ruined the World: Rhodes, Rothschild, Milner","IMAGE: Globalist scribe for the American branch of international order, Carol Quigley.Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIn this partial video, I continue my analysis of Quigley s later work, The Anglo American Establishment, following upon my lectures last year on the total 1300 pages of Tragedy and Hope. Here, we look deeper into the key players who make up the real Illuminati that successfully engineered the faux democracy of the modern world, run by a shadow banking-corporate empire.This is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental Atlanticist apologetic Tragedy and Hope   based on Quigley s other telling book, The Anglo-American Establishment. The first section is free, while subscribers gain access to full talks and lectures. The goals which Rhodes and Milner sought and the methods by which they hoped to achieve them were so similar by 1902 that the two are almost indistinguishable Both sought to unite the world, and above all the English-speaking world in a federal structure around Britain. Both felt that this goal could best be achieved by a secret band of men united to one another by devotion to the common cause and by personal loyalty to one another. Both felt that this band should pursue its goal by secret political and economic influence behind the scenes and by the control of journalistic, educational, and propaganda agencies.    Quigley (Namely, the Liberal Imperium.)YouTube:Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22002,"Trump Bares Himself at UNGA, “In a Kind of Neocon Full Monte”"," President Trump speaking at the UNGA. (Photo: Screenshot)Robert Parry Consortium NewsIn discussing President Trump, there is always the soft prejudice of low expectations   people praise him for reading from a Teleprompter even if his words make little sense   but there is no getting around the reality that his maiden address to the United Nations General Assembly must rank as  one of the most embarrassing moments in America s relations with the global community.Trump offered a crude patchwork of propaganda and bluster, partly delivered as a campaign speech praising his own leadership   boasting about the relatively strong U.S. economy that he mostly inherited from President Obama   and partly reflecting his continued subservience to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.However, perhaps most importantly, Trump s speech may have extinguished any flickering hope that his presidency might achieve some valuable course corrections in how the United States deals with the world, i.e., shifting away from the disastrous war/interventionist policies of his two predecessors.Before the speech, there was at least some thinking that his visceral disdain for the neoconservatives, who mostly opposed his nomination and election, might lead him to a realization that their policies toward Iran, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere were at the core of America s repeated and costly failures in recent decades.Instead, apparently after a bracing lecture from Netanyahu on Monday, Trump bared himself in a kind of neocon Full Monte: He repeated the Israeli/neocon tripe about Iran destabilizing the Middle East when Shiite-ruled Iran actually has helped stabilize Iraq and Syria against Sunni terrorist groups and other militants supported by Saudi Arabia and   to a degree   Israel; He again denounced the Iranian nuclear agreement whose main flaw in the eyes of the Israelis and the neocons is that it disrupted their plans to bomb-bomb-bomb Iran, and he called for  regime change  in Iran, a long beloved dream of the Israelis and the neocons; He repeated the Israeli/neocon propaganda about Hezbollah as a terrorist organization when Hezbollah s real crime was driving the Israeli military out of southern Lebanon in 2000, ending an Israeli occupation that began with Israel s 1982 invasion; He praised his rush-to-judgment decision to bomb Syria last April, in line with Israeli/neocon propaganda against President Bashar al-Assad and partly out of a desire to please the same Washington establishment that is still scheming how to impeach him; He spoke with the crass hypocrisy that the neocons and many Israeli leaders have perfected, particularly his demand that  all nations   respect   the rights of every other sovereign nation    when he made clear that he, like his White House predecessors, is ready to violate the sovereignty of other nations that get in Official Washington s way.A Litany of WarsJust this century, the United States has invaded multiple nations without U.N. authorization, based on various  coalitions of the willing  and other subterfuges for wars of aggression, which the Nuremberg Tribunals deemed the  supreme international crime  and which the U.N. was specifically created to prevent.Not only did President George W. Bush invade both Afghanistan and Iraq   while also sponsoring  anti-terror  operations in many other countries   but President Barack Obama acknowledged ordering military attacks in seven countries, including against the will of sovereign states, such as Libya and Syria. Obama also supported a violent coup against the elected government of Ukraine.For his part, Trump already has shown disdain for international law by authorizing military strikes inside Yemen and Syria. In other words, if not for the fear of provoking American anger, many of the world s diplomats might have responded with a barrage of catcalls toward Trump for his blatant hypocrisy. Without doubt, the United States is the preeminent violator of sovereignty and international law in the world today, yet Trump wagged his finger at others, including Russia (over Ukraine) and China (over the South China Sea).He declared:  We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. Then, with a seeming blindness to how much of the world sees the United States as a law onto itself, Trump added:  The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. Of course, in the U.S. mainstream media s commentary that followed, Trump s hypocrisy went undetected. That s because across the American political/media establishment, the U.S. right to act violently around the world is simply accepted as the way things are supposed to be. International law is for the other guy; not for the  indispensible nation,  not for the  sole remaining superpower. On Bibi s LeashDespite some of his  America First  rhetoric   tossed in as red meat to his  base    Trump revealed a global outlook that differed from the Bush-Obama neoconservative/liberal-interventionist approach in words only. In substance, Trump appears to be just the latest American poodle on Bibi Netanyahu s leash.For instance, Trump bragged about attacking Syria over a dubious chemical-weapons claim while ignoring the role of the Saudi/Israeli tandem in assisting Al Qaeda and its Syrian affiliate; Trump threatened the international nuclear agreement with Iran while calling for regime change in Tehran, two of Netanyahu s top priorities; and Trump warned that he would  totally destroy North Korea  over its nuclear and missile programs while making no mention of Israel s rogue nuclear arsenal and sophisticated delivery capabilities.Ignoring Saudi Arabia s ties to terrorism, Trump touted his ludicrous summit in Riyadh in which he danced with swords and let King Salman and other corrupt Persian Gulf monarchs, who have long winked and nodded at ideological and logistical support going to Al Qaeda and other Islamic terror groups, pretend their governments were joining an anti-terror coalition.Exploding the myth that he is at least a street-smart operator who can t be easily conned, Trump added,  In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them. No wonder Netanyahu seemed so pleased with Trump s speech. The Israeli prime minister could have written it himself while allowing Trump to add a few crude flourishes, like calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  Rocket Man   on a suicide mission ; referring to  the loser terrorists ; and declaring that many parts of the world are  going to hell. Trump also tossed in a plug for his  new strategy for victory  in Afghanistan and threw in some interventionist talk regarding the Western Hemisphere with more threats to Cuba and Venezuela about escalating sanctions and other activities to achieve more  regime change  solutions.So, what Trump made clear in his U.N. address is that his  America First  and  pro-sovereignty  rhetoric is simply cover for a set of policies that are indistinguishable from those pushed by the neocons of the Bush administration or the liberal interventionists of the Obama administration. The rationalizations may change but the endless wars and  regime change  machinations continue. Watch Trump s full speech here: *** READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22003,American McCarthyism: Neocon Warhawks’ Plan to Kill Antiwar Dissent in Media,"21st Century Wire says After 12 months of perpetrating one of the greatest political hoaxes in history   blaming Russia for the Presidential victory of Donald Trump   the Washington establishment is now wanting to take the lie to the next level by sanctioning not only Russian international media outlets, but any media outlet (see one of their guide lists here) who dare to violate the mainstream party line on the US war agenda by broadcasting to an America audience  forcing them the register as  foreign agents  under the FARA Act of 1934. CrossTalk says:  The television station you are watching now and the Russian news agency Sputnik may find themselves in legal jeopardy in the United States. The drive to designate both as foreign agents under the  Foreign Agents Registration Act  is disturbing and dangerous. It would seem those in power decide who can freely speak. Host Peter Lavelle is CrossTalking with guests Scott Rickard, Neil Clark, and Alexander Nekrassov.Watch this incredible discussion on how Washington is degenerating into a paranoid NeoMcCarthyist den of political scape-goatists   whose chief aim is to shut down any dissenting voices against America s policy of endless war around the globe:. READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22004,Ron Paul Liberty Report: US-Saudi Arms Trafficking to Terrorists in Syria,"Back in July, 21WIRE detailed the investigative work of Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva, and her report which exposed a US and Saudi Arabia-sponsored international weapons trafficking operation   where arms purchased through third parties and ferried on diplomatic flights using Azerbaijan state-run airlines, Silkway Airlines. The illegal program was launched under President Barack Obama in 2012 and continues to this day under Donald Trump. Despite bountiful evidence, the western mainstream media has simply ignored and steered away from this story. Liberty Report asks:  Why is the Pentagon spending billions of dollars purchasing Soviet and east European weapons to ship to Syrian rebels? A blockbuster Bulgarian investigative report exposes the lies and illegality of the purchases and shipments; several mainstream investigations corroborate the Bulgarian report. Investigative Reporter Dilyana Gaytandzhieva joins Daniel McAdams host of the Liberty Report to explain her incredible findings. Watch:. Read Dilyana Gaytandzhieva s extensive report here: https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22005,What a Wonderful World – US Saviour Complex,"Bruno Guigue 21st Century WirePurveyor of platitudes, the West portrays itself as the epitome of universal values . A paragon of democracy, this champion of human rights always deploys its presumed virtues in support of its hegemonic ambitions. Like the Fairy Godmother, doing her best to match her morals with her interests, she veils her ambitions with the cloak of Law and Justice. Thus, the  Free World  goes about bombing foreign nations for the sake of  democracy , preferably in oil or mineral-rich territories. By combining a simple creed with capitalist greed, it is acting as if it can convert its economic supremacy into moral privilege.The rest of the world is not fooled by these tactics, but who cares? The  Free World  is always right because it represents the  good fight  and for as long as it is the most powerful, it will not be contradicted. The inherent barbarism that it projects onto others is the counter to its self-proclaimed monopoly on  civilization .Sanctified by the holy order of  right to intervene , a marriage of the GI sandbags with the Kouchner-style bag of rice, the West, vassalized by Washington, believes wholeheartedly that they can save the world by subjugating it to the pitiless ravages demanded by the financial vultures and military industrial complex.This supremacist enterprise was not born yesterday. It was midwived in the historical period dear to Fernand Braudel, that of the emergence of the  world economy. Driven by its superior technological advances, since the Renaissance, the western world has propelled itself towards the conquest of our planet earth. Patiently, the west has appropriated other cultures, other worlds, and twisted them into its own image, enforcing obeissance and imitation, eliminating all those who would not conform. Its certitude is untroubled by its own hypocrisy, the West perceives itself as a metaphor for this world. The West wanted to expand from being a part of the world into being the  whole.  In the same way today, we see countries comprising 10% of the world s population portraying themselves as the  International Community. Over the last three centuries, colonial conquest has demonstrated the West s desire to expand its influence beyond its own boundaries, under the banner of bringing  civilization  to the under-developed. This global domination project was temporarily derailed by the uprising of the colonized peoples in the 20th Century, but it made a triumphant return with its North American branch of hegemony.America, the  Far West   discovered  by Christopher Columbus in search of the  Far East , inherited the  Old Continent  penchant for imperialism and rapacious carpet-baggery. The US converted its lack of history into the promise of a   better future , emerging suddenly from Anglo-Saxon puritanism, the US magnified the globalist  for profit  ethos. Paid for with the blood of the American-Indian genocide, America was born, the newly minted metaphor for the world.It is not certain that this change was for the better. Colonial empires collapsed under the weight of their archaic structures, while US hegemony maintains itself through modern technology channels, from Google to drone warfare. Suddenly the US was the most supple and resilient. What imbues it with flexibility also ensures its longevity. From the white pith helmet of the european colonial overlords to the digital screens of US cyber warfare, a revolution took place. The US substituted a shock-colonization, dismantled after bloody decolonization conflict, with a multi-faceted hegemonic enterprise. Taking over from the classic colonial three  M s, the  made in the US  NGOs replaced the Christian missionary complex,  merchants  became multi-nationals and the  soldiers  converted to cyber supremacy.Emboldened by the die-hard spirit of  born again  Midwesterners, the American empire is projecting its devastating Manichaeism upon the rest of the world. Dreaming with its eyes wide open, the US envisages a definitive alliance between good and evil, the indestructible pillar upon which to build a straightforward ethnocentrism. The  law  is on their side as it  embodies the core values of  democracy, human rights and market economy .  Obviously, this is a crude ideology, a fraudulent mask for its own sordid interests, but it is effective. Its efficacy is proven by the popular consensus that the  US won the second world war, capitalism works, Cuba is a tropical gulag, Assad is worse than Hitler and that North Korea is a threat to the world. This process of self-beatification, bestows upon the North-American-Empire zealots, the right to track down all  Evil  in the world. No scruples will impede its saviour frenzy, it is the very incarnation of such an  exceptional civilization , that it must cleanse the world of barbarism by all means at its disposal. That is why modern imperialism functions as a court of  universal  law, a judge, that rewards or punishes where it sees fit. Before this elevated  moral  jurisdiction, the CIA represents the prosecution, the Pentagon is the secular chamber, the US President is the high court judge, a  deus ex machina , invoking divine justice, the lightning strike, upon the  Axis of Evil  and any other sinners circulating in the court of the  Empire of Good .This tendency for the US to see itself as the moral compass for the world is central to this structure and is unperturbed by the rapid turn-around of Presidents in the White House, a new tenant changes nothing. Washington s  crusade  against the  barbarians  conceals the unbridled greed of the Military Industrial Complex and the iron claw of the deep state. From Harry Truman to Donald Trump with Barack Obama inbetween, from Korea to Vietnam to Syria, Indonesia, Angola, Mozambique, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Chile, South Africa, Serbia, Afghanistan, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, Libya, death is the cure, by proxy or directly, for all those who oppose the saviour s kingdom of universal justice. Philanthropic America  always harnesses the local labour force to carry out its dirty work.  Franco, Hitler and Mussolini (until 1939), Chiang Kai Shek, Somoza, Syngman Rhee, Ngo Dinh Diem, Salazar, Batista, Mobutu, Marcos, Trujillo, Pik Botha, Duvalier, Suharto, Papadopoulos, Castelo Branco, Videla, Pinochet, Stroessner, Reza Shah Pahlevi, Zia Ul Haqq, Bin Laden, Uribe, King Salman, Nethanyahu, Ukrainian Nazis and the  moderate terrorists  in the Middle East have been of invaluable service to Empire.Undisputed leader of the  Free World,  America claims to embody  civilization  while obliterating entire populations with nuclear weapons, napalm or a rain of cruise missiles. Sometimes it chooses a slow death for its prey, with Agent Orange, depleted uranium, or with punitive embargoes on medicines and humanitarian aid.While America is never short of sychophants praising their  services to Humanity , the evidence is irrefutable, that the collapse of this Empire would be a cause for celebration.Translation by Vanessa Beeley for 21st Century Wire*** Bruno Guigue is a French author and political analyst born in Toulouse 1962. Professor of philosophy and lecturer in international relations for highter education. The author of 5 books including  Aux origines du conflit Isra lo-Arabe, l invisible remords de l Occident (L Harmattan, 2002).SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22006,Henningsen on CrossTalk Debating ‘Trump & His Generals’,"Has President Trump handed over US foreign policy to an elite clique of military generals?RT says:  Candidate Donald Trump ran on a campaign that not only questioned many foreign policy orthodoxies, but also lashed out against the neoconservative view of the world. Today the president is surrounded by men in uniform. Some are calling this a soft coup. CrossTalking with host Peter Lavelle are panel guests Michael O Hanlon (Brookings Institute), Thomas Palley (New America Foundation), and 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen.. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22007,Boiler Room EP #126 – Immigration Consternation,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Funk$oul & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR Contributors,) for the hundred and twenty sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the consternation associated with immigration, DACA, Trump making deals with D.C. Swamp-critters like Schumer and Pelosi, technology,  not-so-free markets,  9-11, Hesher s chat with Psonick and the Type 1 Radio crew along with Dr. Judy Wood and Andrew Johnson and much more.Direct Download Episode #126 (Link Available Shortly After Live Recording)Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22008,"Boiler Room EP #125 – Live From the Swamp Train with FunkSoul, Randy J, Patrick Henningsen","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Funk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE Contributors), and Patrick Henningsen (21WIRE) for the 125th episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing Hurricane Irma, weather modification, the off the charts levels of so called political correctness in Washington DC as reported live by Sunday Wire s Patrick Henningsen, establishment are still actively pushing lies about the war in Syria, the good/bad/ugly business of  disaster relief charities,  reactionaries still blaming Hurricane Harvey on climate change, the repeal of DACA and the challenges for the left and the right to have any sort of beneficial dialog about immigration realities, platforms and policies in the environment of media driven, knee jerk, emotionally charged politicization of the topic.Direct Download Episode #125Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22009,Jimmy Carter: ‘Koreans Want Peace Treaty to Replace 1953 Ceasefire’,"21st Century Wire says Reframing the current diplomatic crisis in North Korea is essential if genuine progress is to be made in diffusing the current tense situation.Former US President Jimmy Carter is suggesting just that. But will the hawks in Washington listen?. The Carter CenterThe harsh rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries, and has probably eliminated any chance of good faith peace talks between the United States and North Korea. In addition to restraining the warlike rhetoric, our leaders need to encourage talks between North Korea and other countries, especially China and Russia. The recent UN Security Council unanimous vote for new sanctions suggests that these countries could help.  In all cases, a nuclear exchange must be avoided. All parties must assure North Koreans they we will forego any military action against them if North Korea remains peaceful.President Jimmy CarterI have visited North Korea three times, and have spent more than 20 hours in discussions with their political leaders regarding important issues that affect U.S.-DPRK relations.In June 1994, I met with Kim Il Sung in a time of crisis, when he agreed to put all their nuclear programs under strict supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency and to seek mutual agreement with the United States on a permanent peace treaty, to have summit talks with the president of South Korea, to expedite the recovery of the remains of American service personnel buried in his country, and to take other steps to ease tension on the peninsula. Kim Il Sung died shortly after my visit, and his successor, Kim Jong Il, notified me and leaders in Washington that he would honor the promises made by his father. These obligations were later confirmed officially in negotiations in Geneva by Robert Gallucci and other representatives of the Clinton administration.I returned to Pyongyang in August 2010, at the invitation of North Korean leaders, to bring home Aijalon Gomes, an American who had been detained there. My last visit to North Korea was in May 2011 when I led a delegation of Elders (former presidents of Ireland and Finland and former prime minister of Norway) to assure the delivery of donated food directly to needy people.During all these visits, the North Koreans emphasized that they wanted peaceful relations with the United States and their neighbors, but were convinced that we planned a preemptive military strike against their country. They wanted a peace treaty (especially with America) to replace the ceasefire agreement that had existed since the end of the Korean War in 1953, and to end the economic sanctions that had been very damaging to them during that long interim period. They have made it clear to me and others that their first priority is to assure that their military capability is capable of destroying a large part of Seoul and of responding strongly in other ways to any American attack. The influence of China in Pyongyang seems to be greatly reduced since Kim Jong Un became the North Korean leader in December 2011.A commitment to peace by the United States and North Korea is crucial.When this confrontational crisis is ended, the United States should be prepared to consummate a permanent treaty to replace the ceasefire of 1953. The United States should make this clear, to North Koreans and to our allies.READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22010,"Message for Progressive Left: ‘If You Want to See Real Nazis, Come to Ukraine’","Ever since last month, the US media and the left wing politicians have been up in arm about alleged  rise of Nazism in America.  By now, the coverage has been incessant and beyond hysterical, as pundits and  antifascist  activists claim that a viable white supremacist movement is threatening to take over the country   which is a media-driven alternative reality. What America s mainstream media establishment will not mention is the US government s own role, particularly that of the Obama Administration and Hillary Clinton s State Department (and funded by her campaign financier George Soros) in helping to fuel the scourge of Nazism in eastern Europe, in the Ukraine. Likewise, Republicans and so-called  conservatives  will not want to mention party luminary Senator John McCain s own personal role in promoting Ukraine s Far Right parties and helping shoe-horn them into power in 2014 after a successful US-backed coup d etat and putsch, and the disastrous junta which has followed.The following open letter was posted by Aleksandr Gontar from Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, skillfully articulates the current farce in the United States and the feigned righteous indignation from the progressive left over the recent staged political altercation in Charlottesville, Virginia I always considered myself as a person with left-wing views, but looking at what is happening in the US I can t escape the thought that the American left, in its majority, is the dumbest and most useless  comrade  on the planet. As a minimum, to profess liberal views and at the same time to call oneself  leftist  is a bit silly.The desperate fight of American comrades against  Nazis  in general is comical. They are shocked by a torchlight procession in Charlottesville, while regular torch processions in the capital of Ukraine, which they so fervently support in its  fight for democracy , don t shock them. I speak as well about simple red-blue rainbow plankton, as well as about the famous  fighters  against oppression a la Tom Morello (whom I respect as a musician) and other celebrities, cosplaying Che Guevara with a red star on the cap.  A nightmare, Nazis are in America! They hoisted the colors of the confederates and shaved their heads! OH MY GOD . American  Nazis  are the same clowns as American  anti- fascists , by the way.Kids, come into The Ukraine, we will show you Nazis. Real ones. Who kill people  kill massively, proceeding from the racial theory. They kill in savage ways like the SS did in the 40 s. We will show you a whole State that erects monuments to the ideologists and performers of the Holocaust, of Jewish riots, of the genocide of Poles. Who sweep away monuments to the liberators of mankind from Nazism. A State with a Nazi  Ministry of Truth,  repressions against dissent, promotion of racial hatred in schools, on TV, in children s books. A State in which the Ministry of Internal Affairs supervises a website that incites the committing of murder of unreliable citizens, openly publishing all their personal information as well as members of their families.So, when you will have such things in America, we will talk. When you have, instead of a car crashing into a crowd of anti-fascists, these anti-fascists like cattle are herded into the local House of Trade Unions and will be burned with Molotov cocktails (finishing off with steel poles those who try to escape), when the FBI creates a website on which it will publish the addresses of those who criticize Trump and the White Race, and the organized alt-right will start to go to these addresses, who, after your murder, will be called  patriots  and will be released, so then we will believe in your whining about Nazis.And for now, suck on it, Mr American anti-fascists.This letter was originally published at Stalker Zone, translated by Ollie Richardson and Angelina Siard.READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22011,Trump Springs the Neocon Trap  Again: North Korea’s ‘Test’ is No Act of War,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireHere we go again. There seems to be no end to the escalation of tensions between North Korea and the United States and its allies.Yesterday, Pyongyang s state broadcaster came out declaring what it claims is another  successful test , this time with a hydrogen bomb, which they say could be mounted on to their still as yet nonexistent intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).Seizing the moment, state news anchor Ri Chun Hee proudly announced that the test was a  perfect success,  and symbolises the country s final step on the long road to attaining a  state nuclear force.  All very exciting.Still, there has been no independent verification of the claim, but why let that get in the way of a promising international security crisis? Kim Jung Un: Looking at shiny objects, pointing, generally looking busy.  North Korea s alleged  test  is said to have happened just hours after Pyongyang state-run media released images of leader Kim Jong Un  inspecting  (looking, pointing) something which looks like it could be a hydrogen bomb, but no one is really sure.We re also told that this was  ready to be placed on top of an ICBM,  however no one has actually seen a real operational ICBM yet. That s kind of an important detail in this grand plot, but one which is routinely overlooked by legions of western mainstream  experts  on CNN and NBC. So far, the DPRK only has a series of botched tests of their short-range Hwasong-12 rockets (glorified Scud missiles) to show the world. Still, the western media insist that this constitutes a potential threat to the US.So confident was this mainstream media outlet, that they ve seemed to have hedged their bets on the authenticity of the DPRK state claims, leaving the offending  H Bomb  in quotes SEE ALSO: North Korea and The Unintended Consequences of TrumpThis wouldn t be the first time North Korea exaggerated its WMD credentials. Last January they exaggerated claims of a successful  H-bomb  test. Despite their dodgy record, the western media, and politicians who are fed by defense contracts   are lapping up Pyongyang s latest pig s breakfast.Whatever this latest test was, it s hardly an act of war. Meanwhile, South Korea wasted no time retaliating by showing off its new toys purchased out of its US dollar reserve account, launching multiple missiles for the cameras. Seoul insists that it s ready to activate four Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile batteries. It also carried out a major joint drill (likely pre-planned anyway) with F-15K fighter jets and surface-to-surface ballistic missiles. This posturing by South Korea has excited the western media to no end. Everyone is loving it, because nothing brings eye balls and ratings like a good crisis.Guardian reporter Justin McCurry confirms: South Korea has carried out a simulated attack on North Korea s nuclear test site in a huge show of force in response to Pyongyang s detonation of what it claims is a hydrogen bomb.Seoul has also approved the complete deployment of a US anti-missile system in another sign that it intends to address North Korean provocations with reminders of its own military firepower, while keeping the door open to dialogue. You can be certain that CNN absolutely loves this latest  crisis  too, wailing this morning: South Korea strengthened the deployment of a controversial US-made missile defense system and launched a huge show of military might on Monday in response to North Korea s hydrogen bomb test. Naturally, not a word of condemnation from the western media about South Korea s real provocations   broadcast in colour around the world.How Serious is the Threat?At the time of publishing this piece, members of the UN Security Council are already convening emergency sessions about what to do next. In the final analysis, there will have to be some clear and present threat in order to justify some harsh response from the UNSC.Can such a rational evaluation be made with so much theatre on both sides?Washington s UN Ambassador Nikki Haley gave a predictable hawkish speech claiming that,  He is begging for war.  Of course Haley is all too eager to oblige.Once again, western media outlets are treating claims by North Korea s state-run KCNA media agency as  good as gold  (ratings gold, that is).For the US, this latest move by North Korea has been PR gold. It s helped to revive and reenergize the dying conversation of a nuclear standoff between  The Good Guys  and  The Bad Guys. And to deal with those bad guys, you need tough guys.Enter US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who swiftly moved in with  tough new sanctions  against the DPRK, warning that  this isn t the time for just talk.  A novel approach.Eager to win back some approval points and stop the political hemorrhaging that seems to be draining all of the mojo Trump had when he whipped-up the campaign trail crowds promising to  drain the swamp,  the President took to Twitter, to do what he thinks his base wants, which is to be Kim s  bad cop .Kim and The Donald, two iconic frontmen, both being played like a marionette by  the generals  off camera.Cue Trump North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States,  wrote Trump.Tough. North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! Tougher.Trump also tries to slam the door shut on any chance of bilateral negotiations:South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017Toughest.Of course, Trump s comments appear to be winding up Pyongyang. A vicious circle of fighting talk. Are there any adults left in the room?Not to be outdone, here comes a  good cop.  Enter US Defense Secretary James  Mad Dog  Mattis, who is still earning his nickname meant to resemble an unstable, rabid house pet. After his meeting with President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday, the Mad Dog, wearing a purple tie (the same colour as Hillary s revolution), read his military decree on the White House lawn: We have many military options, and the president wanted to be briefed on each one of them. We made clear that we have the ability to defend ourselves and our allies, South Korea and Japan, from any attack, and our commitments among the allies are ironclad,  said Mattis.What a relief, he sounds moderate compared to Trump. But wait Before exiting the podium, he said:  We are not looking to the total annihilation of a country, namely North Korea, but as I said, we have many options to do so. This is a unique breed of lunatic.Talking tough, and talking of  options  for  annihilating  a country. Normal people would say this is an idiotic proposition because the fall-out would be much worse than any of Kim apocalyptic sabre rattling. All this looks very familiar. Quite simply, what we are seeing here in Washington is Neoconservativism reasserting itself through one of its flagship planks   the preemptive strike. Above all other military strategies, this is always the most favorable for the Pentagon because it doesn t require any real justification or accountability for a preemptive action. All that s required is a sufficient amount of media fear-mongering and political hype about  the threat we all face  and how  we must act    and then simply fire away and sift through the rubble, reforming the narrative afterwards. In the meantime, the ruling parties can call it a success, and claim that  many lives were saved by this valiant action  etc. It s clean and straightforward, albeit in the short term, but extremely messy in the long term.As much as hawks in Washington would love to test out their new toys right now, a conflagration is not likely to happen by the hand of the US in the Pacific Rim. There are too many powerful players in the immediate vicinity (South Korea, Japan, China, Taiwan, Philippines  and Russia, too) and the fall-out from any rash US-led geopolitical pissing contest,  surgical  or kinetic action could be detrimental to all parties. Better to get someone else to start it for them, but that s not easy either.There was a time when people had high hopes for Mattis. He was affectionately referred to as the  warrior monk,  with many FOX News pundits drooling over his apparent Sun Tzu prowess, as was rumoured that he has actually read some historical books and was  really smart  and  really wise    apparently a rarity in Washington military circles these days. But no matter how many books people think he s read about the Peloponnesian Wars, it s should be pretty clear by now that Mattis, like his predecessor Ash Carter, is acting as kind of an executive sales rep for the military industrial complex. That s essentially what the position of Defense Secretary has become in America. It s a straightforward deal: you ll keep your job, as long as you do and say what s required to keep international tensions high at all times. This translates into profits, and shareholder dividends for industry stakeholders. If you re not with the program, then you ll have to tender your resignation. Just ask Chuck Hagel.What Americans should really understand is that  the generals  with whom Trump is so enamored, and who he trusts with all our bombs and silos   have left nothing but a string of military failures in their wake. Between Generals James Mattis and Major General H.R. McMaster, you have a collective 30 plus years and two of the worst military and foreign policy boondoggles in US history, Afghanistan and Iraq, underscored by successive failed  surges.  Add to these, a total defeat in Syria, blowing billions of US taxpayer dollars on a proxy war that s arguably created a new generation of Islamist extremists (although no one will admit it). Impressive, isn t it? So why do the media continue to elevate the military brass? Not every General is a good general. As with any other position or profession, some are good, and some are corrupt, and many are incompetent, or promoted for playing ball. General David Petraeus  is a good example of this. The media can t get enough of him. He was  the architect of the surge  we re told, which means he was around when Obama-Bush ordered up another 30,000 troops for Iraq in a futile effort to fix what they broke. Still, the media will bend over backwards in an almost worshipful mode whenever his name is mentioned, forgetting that Petraeus was found guilty of the same crime for which half of America wanted Hillary Clinton locked-up. Despite bringing his name and his office into disrepute, Petraeus  was rewarded board positions with mega Wall Street firms like KKR, and a perennial seat at Bilderberg.Men like Mattis, McMaster and Petraeus can, and will run rings around this President who has already signaled his weakness for those chevrons on the shoulder. And,this President will happily defer everything to these men. Should we be surprised if they keep getting it wrong?Let s just pray that they don t get it wrong with North Korea, too.*** Patrick Henningsen is an American-born writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire and host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR).READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22012,SUNDAY SCREENING: The Deep State: Hiding in Plain Sight (2014),"Our weekly documentary screening curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.Editor s Note: Although this is not an actual documentary film, this powerful interview segment is a must-see in order to grasp the concept of the Deep State in America, and further into the international arena. In this seminal interview segment, author Mike Lofgren, a congressional staff member for 28 years, talks to veteran broadcaster Bill Moyers about Washington s shadow government now commonly referred to as the  Deep State,  where elected and unelected figures collude to protect and serve powerful vested interests.  It is how we had deregulation, financialization of the economy, the Wall Street bust, the erosion or our civil liberties and perpetual war,  says Lofgren. Watch:Run time: 26 min Host: Bill Moyers Program: Moyers & Company Production: Public Affairs Television (2014)Also read Mike Lofgren s powerful essay, The Anatomy of the Deep State SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22013,What is The Deep State?,"One of the ancillary benefits of Donald Trump s insurgence into the US political scene has been a forceful injection of realism into the national political discourse. One of those points of discussion is centered around the concept of a  state within a state,  commonly referred to as the Deep State. It s suddenly become an acceptable mainstream idea, but prior to the 2016 election cycle, that conversation was strictly a fringe affair, mostly relegated to the realms of  conspiracy  forums and alternative media. but now it s written and spoken about as a mainstream talking point. One of the most coherent articulations of this idea originated from a former US Congressional staffer turned best-selling author, Mike Lofgren. In his book, The Deep State, he outlines the shape and structure of this seemingly invisible  state within a state,  but unlike the establishment media s innocuous commentary, Lofgren also delivers a incisive moral verdict on this power transition and explains how it s not only eviscerating the fabric of democracy and the foundations of the Constitutional Republic, but more importantly how it s destroying society.More than ever, it s important to understand just how we arrived at this crucial point in history and more importantly   what can be done to derail this silent coup in the United States, and internationally too.The following essay was written by Lofgren in 2014, and still stands firm as a critical deconstruction of the current shadow state set-up in America . Rome lived upon its principal till ruin stared it in the face. Industry is the only true source of wealth, and there was no industry in Rome. By day the Ostia road was crowded with carts and muleteers, carrying to the great city the silks and spices of the East, the marble of Asia Minor, the timber of the Atlas, the grain of Africa and Egypt; and the carts brought out nothing but loads of dung. That was their return cargo.  The Martyrdom of Man, by Winwood Reade (1871) . By Mike LofgrenThere is the visible government situated around the Mall in Washington, and then there is another, more shadowy, more indefinable government that is not explained in Civics 101 or observable to tourists at the White House or the Capitol. The former is traditional Washington partisan politics: the tip of the iceberg that a public watching C-SPAN sees daily and which is theoretically controllable via elections. The subsurface part of the iceberg I shall call the Deep State, which operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power. [1]During the last five years, the news media have been flooded with pundits decrying the broken politics of Washington. The conventional wisdom has it that partisan gridlock and dysfunction have become the new normal. That is certainly the case, and I have been among the harshest critics of this development. But it is also imperative to acknowledge the limits of this critique as it applies to the American governmental system. On one level, the critique is self-evident: In the domain that the public can see, Congress is hopelessly deadlocked in the worst manner since the 1850s, the violently rancorous decade preceding the Civil War.Yes, there is another government concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue, a hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country As I wrote in The Party is Over, the present objective of congressional Republicans is to render the executive branch powerless, at least until a Republican president is elected (a goal that voter suppression laws in GOP-controlled states are clearly intended to accomplish). President Obama cannot enact his domestic policies and budgets: Because of incessant GOP filibustering, not only could he not fill the large number of vacancies in the federal judiciary, he could not even get his most innocuous presidential appointees into office. Democrats controlling the Senate have responded by weakening the filibuster of nominations, but Republicans are sure to react with other parliamentary delaying tactics. This strategy amounts to congressional nullification of executive branch powers by a party that controls a majority in only one house of Congress. Despite this apparent impotence, President Obama can liquidate American citizens without due processes, detain prisoners indefinitely without charge, conduct dragnet surveillance on the American people without judicial warrant and engage in unprecedented   at least since the McCarthy era   witch hunts against federal employees (the so-called  Insider Threat Program ). Within the United States, this power is characterized by massive displays of intimidating force by militarized federal, state and local law enforcement. Abroad, President Obama can start wars at will and engage in virtually any other activity whatsoever without so much as a by-your-leave from Congress, such as arranging the forced landing of a plane carrying a sovereign head of state over foreign territory. Despite the habitual cant of congressional Republicans about executive overreach by Obama, the would-be dictator, we have until recently heard very little from them about these actions   with the minor exception of comments from gadfly Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. Democrats, save a few mavericks such as Ron Wyden of Oregon, are not unduly troubled, either   even to the extent of permitting seemingly perjured congressional testimony under oath by executive branch officials on the subject of illegal surveillance.These are not isolated instances of a contradiction; they have been so pervasive that they tend to be disregarded as background noise. During the time in 2011 when political warfare over the debt ceiling was beginning to paralyze the business of governance in Washington, the United States government somehow summoned the resources to overthrow Muammar Ghaddafi s regime in Libya, and, when the instability created by that coup spilled over into Mali, provide overt and covert assistance to French intervention there. At a time when there was heated debate about continuing meat inspections and civilian air traffic control because of the budget crisis, our government was somehow able to commit $115 million to keeping a civil war going in Syria and to pay at least  100m to the United Kingdom s Government Communications Headquarters to buy influence over and access to that country s intelligence. Since 2007, two bridges carrying interstate highways have collapsed due to inadequate maintenance of infrastructure, one killing 13 people. During that same period of time, the government spent $1.7 billion constructing a building in Utah that is the size of 17 football fields. This mammoth structure is intended to allow the National Security Agency to store a yottabyte of information, the largest numerical designator computer scientists have coined. A yottabyte is equal to 500 quintillion pages of text. They need that much storage to archive every single trace of your electronic life.Yes, there is another government concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue, a hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose. My analysis of this phenomenon is not an expos  of a secret, conspiratorial cabal; the state within a state is hiding mostly in plain sight, and its operators mainly act in the light of day. Nor can this other government be accurately termed an  establishment.  All complex societies have an establishment, a social network committed to its own enrichment and perpetuation. In terms of its scope, financial resources and sheer global reach, the American hybrid state, the Deep State, is in a class by itself. That said, it is neither omniscient nor invincible. The institution is not so much sinister (although it has highly sinister aspects) as it is relentlessly well entrenched. Far from being invincible, its failures, such as those in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya, are routine enough that it is only the Deep State s protectiveness towards its higher-ranking personnel that allows them to escape the consequences of their frequent ineptitude. [2]How did I come to write an analysis of the Deep State, and why am I equipped to write it? As a congressional staff member for 28 years specializing in national security and possessing a top secret security clearance, I was at least on the fringes of the world I am describing, if neither totally in it by virtue of full membership nor of it by psychological disposition. But, like virtually every employed person, I became, to some extent, assimilated into the culture of the institution I worked for, and only by slow degrees, starting before the invasion of Iraq, did I begin fundamentally to question the reasons of state that motivate the people who are, to quote George W. Bush,  the deciders. Cultural assimilation is partly a matter of what psychologist Irving L. Janis called  groupthink,  the chameleon-like ability of people to adopt the views of their superiors and peers. This syndrome is endemic to Washington: The town is characterized by sudden fads, be it negotiating biennial budgeting, making grand bargains or invading countries. Then, after a while, all the town s cool kids drop those ideas as if they were radioactive. As in the military, everybody has to get on board with the mission, and questioning it is not a career-enhancing move. The universe of people who will critically examine the goings-on at the institutions they work for is always going to be a small one. As Upton Sinclair said,  It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it. A more elusive aspect of cultural assimilation is the sheer dead weight of the ordinariness of it all once you have planted yourself in your office chair for the 10,000th time. Government life is typically not some vignette from an Allen Drury novel about intrigue under the Capitol dome. Sitting and staring at the clock on the off-white office wall when it s 11:00 in the evening and you are vowing never, ever to eat another piece of takeout pizza in your life is not an experience that summons the higher literary instincts of a would-be memoirist. After a while, a functionary of the state begins to hear things that, in another context, would be quite remarkable, or at least noteworthy, and yet that simply bounce off one s consciousness like pebbles off steel plate:  You mean the number of terrorist groups we are fighting is classified?  No wonder so few people are whistle-blowers, quite apart from the vicious retaliation whistle-blowing often provokes: Unless one is blessed with imagination and a fine sense of irony, growing immune to the curiousness of one s surroundings is easy. To paraphrase the inimitable Donald Rumsfeld, I didn t know all that I knew, at least until I had had a couple of years away from the government to reflect upon it.The Deep State does not consist of the entire government. It is a hybrid of national security and law enforcement agencies: the Department of Defense, the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Security, the Central Intelligence Agency and the Justice Department. I also include the Department of the Treasury because of its jurisdiction over financial flows, its enforcement of international sanctions and its organic symbiosis with Wall Street. All these agencies are coordinated by the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council. Certain key areas of the judiciary belong to the Deep State, such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, whose actions are mysterious even to most members of Congress. Also included are a handful of vital federal trial courts, such as the Eastern District of Virginia and the Southern District of Manhattan, where sensitive proceedings in national security cases are conducted. The final government component (and possibly last in precedence among the formal branches of government established by the Constitution) is a kind of rump Congress consisting of the congressional leadership and some (but not all) of the members of the defense and intelligence committees. The rest of Congress, normally so fractious and partisan, is mostly only intermittently aware of the Deep State and when required usually submits to a few well-chosen words from the State s emissaries.I saw this submissiveness on many occasions. One memorable incident was passage of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Amendments Act of 2008. This legislation retroactively legalized the Bush administration s illegal and unconstitutional surveillance first revealed by The New York Times in 2005 and indemnified the telecommunications companies for their cooperation in these acts. The bill passed easily: All that was required was the invocation of the word  terrorism  and most members of Congress responded like iron filings obeying a magnet. One who responded in that fashion was Senator Barack Obama, soon to be coronated as the presidential nominee at the Democratic National Convention in Denver. He had already won the most delegates by campaigning to the left of his main opponent, Hillary Clinton, on the excesses of the global war on terror and the erosion of constitutional liberties.As the indemnification vote showed, the Deep State does not consist only of government agencies. What is euphemistically called  private enterprise  is an integral part of its operations. In a special series in The Washington Post called  Top Secret America,  Dana Priest and William K. Arkin described the scope of the privatized Deep State and the degree to which it has metastasized after the September 11 attacks. There are now 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances   a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government. While they work throughout the country and the world, their heavy concentration in and around the Washington suburbs is unmistakable: Since 9/11, 33 facilities for top-secret intelligence have been built or are under construction. Combined, they occupy the floor space of almost three Pentagons   about 17 million square feet. Seventy percent of the intelligence community s budget goes to paying contracts. And the membrane between government and industry is highly permeable: The Director of National Intelligence, James R. Clapper, is a former executive of Booz Allen Hamilton, one of the government s largest intelligence contractors. His predecessor as director, Admiral Mike McConnell, is the current vice chairman of the same company; Booz Allen is 99 percent dependent on government business. These contractors now set the political and social tone of Washington, just as they are increasingly setting the direction of the country, but they are doing it quietly, their doings unrecorded in the Congressional Record or the Federal Register, and are rarely subject to congressional hearings.Washington is the most important node of the Deep State that has taken over America, but it is not the only one. Invisible threads of money and ambition connect the town to other nodes. One is Wall Street, which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater. Should the politicians forget their lines and threaten the status quo, Wall Street floods the town with cash and lawyers to help the hired hands remember their own best interests. The executives of the financial giants even have de facto criminal immunity. On March 6, 2013, testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Attorney General Eric Holder stated the following:  I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if you do prosecute, if you do bring a criminal charge, it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy.  This, from the chief law enforcement officer of a justice system that has practically abolished the constitutional right to trial for poorer defendants charged with certain crimes. It is not too much to say that Wall Street may be the ultimate owner of the Deep State and its strategies, if for no other reason than that it has the money to reward government operatives with a second career that is lucrative beyond the dreams of avarice   certainly beyond the dreams of a salaried government employee. [3]The corridor between Manhattan and Washington is a well trodden highway for the personalities we have all gotten to know in the period since the massive deregulation of Wall Street: Robert Rubin, Lawrence Summers, Henry Paulson, Timothy Geithner and many others. Not all the traffic involves persons connected with the purely financial operations of the government: In 2013, General David Petraeus joined KKR (formerly Kohlberg Kravis Roberts) of 9 West 57th Street, New York, a private equity firm with $62.3 billion in assets. KKR specializes in management buyouts and leveraged finance. General Petraeus  expertise in these areas is unclear. His ability to peddle influence, however, is a known and valued commodity. Unlike Cincinnatus, the military commanders of the Deep State do not take up the plow once they lay down the sword. Petraeus also obtained a sinecure as a non-resident senior fellow at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard. The Ivy League is, of course, the preferred bleaching tub and charm school of the American oligarchy. [4]Petraeus and most of the avatars of the Deep State   the White House advisers who urged Obama not to impose compensation limits on Wall Street CEOs, the contractor-connected think tank experts who besought us to  stay the course  in Iraq, the economic gurus who perpetually demonstrate that globalization and deregulation are a blessing that makes us all better off in the long run   are careful to pretend that they have no ideology. Their preferred pose is that of the politically neutral technocrat offering well considered advice based on profound expertise. That is nonsense. They are deeply dyed in the hue of the official ideology of the governing class, an ideology that is neither specifically Democrat nor Republican. Domestically, whatever they might privately believe about essentially diversionary social issues such as abortion or gay marriage, they almost invariably believe in the  Washington Consensus : financialization, outsourcing, privatization, deregulation and the commodifying of labor. Internationally, they espouse 21st-century  American Exceptionalism : the right and duty of the United States to meddle in every region of the world with coercive diplomacy and boots on the ground and to ignore painfully won international norms of civilized behavior. To paraphrase what Sir John Harrington said more than 400 years ago about treason, now that the ideology of the Deep State has prospered, none dare call it ideology. [5] That is why describing torture with the word  torture  on broadcast television is treated less as political heresy than as an inexcusable lapse of Washington etiquette: Like smoking a cigarette on camera, these days it is simply  not done. After Edward Snowden s revelations about the extent and depth of surveillance by the National Security Agency, it has become publicly evident that Silicon Valley is a vital node of the Deep State as well. Unlike military and intelligence contractors, Silicon Valley overwhelmingly sells to the private market, but its business is so important to the government that a strange relationship has emerged. While the government could simply dragoon the high technology companies to do the NSA s bidding, it would prefer cooperation with so important an engine of the nation s economy, perhaps with an implied quid pro quo. Perhaps this explains the extraordinary indulgence the government shows the Valley in intellectual property matters. If an American  jailbreaks  his smartphone (i.e., modifies it so that it can use a service provider other than the one dictated by the manufacturer), he could receive a fine of up to $500,000 and several years in prison; so much for a citizen s vaunted property rights to what he purchases. The libertarian pose of the Silicon Valley moguls, so carefully cultivated in their public relations, has always been a sham. Silicon Valley has long been tracking for commercial purposes the activities of every person who uses an electronic device, so it is hardly surprising that the Deep State should emulate the Valley and do the same for its own purposes. Nor is it surprising that it should conscript the Valley s assistance.Still, despite the essential roles of lower Manhattan and Silicon Valley, the center of gravity of the Deep State is firmly situated in and around the Beltway. The Deep State s physical expansion and consolidation around the Beltway would seem to make a mockery of the frequent pronouncement that governance in Washington is dysfunctional and broken. That the secret and unaccountable Deep State floats freely above the gridlock between both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue is the paradox of American government in the 21st century: drone strikes, data mining, secret prisons and Panopticon-like control on the one hand; and on the other, the ordinary, visible parliamentary institutions of self-government declining to the status of a banana republic amid the gradual collapse of public infrastructure.The results of this contradiction are not abstract, as a tour of the rotting, decaying, bankrupt cities of the American Midwest will attest. It is not even confined to those parts of the country left behind by a Washington Consensus that decreed the financialization and deindustrialization of the economy in the interests of efficiency and shareholder value. This paradox is evident even within the Beltway itself, the richest metropolitan area in the nation. Although demographers and urban researchers invariably count Washington as a  world city,  that is not always evident to those who live there. Virtually every time there is a severe summer thunderstorm, tens   or even hundreds   of thousands of residents lose power, often for many days. There are occasional water restrictions over wide areas because water mains, poorly constructed and inadequately maintained, have burst. [6] The Washington metropolitan area considers it a Herculean task just to build a rail link to its international airport   with luck it may be completed by 2018.It is as if Hadrian s Wall was still fully manned and the fortifications along the border with Germania were never stronger, even as the city of Rome disintegrates from within and the life-sustaining aqueducts leading down from the hills begin to crumble. The governing classes of the Deep State may continue to deceive themselves with their dreams of Zeus-like omnipotence, but others do not. A 2013 Pew Poll that interviewed 38,000 people around the world found that in 23 of 39 countries surveyed, a plurality of respondents said they believed China already had or would in the future replace the United States as the world s top economic power.The Deep State is the big story of our time. It is the red thread that runs through the war on terrorism, the financialization and deindustrialization of the American economy, the rise of a plutocratic social structure and political dysfunction. Washington is the headquarters of the Deep State, and its time in the sun as a rival to Rome, Constantinople or London may be term-limited by its overweening sense of self-importance and its habit, as Winwood Reade said of Rome, to  live upon its principal till ruin stared it in the face.   Living upon its principal,  in this case, means that the Deep State has been extracting value from the American people in vampire-like fashion.We are faced with two disagreeable implications. First, that the Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change. Second, that just as in so many previous empires, the Deep State is populated with those whose instinctive reaction to the failure of their policies is to double down on those very policies in the future. Iraq was a failure briefly camouflaged by the wholly propagandistic success of the so-called surge; this legerdemain allowed for the surge in Afghanistan, which equally came to naught. Undeterred by that failure, the functionaries of the Deep State plunged into Libya; the smoking rubble of the Benghazi consulate, rather than discouraging further misadventure, seemed merely to incite the itch to bomb Syria. Will the Deep State ride on the back of the American people from failure to failure until the country itself, despite its huge reserves of human and material capital, is slowly exhausted? The dusty road of empire is strewn with the bones of former great powers that exhausted themselves in like manner.But, there are signs of resistance to the Deep State and its demands. In the aftermath of the Snowden revelations, the House narrowly failed to pass an amendment that would have defunded the NSA s warrantless collection of data from US persons. Shortly thereafter, the president, advocating yet another military intervention in the Middle East, this time in Syria, met with such overwhelming congressional skepticism that he changed the subject by grasping at a diplomatic lifeline thrown to him by Vladimir Putin. [7]Has the visible, constitutional state, the one envisaged by Madison and the other Founders, finally begun to reassert itself against the claims and usurpations of the Deep State? To some extent, perhaps. The unfolding revelations of the scope of the NSA s warrantless surveillance have become so egregious that even institutional apologists such as Senator Dianne Feinstein have begun to backpedal   if only rhetorically   from their knee-jerk defense of the agency. As more people begin to waken from the fearful and suggestible state that 9/11 created in their minds, it is possible that the Deep State s decade-old tactic of crying  terrorism!  every time it faces resistance is no longer eliciting the same Pavlovian response of meek obedience. And the American people, possibly even their legislators, are growing tired of endless quagmires in the Middle East.But there is another more structural reason the Deep State may have peaked in the extent of its dominance. While it seems to float above the constitutional state, its essentially parasitic, extractive nature means that it is still tethered to the formal proceedings of governance. The Deep State thrives when there is tolerable functionality in the day-to-day operations of the federal government. As long as appropriations bills get passed on time, promotion lists get confirmed, black (i.e., secret) budgets get rubber-stamped, special tax subsidies for certain corporations are approved without controversy, as long as too many awkward questions are not asked, the gears of the hybrid state will mesh noiselessly. But when one house of Congress is taken over by tea party Wahhabites, life for the ruling class becomes more trying.If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. But recent congressional antics involving sequestration, the government shutdown and the threat of default over the debt ceiling extension have been disrupting that equilibrium. And an extreme gridlock dynamic has developed between the two parties such that continuing some level of sequestration is politically the least bad option for both parties, albeit for different reasons. As much as many Republicans might want to give budget relief to the organs of national security, they cannot fully reverse sequestration without the Democrats demanding revenue increases. And Democrats wanting to spend more on domestic discretionary programs cannot void sequestration on either domestic or defense programs without Republicans insisting on entitlement cuts.So, for the foreseeable future, the Deep State must restrain its appetite for taxpayer dollars. Limited deals may soften sequestration, but agency requests will not likely be fully funded anytime soon. Even Wall Street s rentier operations have been affected: After helping finance the tea party to advance its own plutocratic ambitions, America s Big Money is now regretting the Frankenstein s monster it has created. Like children playing with dynamite, the tea party and its compulsion to drive the nation into credit default has alarmed the grown-ups commanding the heights of capital; the latter are now telling the politicians they thought they had hired to knock it off.The House vote to defund the NSA s illegal surveillance programs was equally illustrative of the disruptive nature of the tea party insurgency. Civil liberties Democrats alone would never have come so close to victory; tea party stalwart Justin Amash (R-MI), who has also upset the business community for his debt-limit fundamentalism, was the lead Republican sponsor of the NSA amendment, and most of the Republicans who voted with him were aligned with the tea party.The final factor is Silicon Valley. Owing to secrecy and obfuscation, it is hard to know how much of the NSA s relationship with the Valley is based on voluntary cooperation, how much is legal compulsion through FISA warrants and how much is a matter of the NSA surreptitiously breaking into technology companies  systems. Given the Valley s public relations requirement to mollify its customers who have privacy concerns, it is difficult to take the tech firms  libertarian protestations about government compromise of their systems at face value, especially since they engage in similar activity against their own customers for commercial purposes. That said, evidence is accumulating that Silicon Valley is losing billions in overseas business from companies, individuals and governments that want to maintain privacy. For high tech entrepreneurs, the cash nexus is ultimately more compelling than the Deep State s demand for patriotic cooperation. Even legal compulsion can be combatted: Unlike the individual citizen, tech firms have deep pockets and batteries of lawyers with which to fight government diktat.This pushback has gone so far that on January 17, President Obama announced revisions to the NSA s data collection programs, including withdrawing the agency s custody of a domestic telephone record database, expanding requirements for judicial warrants and ceasing to spy on (undefined)  friendly foreign leaders.  Critics have denounced the changes as a cosmetic public relations move, but they are still significant in that the clamor has gotten so loud that the president feels the political need to address it.When the contradictions within a ruling ideology are pushed too far, factionalism appears and that ideology begins slowly to crumble. Corporate oligarchs such as the Koch brothers are no longer entirely happy with the faux-populist political front group they helped fund and groom. Silicon Valley, for all the Ayn Rand-like tendencies of its major players, its offshoring strategies and its further exacerbation of income inequality, is now lobbying Congress to restrain the NSA, a core component of the Deep State. Some tech firms are moving to encrypt their data. High tech corporations and governments alike seek dominance over people though collection of personal data, but the corporations are jumping ship now that adverse public reaction to the NSA scandals threatens their profits.The outcome of all these developments is uncertain. The Deep State, based on the twin pillars of national security imperative and corporate hegemony, has until recently seemed unshakable and the latest events may only be a temporary perturbation in its trajectory. But history has a way of toppling the altars of the mighty. While the two great materialist and determinist ideologies of the twentieth century, Marxism and the Washington Consensus, successively decreed that the dictatorship of the proletariat and the dictatorship of the market were inevitable, the future is actually indeterminate. It may be that deep economic and social currents create the framework of history, but those currents can be channeled, eddied, or even reversed by circumstance, chance and human agency. We have only to reflect upon defunct glacial despotisms such as the USSR or East Germany to realize that nothing is forever.Throughout history, state systems with outsized pretensions to power have reacted to their environments in two ways. The first strategy, reflecting the ossification of its ruling elites, consists of repeating that nothing is wrong, that the status quo reflects the nation s unique good fortune in being favored by God and that those calling for change are merely subversive troublemakers. As the French ancien r gime, the Romanov dynasty and the Habsburg emperors discovered, the strategy works splendidly for a while, particularly if one has a talent for dismissing unpleasant facts. The final results, however, are likely to be thoroughly disappointing.The second strategy is one embraced to varying degrees and with differing goals, by figures of such contrasting personalities as Mustafa Kemal Atat rk, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Charles de Gaulle and Deng Xiaoping. They were certainly not revolutionaries by temperament; if anything, their natures were conservative. But they understood that the political cultures in which they lived were fossilized and incapable of adapting to the times. In their drive to reform and modernize the political systems they inherited, their first obstacles to overcome were the outworn myths that encrusted the thinking of the elites of their time.As the United States confronts its future after experiencing two failed wars, a precarious economy and $17 trillion in accumulated debt, the national punditry has split into two camps. The first, the declinists, sees a broken, dysfunctional political system incapable of reform and an economy soon to be overtaken by China. The second, the reformers, offers a profusion of nostrums to turn the nation around: public financing of elections to sever the artery of money between the corporate components of the Deep State and financially dependent elected officials, government  insourcing  to reverse the tide of outsourcing of government functions and the conflicts of interest that it creates, a tax policy that values human labor over financial manipulation and a trade policy that favors exporting manufactured goods over exporting investment capital.All of that is necessary, but not sufficient. The Snowden revelations (the impact of which have been surprisingly strong), the derailed drive for military intervention in Syria and a fractious Congress, whose dysfunction has begun to be a serious inconvenience to the Deep State, show that there is now a deep but as yet inchoate hunger for change. What America lacks is a figure with the serene self-confidence to tell us that the twin idols of national security and corporate power are outworn dogmas that have nothing more to offer us. Thus disenthralled, the people themselves will unravel the Deep State with surprising speed. [1] The term  Deep State  was coined in Turkey and is said to be a system composed of high-level elements within the intelligence services, military, security, judiciary and organized crime. In British author John le Carr s latest novel, A Delicate Truth, a character describes the Deep State as   the ever-expanding circle of non-governmental insiders from banking, industry and commerce who were cleared for highly classified information denied to large swathes of Whitehall and Westminster.  I use the term to mean a hybrid association of elements of government and parts of top-level finance and industry that is effectively able to govern the United States without reference to the consent of the governed as expressed through the formal political process.  [2] Twenty-five years ago, the sociologist Robert Nisbet described this phenomenon as  the attribute of No Fault . Presidents, secretaries and generals and admirals in America seemingly subscribe to the doctrine that no fault ever attaches to policy and operations. This No Fault conviction prevents them from taking too seriously such notorious foul-ups as Desert One, Grenada, Lebanon and now the Persian Gulf.  To his list we might add 9/11, Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya.  [3] The attitude of many members of Congress towards Wall Street was memorably expressed by Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-AL), the incoming chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, in 2010:  In Washington, the view is that the banks are to be regulated, and my view is that Washington and the regulators are there to serve the banks.   [4] Beginning in 1988, every US president has been a graduate of Harvard or Yale. Beginning in 2000, every losing presidential candidate has been a Harvard or Yale graduate, with the exception of John McCain in 2008.  [5] In recent months, the American public has seen a vivid example of a Deep State operative marketing his ideology under the banner of pragmatism. Former Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates   a one-time career CIA officer and deeply political Bush family retainer   has camouflaged his retrospective defense of military escalations that have brought us nothing but casualties and fiscal grief as the straight-from-the-shoulder memoir from a plain-spoken son of Kansas who disdains Washington and its politicians.  [6] Meanwhile, the US government took the lead in restoring Baghdad s sewer system at a cost of $7 billion.  [7] Obama s abrupt about-face suggests he may have been skeptical of military intervention in Syria all along, but only dropped that policy once Congress and Putin gave him the running room to do so. In 2009, he went ahead with the Afghanistan  surge  partly because General Petraeus  public relations campaign and back-channel lobbying on the Hill for implementation of his pet military strategy pre-empted other options. These incidents raise the disturbing question of how much the democratically elected president   or any president   sets the policy of the national security state and how much the policy is set for him by the professional operatives of that state who engineer faits accomplis that force his hand.*** Author Mike Lofgren is a former career congressional staff member who served on the House and Senate budget committees. His latest book is The Deep State: The Fall of the Constitution and the Rise of a Shadow Government. He appeared several times as a guest on Moyers & Company. Learn more on his website: mikelofgren.net.This essay was originally published on Feb. 21, 2014, written by best selling author Mike Lofgren and published at BillMoyers.comREAD MORE DEEP STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Deep State FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22014,Watch as Assad Destroys US Reporter Michael Isikoff in Interview,"21st Century Wire says After 7 years of systematic and pathological lying, and fabricating thousands of fraudulent news reports about Syria, by now it s widely understood that US and UK media have now lost all credibility by now. Even since the defeat of the western-backed terrorist occupation of East Aleppo in December 2016, western corporate media outlets dispatched various trained gatekeepers and deep state stenographers in an attempt to try and rescue many of their legacy narratives, all of which have since collapsed after most western and Gulf-backed terrorists have fled their strongholds   while leaving volumes of damning evidence behind in the process. With that in mind, we thought it poignant then to re-air this timeless exhibit   a breathtaking display of US propaganda gone array, where Yahoo! News reporter Michael Isikoff become mired in his own web of disinformation and official conspiracy theories, as he tries to deliver a series of canned talking points (straight off of the CNN and CIA briefing sheet) in yet another vain attempt to defame and demonize Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at the Presidential Palace in Damascus. In this embarrassing exchange, Isikoff tries on a series of contrived  reports  concocted by Amnesty International and the FBI, and even alludes to the widely discredited  Caesar Photos  hoax, amid a sustained barrage of  human rights  virtue signalling, all while accusing Assad of numerous  war crimes. As interviews go, this was certainly one of the low water marks in US media history. Watch: See the full Yahoo! News report which aired on February 10, 2017 here.  SEE MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22015,"(VIDEO) For the Love of Winston Smith, “Let The Truth Be Told”","Undoubtedly, we are living in an age of universal deceit, where government and corporations are colluding to bury the truth, and promote only state-sanctioned narratives. The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command. His heart sank as he thought of the enormous power arrayed against him, the ease with which any Party intellectual would overthrow him in debate, the subtle arguments which he would not be able to understand, much less answer. And yet he was in the right! They were wrong and he was right.     George Orwell describing the plight of Winston Smith in the literary classic, 1984.YouTube artist Rebekah Johnson says,  Propaganda puppets are lying to the public and suppressing the truth to further their agenda. Listen to her song and watch her video here:. READ MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22016,Boiler Room EP #124 – Weather Warfare & CNN Goblin Pits,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis and Andy Nowicki the Nameless One, for the hundred and twenty fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the ongoing aftermath of the Charlottesville protests, Hurricane Harvey, weather warfare, geoengineering, movies, CNN faking flood rescues and more.Direct Download Episode #124Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22017,McCain’s Mad World and The Cancer of Conflict,"21st Century Wire says Some devastating news befell John Sidney McCain III  recently, as his staff announced that the US Senator had been diagnosed with a brain tumor called glioblastoma discovered during recent testing at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona. We wish the Senator well On Episode #195  Chickenhawk Nation  of the SUNDAY WIRE with co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Mike Robinson, we break down all the reasons why we think it s time for McCain to retire.The list is endless. We ll start with a real  cancer of conflict    the senseless truck bombing of Al-Kindi cancer treatment hospital in Aleppo, Syria. The attack carried out by the same  freedom fighters  that McCain was seen cavorting with during his secret trip to the Aleppo area in May 2013. The very same  rebels  he was supplying weapons to   the  Free Syrian Army  (under the command of Jabbat al Nusra aka al Qaeda in Syria) would later order the bombing on this cancer treatment hospital. LISTEN: More @21WIRE:",0
22018,"Boiler Room EP #123 – Right vs. Left, Jerry Springer Style","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for this week s broadcast of The Boiler Room . Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore alongside Patrick Henningsen, Editor of 21WIRE, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor) and Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and twenty-third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil-downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Direct Download Episode #123Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22019,Liberal Imperium: Quigley’s Anglo-American Establishment – Jay Dyer (half),"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireThis is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental Atlanticist apologetic Tragedy and Hope   based on Quigley s other telling book, The Anglo-American Establishment. The first section is free, while subscribers gain access to full talks and lectures. The goals which Rhodes and Milner sought and the methods by which they hoped to achieve them were so similar by 1902 that the two are almost indistinguishable Both sought to unite the world, and above all the English-speaking world in a federal structure around Britain. Both felt that this goal could best be achieved by a secret band of men united to one another by devotion to the common cause and by personal loyalty to one another. Both felt that this band should pursue its goal by secret political and economic influence behind the scenes and by the control of journalistic, educational, and propaganda agencies.  -Quigley (Namely, the Liberal Imperium.) Listen to  Liberal Imperium: Quigley s Anglo-American Establishment   Jay Dyer (half)  on Spreaker. Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22020,"SYRIA, NORTH KOREA: Trump’s “Axis of Evil” is Bigger and Better than the George Bush Version","Whitney Webb Mint PressBush s  Axis of Evil  speech in 2002 was precursor to disastrous invasion and regime change. Now once again, under Trump, that narrative has re-emerged   this time linking Syria with North Korea, based on allegations by unidentified parties regarding chemical weapons shipments.On Monday, Reuters published a widely circulated story based on a confidential United Nations report on North Korean sanctions violations. According to the report, which is not available to the general public, two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency responsible for the country s chemical weapons program had been intercepted.The report, according to Reuters, was authored by  a panel of independent UN experts  and investigates alleged dealings between a North Korean company and Syria s Scientific Studies and Research Center (SSRC), a government agency that oversaw the nation s chemical weapons program before the internationally-recognized destruction of that program took place in 2013.Notably, the 37-page document at no point gives details on when or where the interdictions occurred or details regarding what the shipments actually contained.The report further states that its account of the incident s occurrence is dependent on the testimony of two unidentified member states, which  interdicted shipments destined for Syria  and had  reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  KOMID is the Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation, a Pyongyang-based company the UN had previously cited  in 2009, when the UN Security Council had it blacklisted for its role in supporting North Korea s ballistic missile program   as a  primary arms dealer and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons. North Korea is caught sending 'chemical weapons' to Syria amid concerns Kim Jong-Un and Assad are working together https://t.co/ectIj2JwN9  Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) August 22, 2017North Korea chemical weapons said intercepted en route to Syria https://t.co/wdjZOlgg8k via @timesofisrael #northkorea #syria  Gregory Smith (@GsmittySmith) August 22, 2017With their identities concealed, there is no way of knowing if these member states are among the countries that have actively been pushing for the removal of Syria s democratically-elected president Bashar al-Assad since the Syrian conflict began in 2011. In addition, another member state   a nation not involved in the seizure of the shipments   had  informed the panel that it had reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  It appears that the statement made by this member state s representative was given, by this ostensibly independent panel, the same weight normally reserved for concrete evidence.It also remains unclear how the SSRC was determined to be the recipient of the intercepted shipments, as the report simply states that  the consignees were Syrian entities designated by the European Union and the United States as front companies for  the SSRC. With only Reuters permitted access to this confidential report, there is no way to know who or what these entities are, as Reuters left them unnamed in its article.Furthermore, the composition of the UN panel itself is also unknown. Though Reuters stated that the panel was composed of  independent experts,  Reuters has also previously claimed that organizations such as the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) were objective in the Syrian conflict, even though the sole person behind the group is rabidly anti-Assad, pro-Western intervention, and reporting on Syria from Britain. Shielding the names of these  independent experts  from the public does little to lend credibility to the findings of this UN report.The North Korea-Syria arms connection narrativeThe North Korea-Syria arms trade  connection  is not new. This narrative first emerged earlier this year in April, when the Syrian government stood accused of using chemical weapons against civilians in Idlib   an event that was later roundly debunked by independent experts, including Professor Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and former scientist with the U.S. Department of Defense, Theodore Postol.At the time, several U.S. publications, including USA Today and Defense One, backed up their claims of sinister cooperation between the Syrian and North Korean governments by citing Professor Bruce Bechtol of Angelo State University, Texas. Both outlets described Bechtol as a  North Korea expert. But Bechtol s  evidence  cited in these reports   such as when he asserts that I would be stunned, I would be surprised, if the nerve agent allegedly used by the Assad regime on April 4 in the Idlib province was not supplied by North Korea    amounts to conjecture. Bechtol, who once worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency and has long-standing links to the Pentagon, had previously authored a 2015 research paperon the North Korea and Syrian partnership, in which he drew heavily on the CIA for his sweeping assertions regarding the two nations  alleged  long history  of collaboration in the production and development of chemical weapons.Bechtol s conclusions are undermined by data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)   a recognized authority on the global weapons trade  shows that Syria has ordered weapons from North Korea only three times since 1990, twice in 1990 and once in 1996. In other words, Syria   according to SIPRI   has not made any purchases from North Korea in over 20 years.Given that arms deals with North Korea s government were legal until 2006 and deals with KOMID were legal until 2009, if the partnership was really so longstanding and prolific, why were there so few transactions between them in the years prior? The established facts hardly fit the picture of a supposedly booming North Korea-Syria arms trade.Creating the new  Axis of Evil Ultimately, the attempts to link North Korea to Syria s defunct chemical weapons program are meant to create a new  axis of evil  by associating one  evil dictator  with another. The  axis of evil  narrative, first coined by George W. Bush in 2002, has been central to the U.S.  demonization of  rogue  governments that fail to submit to the U.S.-dominated global order, of which the United Nations is part. This narrative has often been followed by the  evil dictator  label, as it was with Iraq and Libya   two of the countries comprising the original  axis of evil. Under Trump, the  axis of evil  is having a resurgence, a development that even mainstream media outlets like CNN have noted. With Iraq and Libya having been dealt with, Syria has joined the list and a concerted effort is now being made to link the remaining  evil dictators  to each other. By connecting North Korea to Syria s thoroughly demonized (though non-existent) chemical weapons program, the U.S. is building the momentum and the justification for the  preventative  invasions of these rogue states it has long sought to achieve   all the more determinedly now that its  superpower  status is being threatened as never before.***SEE MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22021,AFGHANISTAN: Trump Surges Into the Graveyard of Empires," By ramping up US troop levels in Afghanistan, Trump is alienating many supporters. (Photo: DoD/USAF Tech Sgt Brigitte N Brantley. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliot 21st Century WireOn Monday night, US President Donald Trump made a speech in which he outlined his long-awaited new strategy for the war in Afghanistan. As predicted by 21WIRE in July, Trump will undertake a fourth US  surge  in Afghanistan, building up US troop levels in the country just like Bush and Obama did before him.However, to say that he outlined a new strategy in his speech is being very kind to Trump. He did very little outlining and what he did present does not exactly qualify as new, or as a strategy.One of the most notable features of his speech was his refusal to disclose troop numbers or timescales for their deployment. Granted, publicising those aspects of the US presence in Afghanistan did not create a win for Obama; the former president promised to pull out all the troops by 2014, but left office in January 2017 with over 8,500 US military personnel still stationed in the country. For Trump to keep such details from the American public, particularly the troop numbers, goes against basic democratic principles of transparency and accountability. As Finian Cunningham says: America s overseas wars are not just expanding under Trump; they are going secret and unaccountable. Furthermore, simply sending more troops and beefing up military deployments to Afghanistan is not a new strategy. George W Bush deployed a  quiet surge  to Afghanistan in 2008, and Obama presided over two separate surges in early and late 2009, none of which won the war. See 21WIRE s recent article which points out fundamental flaws and problems with the US strategy and modus operandi in Afghanistan; doubling down on these flaws with more personnel, money and weapons may only amplify them.The war was probably unwinnable from the outset anyway. There is a reason Afghanistan is referred to as the Graveyard of Empires. Justin Raimondo s latest article responding to Trump s announcement alludes to it: So I studied Afghanistan in great detail and from every conceivable angle,  [Trump] claims. Really? Did he study it enough to realize that no one has ever conquered Afghanistan? Did he contemplate the storied history of that unforgiving land, which caused even Alexander the Great to turn back? Or for a more lighthearted approach, the following tweet plays on the seeming endlessness of the Afghan war in American political life.I made this political cartoon in 2010. Enjoy! https://t.co/fSosAGURCW pic.twitter.com/jyfQIZOFzY  Matt Bors (@MattBors) August 22, 2017Another interesting feature of Trump s speech was its focus on Pakistan, which he sharply criticized for harboring terrorists and allowing them  safe havens . However, as Michael Krieger points out in his excellent analysis: Guess which country he didn t mention? The greatest sponsor of Islamic radicalization the world has ever seen: Saudi Arabia. This once again proves that Trump represents the same old tired thinking that s been running the U.S. economy and society into the ground for decades. This is now a 100% establishment Presidency, which will be completely defined by establishment thinking. In other words, imperial collapse is coming. It seems an obvious point that talking about combating terrorism without addressing its primary causes and sources of support is somewhat foolish. However, it appears that Trump and his administration need a reminder.By far the most striking aspect of Trump s announcement, however, is that it represents a 180  U-turn, totally reversing the attitude he had to US involvement in Afghanistan since before he even began campaigning to become President. The following is just one of many tweets dating back quite a few years in which Trump complains about the US being in Afghanistan.When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2011Trump s announcement is already alienating much of his political base, especially supporters who wanted him to prioritize American jobs and infrastructure over globalist projects such as trade deals and foreign wars. More than that, it is unlikely to be popular with the overall US electorate, who are on the whole opposed to continuing the war. On the other hand it is no surprise that the announcement is gaining praise from neocons and lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI).Does it even need to be said that the US has had troops deployed to Afghanistan for 16 years? This might make Afghanistan one of the only truly inter-generational wars the US has fought.Met a man today who served in Afghanistan 16 yrs ago -now says his son serves there. Let that sink in as you support perpetual war  Brian J. Karem (@BrianKarem) August 22, 2017There is of course a question as to how much of this plan is coming from Trump himself as opposed to from his advisers,  deep state  handlers or other influences. As Finian Cunningham argues below, there is reason to believe that Trump has been compromised by the  deep state . Many even believe that  soft coup  has occurred and that Trump is no longer really in charge. Yet others question whether Trump had any authenticity to begin with; on the left especially some people perceive Trump to be thoroughly dishonest and merely a representative of robber-baron, capitalist  fascism .These issues are part of the larger question of Trump s authenticity, but unfortunately we can t provide those answers here. Whatever one s position on this, however, none of the possible options lets the President off the hook. In all cases, he is the man responsible, it s his name on the door, and it is his responsibility to either make good on his promises to the American people or at the very least to keep them informed. In light of his announcement on Afghanistan, neither one appears to be happening.SEE ALSO: AFGHANISTAN: Forgotten, But Not GoneMore on this from RT  US Army soldiers in Afghanistan. The country has been called the Graveyard of Empires for being notoriously hard to conquer (Photo: US Army. Source: Wikicommons)Finian Cunningham RTIf one moment stands out as the clearest signal yet of US President Trump turning his back on supporters, it was his announcement this week to re-escalate American military intervention in Afghanistan.His signature campaign promise of putting  America First  and ending the folly of overseas wars launched by previous administrations was shredded on prime time television when he gave orders for thousands of more US troops to be sent to Afghanistan. The already 16-year war in that country   America s longest   will now go on indefinitely longer.The Huffington Post headlined:  Trump s vague new Afghanistan strategy continues an endless war. Not only that, but this president is refusing to give any public information on force numbers or timescale. America s overseas wars are not just expanding under Trump; they are going secret and unaccountable.This surge in militarism is precisely what candidate Trump said he would not do when he campaigned for votes among blue-collar workers in the Rust Belt states, vowing instead to channel US economic resources to revive  forgotten  communities at home. Recall his blustering inauguration speech on January 20 when he bemoaned the  American Carnage,  at home and abroad.As the Huffington Post writes:  When Obama was still in office and overseeing a massive troop presence in Afghanistan, Trump repeatedly bashed the operation as a waste of money and called for a quick withdrawal from the country. How s that for a U-turn? This is at a time when support among Trump s voter base in the Rust Belt states has plummeted. There is weakness in the heartland, reported NBC, because workers fear Trump is reneging on past commitments to revitalize their livelihoods. Their concern is that this president is too interested in giving tax breaks to corporations and kowtowing to the Pentagon.Ironically, Donald Trump likes to portray himself as an  alpha-male  who is his own boss. It is abundantly clear now that Trump is a mere manikin who sits in the White House taking orders from his generals.When Trump ousted Stephen Bannon, his staunchest ally in the White House, it was under the orders of the military figures who are now dominant in his administration. Trump s chief of staff, former Marine General John Kelly, wanted Bannon out because of his contrarian views.When Bannon gave a surprise interview last week contradicting the militarist policy on North Korea that was the last straw. Bannon said there was no military option in solving the North Korea standoff, which flew in the face of what the Pentagon has been advising Trump, with  all options on the table.  Only days later, he was kicked out.Bannon has now returned to edit Breitbart News, the nationalistic website which has in the past served as a media booster for Trump. Following the announcement on Afghanistan, Breitbart News declared:  Trump reverses course  and blasted his speech a  flip-flop,  as reported by Politico.Bannon had been a vigorous counsel to Trump against overseas militarism and in particular about Afghanistan. He is thought to have been the primary influence behind Trump s economic nationalism of America First.It is no coincidence that Trump decided to get rid of Bannon while huddled with military generals and intelligence chiefs at Camp David last weekend. Then three days after his departure from the White House, Trump delivers his U-turn on re-escalating the military involvement in South Asia, exactly as the Pentagon top brass had been urging.With little or no policy achievements so far, Trump is emerging as a blowhard who is all too willing to toe the line to survive   even if that means stabbing his supposed allies in the back. This is a president who has a big mouth and big ego, and not much else. All the promises to his voter base are being seen to be cruel hoaxes, perpetrated by one who is always denouncing others over hoaxes.The rise of the generals in Trump s administration, alongside a weak-kneed figurehead president, should surely be cause for concern for its sinister constitutional implications. But disturbingly, the drift toward a military government in the US hardly causes a public ruffle; indeed, it is actually welcomed by prominent news media.In an editorial last weekend condemning  The Failing Trump Presidency,  the New York Times seems to be oblivious in its endorsement of military control over the White House.It states:  One measure of the despair caused by Mr. Trump s behavior is that we find ourselves strangely comforted by things that in any normal presidency would be cause for concern  Americans accustomed constitutionally and politically to civilian leadership now find themselves relying on three current and former generals   John Kelly, the new White House chief of staff; H. R. McMaster, the national security adviser; and Jim Mattis, the secretary of defense   to stop Mr. Trump from going completely off the rails. Last week, too, when the five Joint Chiefs of Staff roundly rebuked Trump over his ambiguous comments on racial violence, the US media widely saw that intervention by the Pentagon as a welcome  disciplining  of the president.It s a sobering reality-check on how the supposed radical, populist president who promised to return governing power to the ordinary citizens is now firmly in the vice of a corporate-military cabal.Look at Trump s cabinet. Apart from the three generals, Kelly, McMaster and Mattis, the other key posts are run by an ex-oil CEO, Rex Tillerson at the State Department, and former Wall Street executives, Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary, Gary Cohn as national economic adviser, and Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary.This combination of military and industrial corporatism at the executive level of government is a definition of a fascist state. Combine that with a malleable megalomaniac who is willing to betray his allies and voter base, and that makes for a dangerous cabal.Trump s readiness to go to war in Venezuela, North Korea, and Iran and to give license to the Pentagon to step up its air force slaughter in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen are all signals of how far this presidency has degenerated.But it is Trump s brazen backtracking on Afghanistan that most transparently shows his unscrupulous character and just how much the Pentagon has taken control over this presidency.Last November, the American people voted for a radical change, one that would deliver economic revival and jobs at home, while implementing more peaceful foreign relations.Today, Americans have got the opposite of what they were calling for when they elected President Trump. The implications are blatant and disconcerting. American democracy no longer exists, if it ever did. The will of the people has been subverted by the will of the military-industrial complex. Trump is but a pathetic puppet who is taking orders from the generals and his oligarchic friends in Wall Street.The so-called  exceptional nation    the one that never tires of proclaiming its lofty democratic virtues to the rest of the world   has degenerated into a military-corporatist state. Trump s betrayal is complete and stands out as one of the biggest cons in modern political history.READ MORE AFGHANISTAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Afghanistan FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE AND BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22022,"Black Politicians Increase Attacks on Ben Carson, Accuse Him of Supporting ‘White Supremacists’","Politics can be a nasty business. This latest spat proves once again, that in politics, it s not really about color, as much as it is which party you belong to. In this sense, many prominent black American Democrats consider Ben Carson to be a  traitor  to their cause.Recently, President Trump s opponents have begun to intensify their attacks on African-American Republican HUD Secretary Ben Carson. Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters has recently come out threatening Carson, and now Jumaane Williams, a Democrat and New York City Council member for the 45th District, has accused Carson of supporting  White Supremacist views . Is there any truth to these accusations, or is this a racially-motivated political witch-hunt? Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22023,Zakharova Slams CIA Chief Pompeo: Stop Making Up Anti-Russian Fiction,"21st Century Wire says With the ongoing hysteria constantly spouting from the American mainstream media about alleged  Russian meddling  in the 2016 election which saw Donald Trump elected as president of the United States, the world is still awaiting a single shred of real evidence to support the establishment s conspiracy theory. To date, none has surfaced. The intelligence community has said that this election was meddled with by the Russians in a way that frankly is not particularly original. They ve been doing this for an awfully long time, and we are decades into the Russians trying to undermine American democracy,  CIA chief Mike Pompeo told MSNBC s Hugh Hewitt in an exclusive interview that aired Saturday, June 24.Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, has made a noteworthy response to Pompeo s comments.via Russia InsiderTranslation: We could not but take note of and comment on the June 24 statement by CIA Director Mike Pompeo during his NBC interview. The statement dealt with Russia s alleged long time attempts to undermine the American democracy and meddling in the US elections. It appears that in his opinion Russia s longtime attempts to undermine the US democracy have culminated in the interference in US elections. As we know the issue of Russia s meddling in the election process has become a favorite media story and an obsession in the United States. This story has been adopted by anti-Russia propagandists. This issue continues to pick up momentum and is mentioned in statements by officials who are trying to accuse Russia of engaging in unlawful actions but who have failed to produce any evidence to date.We would like to remind them about some outstanding pages of US history. Unlike the Americans, we have real facts at our disposal, and we know what we should focus on. It is common knowledge that since the early 1990s the United States had voiced its intentions to establish a Jeffersonian democracy in Russia. But the very fact of setting such a task completely runs counter to the ideas of Thomas Jefferson, one of the founding fathers of the American nation and democracy. All of us know he called for respecting various forms of government, chosen by other nations and said the United States would not impose its will anywhere. He was mistaken. Thomas Jefferson referred to the idea of dictating the form of government to an independent country as arrogant, brutal and outrageous.It appears that the ideologists of the present-day America have very poor knowledge of their own history and the foundations of their statehood, if the concepts of  exporting democracy  and  humanitarian intervention  have become their favorite method for conducting an aggressive foreign policy as part of their national concept. For decades, dozens of countries all over the world have been suffering from US-imposed sate system formulas they are trying to equate all countries under one and the same pattern, without any consideration for what makes each of them unique. This policy and experiments cannot be called harmless. In the past few years Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Egypt, Syria and Ukraine have fallen prey to this concept. Needless to say, al-Qaeda in all its manifestations, ISIS and other radical terrorist groups of all religious denominations evolved on the fertile soil created by the Americans and in fact often were the brainchildren of these forces.Generous financial injections in the form of projects and grants through numerous foundations and NGOs is another  grey zone  through which the United States has been trying to influence political processes all over the world for many years. Russia virtually tops the list of these allocations. Various government and non-government organizations, including the Peace Corps, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the National Democratic Institute, the International Republican Institute and many other similar agencies, have been planting their agents for decades in order to penetrate the Russian political establishment and media community and to influence public opinion. According to some sources, the US has spent 5 Billion dollars for these purposes in the 1990s alone. It is very strange that, while making such statements, Mr. Pompeo forgets that many decisions stipulating the allocation of funding were approved by his own agency. It is strange that Washington forgets the fact that in the run-up to the 1996 Russian presidential election, the Federal Reserve bank delivered $500 million in cash to the US Embassy in Moscow under a far-fetched pretext of avoiding frenzied demand during the exchange of old $100 notes. Operatives from the CIA s Moscow Embassy station, headed by Michael Sulick, virtually slept on the money bags, while guarding them. Foreign-made cars delivered small batches of money from the Embassy to certain individuals.Who did the US sponsor using this money? I believe we will also learn this someday. I do not mean our assumptions, everything is clear here  Well will know the specific names, dates and so on. Here are only a few examples of diverse US activities aiming to undermine stability in various regions worldwide and in those areas that are not ready to follow American instructions. We are in no way demanding that Mr. Pompeo should stop his rhetoric because this is in the realm of fiction. One should simply understand that every action has an equal and opposite reaction. We are ready. READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22024,Episode #199 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Trigger Warning: ID Politics’ with Gilad Atzmon and Jay Dyer,"Episode #199 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Aug 20th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week we deliver another LIVE broadcast from the UK, as SUNDAY WIRE host Patrick Henningsen is joined by two incredible guests to discuss the disturbing political situation in America. In the first hour we ll be joined by artist and the brilliant and controversial best-selling author and internationally acclaimed jazz artist, Gilad Atzmon, to discuss Charlottesville and the problem of Left vs Right identity politics in the West, as well its roots in Jewish ID politics, and how society might be able overcome the downward spiral it currently finds itself in. In the second hour we re joined by author and analyst, Jay Dyer, from JaysAnalysis.com to talk about America s new culture wars and why Leftist activists are now pulling down statues across the country and how this might accelerate to more censorship and ceremonial  book burning  activities. In the final segment, we hear a thought-provoking interview with an American man who managed to turn from hating all Muslims to adopting a more open-minded, civil approach to dialogue   proving that communication is the key to conflict resolution. Our guest Gilad Atzmon s book, Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. Also guest Jay Dyer s book, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film is available now at Amazon.com.  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #199Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
22025,Five Things You Need to Know About CrowdStrike,". The Daily CallerThe Democratic Party and mainstream media have become increasingly consumed with the narrative that Donald Trump s election win is largely influenced by Russian hacking.The narrative is centered around two hacks the hack of a DNC server that led to the release of embarrassing emails during the Democratic National Convention, and the hack of John Podesta s email which led to several embarrassing moments for the Clinton campaign in October 2016. Both are supposedly the result of the Russians.The Russia story is back in the headlines once again after reports surrounding former President Barack Obama s attempts to  punish  Russia for its interference.However, there is still a cloud of doubt hanging over the DNC s Russia narrative on the breach of the DNC servers.The analysis that alleged that Russia was behind the DNC server breach was carried out not by the U.S. government, but by the private security group CrowdStrike.CrowdStrike is the sole source of this claim, with their June 2016 report,  Bears in the Midst: Intrusion into the Democratic National Committee  being the basis of the DNC s Russian hacking allegations.Here are five key points about CrowdStrike that the mainstream media is ignoring:1. Obama Appoints CrowdStrike Officer To Admin Post Two Months Before June 2016 Report On Russia Hacking DNC2. The FBI Never Looked At The DNC s Servers   Only CrowdStrike Did3. Comey Contradicted The DNC s Story On The FBI Asking To See The Server4. CrowdStrike Co-Founder Is Fellow On Russia Hawk Group, Has Connections To George Soros, Ukrainian Billionaire5. CrowdStrike Is Funded By Clinton-Loving Google $$To read more about CrowdStrike and the five things you need to know, visit The Daily CallerREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22026,Atzmon: Who Keeps Americans in the Dark?,". By Gilad AtzmonEarlier this week, senior Tablet magazine writer Yair Rosenberg pointed out in a Washington Post article that the White nationalists who gathered in Charlottesville, Virginia targeted the Jews. They (the White Nationalists) immediately went after the Jews,  Rosenberg writes. They  chanted anti-Semitic and Nazi slogans, including  blood and soil  and  Jews will not replace us    all crafted to cast Jews as foreign interlopers who need to be expunged. The attendees proudly displayed giant swastikas and wore shirts emblazoned with quotes from Adolf Hitler. One banner read,  Jews are Satan s children. This is an important and genuine observation by Rosenberg. He suggests that the white nationalists are fully aware that that they are in a battle with  the Jews.  The Jews also seem to acknowledge that they are at war with the White Nationalists and that this broad category includes the American President* who according to the Jewish press took side with the  Nazis .It seems that the American people are the only ones who are kept in the dark. They seem baffled by this spectacle of hatred that threatens to escalate into a new civil war. The Americans are told by their media that this is a race war: White vs. Black, slavery apologists vs. peace loving liberals, White Lives Matters vs. Black Lives Matter and so on. But if Rosenberg is right and this is a war between  the Jews  and the  White Nationalists,  why do the American media attempts to conceal it?If you hate racism, as you should, but also brave enough to look for an answer, you may grasp how volatile the situation is. Those who read Jewish history aren t surprised by the current developments. It has all been building for quite a while.This article was originally published at Gilad Atzmon s blogGilad Atzmon s book Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. READ MORE CHARLOTTESVILLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Charlottesville FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22027,"Ben Carson Home Vandalized with Anti-Trump Graffiti, CNN Accuses Him of Lying","21st Century Wire says The culture wars continue to ramp-up after events in Charlottesville. White House Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson reported on Wednesday that his Virginia home was  vandalized by people who also wrote hateful rhetoric about President Trump. We were out of town, but other kind, embarrassed neighbors cleaned up most of the mess before we returned,  he said.Carson issued a statement in which he noted a personal experience of an incident which took place after he and is wife previously purchased a farm in Maryland: One of the neighbors immediately put up a Confederate flag. A friend of ours who is an African-American three-star general was coming to visit and immediately turned around concluding that he was in the wrong place. Interestingly, all the other neighbors immediately put up American flags shaming the other neighbor who took down the Confederate flag. In both instances, less than kind behavior was met by people taking the high road   We could all learn from these examples. Hatred and bigotry unfortunately still exists in our country and we must all continue to fight it, but let s use the right tools. Unfortunately, Carson s comments were met with a cynical and disrespectful response from the divisive gatekeepers at CNN, who proceeded to insult the African-American Republican cabinet minister. Incredibly, CNN s  national political reporter  Maeve Reston implied he was lying, saying  that Carson s  anecdote is worth a FACT-CHECK :This Ben Carson anecdote is worth a fact-check .. https://t.co/CvJSDSkfxW  Maeve Reston (@MaeveReston) August 16, 2017Along with the criminal act of vandalism, CNN s attack on Carson also proves that the New Left in America do not accept the presence of an African-American, or  black  conservative in politics, and will seek to undermine him simply for being in  the wrong party. READ MORE CHARLOTTESVILLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Charlottesville Files SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22028,Georgia Judge Suspended for Comparing Attack on US Monuments to ISIS Actions,"21st Century Wire says In the wake of the Charlottesville m l e, reactionary  social justice  flash mobs and assorted vigilantes have begun a campaign of attacking and destroying statues and monuments all over the country. The irrational rationale of these activists is that these historic monuments represent oppression and slavery, and therefore they must marked for ceremonial destruction. Watch this scene in Durham, North Carolina this week where, bizarrely, the hysterical mob of  liberal progressive  protesters lines up to take turns kicking the inanimate bronze statue on the ground, after it was pulled down in an impromptu ceremony. This is an emotive crowd, clearly carried away by the political hysteria: Question: Should a small violent, reactionary mob be allowed bypass any sensible public discussion or forum   thereby litigating and dictating history for the rest of the community and country?So this is really happening. George Orwell was a prophet. #Durham #Confederate #Monuments #WrongThink pic.twitter.com/7seUcanqyD  Mark (@markantro) August 17, 2017In many ways, are rapidly heading towards a 1984-style thought police environment now. Viewed from a police state perspective, this contrived disorder is designed to further breakdown social cohesion in American   in effect, finishing the job which Barack Obama started in 2008. This is an invitation for the federal state to then move in with more emergency powers to  restore order . For the populace at large, less rights of expression will be the outcome. While the New Left in American appoints itself as policeman of history, its ranks seem to be more ignorant than ever of it. They fail to note Mao s purge, and other such examples in history. After Charlottesville the Culture Wars have begun.What happened to this judge in Georgia may be a taste of things to come. The culture war has arrived RT International news reports The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history,  Judge Jim Hinkle wrote on Facebook Tuesday, the same day protesters in Durham, North Carolina toppled a statue honoring Confederate soldiers.Judge Jim Hinkle suspended:  The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history."" https://t.co/xVPslLurWJ pic.twitter.com/BIQcy5bnZ8  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) August 16, 2017On Saturday, Hinkle had written that protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia were  snowflakes  with  no concept of history,  as they came to counter a rally of white nationalists who gathered to oppose the planned relocation of a statue to Confederate General Robert E. Lee. In Charlottesville everyone is upset over Robert E. Lee statue,  Hinkle s post said.  It looks like all of the snowflakes have no concept of history. It is what it is. Get over it and move on. Leave history alone   those who ignore history are deemed (sic) to repeat the mistake of the past. That post was written approximately an hour before a car crashed into a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, killing a woman and injuring 19 other people. Police have charged the driver, who reportedly took part in the white nationalist rally, with second-degree murder. I have suspended Judge Hinkle effective immediately while I consider the appropriate final action,  Gwinnett County Chief Magistrate Judge Kristina Hammer Blum told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (AJC) Tuesday.Hinkle told the AJC he didn t  see anything controversial  about the posts. But you know, with the way things are going in the world today, I guess everything s controversial,  he told the outlet Full text of Chief Judge s statement about suspending Judge James Hinkle: pic.twitter.com/WcSe2wQhFg  Tony Thomas (@TonyThomasWSB) August 15, 2017Continue this report at RTREAD MORE CULTURAL MARXISM NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cultural Marxism FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22029,Boiler Room EP #122 – Charlottesville & The History of Violent Cultural Revolution,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, Infidel Pharaoh and Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and twenty second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the aftermath of the Charlottesville protests and subsequent vehicle incident that left a woman dead. We examine the media psyops which aim to hoodwink the public into believing that there is a large force of racist neo-Nazis that consist of anyone right-of-center in the political spectrum and to tie them to President Trump. Known strategies of agitation propaganda and violent cultural revolution are analyzed and parallels are made to other events such as the Arab Spring in Egypt and the land rights movement of the Bundy Ranch.Direct Download Episode #122Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22030,"In 2017, America’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like Nazi Eugenics","21st Century Wire says Here s an unusual, but extremely thought-provoking political take on the events of last week in Charlottesville in the context of America, and western society as a whole.What you are about to read will be considered very controversial by many people. This is an uncomfortable topic which generally no one enjoys talking about. Many readers may not want to hear it. You may not want to hear it either. It s a caustic conversation for sure. You might think the author is being over-dramatic, or maybe you won t But it s a discussion which at least half of America wants to have.The publication, The Blaze, touts itself as  Christian conservative  and regularly exaggerate and politicizes its content, and frequently applies a moralistic or evangelical spin to it. For those reasons, it would be convenient for some to simply dismiss the article below because of its source. However, the fundamental comparison presented should be seriously considered and really should be discussed more in mainstream forums. In 2017, any challenging commentary regarding the topic of abortion is fiercely opposed by  progressive  gatekeepers, and women s rights activists who will often cite the 1973 US Supreme Court decision of Roe vs Wade as a cue to end any debate on the issue. This subject is also suppressed in most public and academic forums   and it s strictly off-limits in the liberal mainstream corporate media. But society cannot continually sweep this under the rug   America has to have this conversation, because it goes to the heart of the question. What kind of society do we live in ? . By Matt WalshIt was interesting timing. On Monday, CBS published an article touting Iceland s miracle cure for Down syndrome.  Iceland is on pace to virtually eliminate Down syndrome through abortion,  the headline read. Of course, it leaves out an important word. Iceland is eliminating Down syndrome people  not Down syndrome itself by killing anyone who has the condition. Many countries, including our own, have discovered an identical treatment plan.The next day, Oregon was the beneficiary of similarly sanitized headlines. The governor of Oregon signed legislation expanding reproductive health access,  the media reported. But the reports are misleading. The law actually forces all residents in the state to pay for abortions for anyone who wants them, including illegal aliens. The bill has nothing at all to do with reproduction. Its goal is precisely to stop reproduction. Or at least to prevent the products of reproduction from ever seeing the light of day.I said the reports of these atrocities are interestingly timed because they come amidst a national panic over neo-Nazism. We are right to be disgusted and horrified by the few dozen white supremacist losers who carried Tiki torches through Charlottesville on Saturday. And we are right to demand justice for the woman who was killed by a skinhead terrorist during that same rally. But we are ridiculous for acting as if these racist nerds represent some threat to our national existence. Until there is even a shred of proof to the contrary, I am going to remain confident that the vast, vast, vast majority of our citizens do not sympathize with Nazism outright. Even one neo-Nazi is too many. A whole parade of them is a travesty. But we ought not lose our grip on reality. A little perspective is all I m suggesting.Now, the reader may have noted the conspicuous qualifier in the previous paragraph. The majority of our citizens do not sympathize with Nazism outright. Many, however, sympathize with some of the primary goals and most brutal tactics of the Nazi party.  Though they may not think of it in those terms, they still celebrate the achievement of  eliminating  medical conditions by killing the babies who have it, and they applaud governments that  expand reproductive health access  by forcing helpless citizens to fund the mass extermination of human beings. They may not march through the streets waving swastikas around, but they look with indifference or approval at our own version of the Nazi death camp. Indeed, with all due respect to the skinheads who only play pretend Nazi, the spirit of the Nazi movement really lives on in the abortion industry. Planned Parenthood may not hang the Nazi flag on the doors of its clinics, but it has enough blood on its hands to impress even the most prolific concentration camp executioner.I made this point yesterday, and I was informed   even by some  conservative  folk   that it is utterly inappropriate and insensitive for me to make such comparisons, especially when a woman was just killed by a neo-Nazi. Well, I feel terribly for that woman s family and I hope for the swiftest and harshest judgment allowed under the law to be done upon her murderer. But I also feel terribly for the 17,000 or so human beings who were executed in abortion clinics since Saturday, and the 60 million who ve been exterminated since 1973. I don t think there is ever an inappropriate time to acknowledge them, particularly when so many of us have dedicated ourselves to never acknowledging them, and especially during a week when the very people who support the continued legalization and tax funding of abortion death camps are running around accusing everyone else of condoning Nazism.I m sorry, but I just cannot physically stomach a  You should be more forceful in condemning Nazism  lecture from someone who has spent the last 40 years demanding that we applaud while millions of people have their skulls crushed by abortionists. Even less can I tolerate someone who wants to protect the innocent by tearing down historical statues, but cries about human rights violations when someone vandalizes a building where actual human beings are butchered and sold for parts.I do not pretend that all of the political goals of the pro-abortion left line up completely with the political goals of Nazis in 1940 s Germany. There are some striking similarities   particularly the politicization of  public health,  the focus on environmental conservation, and the total disregard for free speech   but that is not the point. I say that abortion enthusiasts have the spirit of Nazism because that spirit is, more than anything, one of brutality, moral indifference, and absolute disregard for human life. It is a spirit that leads to mass exterminations and bloodshed on a scale that can hardly be fathomed. It is a spirit that compels a people to strive for collective perfection by killing the undesirables. Nazis exterminated the disabled, just as we do. And they killed Jews and Poles and Catholics and many other groups. Our focus is not racial cleansing but economic. We kill poor children,  unwanted  children,  defective  children; children who, we ve decided, will be more trouble than they re worth. They are a  burden on society,  we say, echoing Nazi propaganda almost verbatim.And we build facilities which we dedicate to carrying out this cleansing. The Nazi death camp was never abolished, you see. It was simply relocated and rebranded. Today we call it a  reproductive health clinic,  but what happens inside more closely resembles Auschwitz than it does your pediatrician s office.So, yes, speak out against those ridiculous bigots who ve latched onto Nazism in their desperate quest for purpose and attention. But if you want to oppose what they stand for, you need to look beyond them and towards that Planned Parenthood clinic you drive by every day on the way to work. And if those Nazi wannabes in Charlottesville intend to be the ones in our country who best emulate their Nazi role models, it must be said that they are lagging far behind, especially in terms of body counts. Right now the tally is about 60 million to one, last I checked.They have a lot of catching up to do.This article was originally published at The Blaze. To see more from Matt Walsh, visit his channel here.READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22031,Charlottesville and the Problem of Left & Right Identity Politics in America,". By Gilad AtzmonIn my recent book Being in Time   a Post Political Manifesto, I pointed out that the West and America in particular have been led into a disastrous Identity (ID) clash. This week in Virginia we saw a glimpse of it.In the book I argue that the transition from traditional Left ideology into New Left politics can be understood as the aggressive advocacy of sectarian and divisive ideologies. While the old Left made an effort to unite us all: gays, blacks, Jews or Whites into a political struggle against capital, the New Left has managed to divide us into ID sectors. We are trained to speak  as a :  as a Jew,   as a black,   as a Lesbian.  The new left has taught us to identify with our biology, with our gender, sex orientation and our skin colour, as long as it isn t  White  of course.In Being in Time, I noted that it was a question of time before White people would also decide to identify with their biology. And this is exactly what we saw in Virginia last weekend.Tragically, ID politics is a very dangerous political game. It is designed to pull people apart. It is there to introduce conflict and division. ID politics doesn t offer a harmonious vision of society as a whole. Quite the opposite, it leads to an increasingly fractured social reality. Take, for instance, the continuous evolution of the LGBT group. It is constantly expanding to include more and more sectarian sexually oriented social subgroupings (LGBTQ, LGBTQAI and even LGBTQIAP ).In the New Left social reality, we, the people are shoved into ID ghettos that are defined by our biology: skin colour, sexual orientation, the Jewish mother, etc.Instead of what we need to do: fight together against big money, the bankers, the megacorporations, we fight each other, we learn to hate each other. We even drive our cars over each other.I am opposed to all forms of ID politics, whether it is White, Black, Jewish, Gender or sex oriented. But, obviously if Jews, Gays and others are entitled to identify with their  biology , white people are entitled to do the same. I think that universalism is what we used to call it when we still cared about intellectual integrity.The problem created by ID politics is extremely grave.ID politics doesn t offer a prospect of peace and harmony. Within the context of ID politics, we cannot envisage a peaceful resolution of the current ID clash. Can anyone foresee the LGBT community embracing KKK activists into their notion of  diverse society?  The same can be said about the KKK, are they going to open their gates to cultural Marxists?ID politics equals ID clash, an irreconcilable conflict with no end, the complete destruction of American and, to a certain extent, Western civilisation.  This may explain why George Soros and his open society are invested in this battle. As long as the working people are fighting each other, no one bothers to challenge the root cause of our current dystopia, namely the banks, global capitalism, wall street, Mammonism and so on.The remedy is clear. America and the West must, at once, break away from all forms of ID politics. Instead of celebrating that which separates us, we must seek what unites and makes us into one people.  I am advocating a radical spiritual, ideological and metaphysical transition. Whether or not we like to admit it, these moments of unity are often invoked by waves of patriotism, nationalism and religious figures. But they could also be inspired by the spirit of justice, equality compassion and love.  Neither the New Left or the Alt Right offers any of the above. They are equally invested in Identitarian ideologies. The electoral success of Trump, Corbyn and even Sanders or Le Pen points at a general human fatigue.  Readiness for change is in the air.This article was originally published at Gilad Atzmon s blog(An excerpt from Being in Time   a Post Political Manifesto  pg. 49) The Identitarian Shift & the Primacy of the Symptom  ID politics manifests itself as a set of group identification strategies. It subdues the  I  in favour of symbolic identifiers: the ring on the appropriate ear, the nose stud, the type of skullcap, the colour of the scarf and so on.Within the ID political cosmos, newly emerging  tribes  (gays, lesbians, Jews, Blacks, Whites,vegans, etc.) are marched into the desert, led towards an appealing  promised land , where the primacy of the symptom (gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, skin colour etc.) is supposed to evolve into a world in itself. But this liberal utopia is in practice a sectarian and segregated amalgam of ghettos that are blind to each other. It has nothing in common with the promised universal, inclusive cosmos. The personal is political,  as the common feminists and liberal preachers have disseminated since the 1960s, is a phrase designed to disguise the obvious; the personal is actually the antithesis of the political. It is, in fact, the disparity between the personal and the political that makes humanism into an evolving exchange known as history. Within the Identitarian discourse, the so-called  personal  replaces true and genuine individualism with phony group identification   it suppresses all sense of authenticity, rootedness and belonging, in favour of a symbolism and imaginary collectivism that is supported by rituals and empty soundbites.Why are we willing to subject ourselves to politics based on biology, and who wrote this new theology found in pamphlets and in the growing numbers of ID Studies textbooks? Is there a contemporaneous God? And who created the  pillar of cloud  we are all to follow?It is clear that elements within the New Left, together with Jewish progressives and liberal intelligentsia, have been at the heart of the formation of the ideological foundation of ID politics. At least traditionally, both Jewish liberals and the Left were associated with opposition to any form of exclusive political agenda based on biology or ethnicity. Yet, one may wonder why does the New Left espouse such an exclusivist, sectarian and biologically driven agenda?Gilad Atzmon s book Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22032,Lavrov to Trump: ‘Do Not Attack Venezuela’,"21st Century Wire says Last Friday, President Donald Trump appears to have temporarily lost his mind by suggesting that the US may act militarily against Venezuela. The rationale (or irrationale) seems to be that (US-backed) protests against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro are destabilizing the country and therefore, the US must intervene if Maduro does not  go . It was shades of the last 7 years of US and western anti-Syrian  regime change  rhetoric. Washington will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,  he said.Vice President Mike Pence is on a four-nation Latin American tour, where he expressed his concern that Venezuela will trigger regional instability in South America.Meanwhile, other Latin America countries have now rallied around Venezuela after Trump s off-handed comments. This has been somewhat of an own goal by Trump who seems to have now united Latin America in support of Venezuela   and against the United States.Venezuela foreign minister, Jorge Arreaza, urged Venezuelans to resist America s  insolent foreign aggression . The reckless threats of President Donald Trump aim to drag  Latin America and the Caribbean into a conflict which would permanently alter the stability, the peace and the security of our region,  said Arreaza.To compound Washington s problems on the issue, Russia has now also weighed in The DuranSergey Lavrov, the Russian Foreign Minister was speaking with his Bolivian counterpart when the issue of Venezuela arose. Bolivia is one of Venezuela s closest regional allies along with Cuba.Sergey Lavrov responded to threats made by Donald Trump against Caracas when the US President threatened the use of military action against the oil rich South American country. Venezuela has called Trump s threats  crazy  and a threat to the sovereignty of the country.Today, Lavrov stated: We are united in the need to overcome the existing disagreements in the country by peaceful means through a nationwide dialogue as soon as possible, without any external pressure, not to mention the unacceptability of the threats of military intervention in the internal affairs of this country .Recently Mercosur, a bloc of nations covering the majority of South America condemned any attempts by the US to stage a war against Venezuela. This included countries who themselves have disagreements with Caracas. Today, Lavrov cited this as an example of widespread opposition to any war on Venezuela.READ MORE: South America opposes Trump s military threat against VenezuelaThis is Russia s strongest condemnation of the threat of war against Venezuela to-date.READ MORE VENEZUELA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22033,INTERVIEW: Did the ‘Alt Right’ Die in Charlottesville?,"The events in Charlottesville have shaken the American political scene.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to Sputnik Radio about the tragic incident which took place this past weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia.Was the car incident really a  terrorist attack  as it s been portrayed in numerous leftist media outlets? That assessment seems very premature based on available forensics, and prior to a real police investigation and criminal trial. Are violent radical leftist  Antifa  flash mob protesters also culpable for the street chaos   and the casualties that ensued? Are the city and state police also responsible for allowing violent clashes to take place? On the question of Trump and the Alt Right, Henningsen said the while it s senseless to blame the President for the events of the weekend, it s possible that,  the Alt Right may have died in Charlottesville,  and may be unable to overcome the stigma of now being associated with NeoNazis, David Duke, and a dead protestor. This also relates to the current hysterical Left vs. Right hyper-partisan media environment in America which is crippling the national conversation. The program also discusses the difficulties faced by a radical internet-based political subculture when interfacing with real world people and politics.All this and more in this radio interview:. READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22034,North Korea: Will World War III Kick Off This Week?,"by Neil Clark for RTOf course, in State Department-friendly Western media, it s North Korea and its leadership who are routinely portrayed as the nut jobs. But you don t have to carry a torch for the North Korean government or be a card-carrying member of the Kim Jong-un Appreciation Society to acknowledge that the country s leadership has actually been behaving very rationally. Because recent history tells us that the best way to deter an attack from the US and its allies is not to disarm, dress up as John Lennon and make statements about how much you desire peace, but to do the exact opposite.The crisis on the Korean Peninsula is due to the actions of a rogue state ruled by madmen with nukes. This rogue state is of course the USA. https://t.co/A0JynTPlSy  John Wight (@JohnWight1) August 11, 2017Consider what happened to Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya. Like the DPRK, all three were US  target states . And all three were destroyed and their leaders killed. Do we honestly think these countries would have been attacked had they possessed nukes or missiles that could reach US targets? Of course not.  Detailed analysis of these conflicts shows us that the Empire gets its way through a mixture of bluff followed by the use of military force, but only when it believes the risks are minimal, or non-existent. If it believes the risks are too high, it backs off and starts talking about the need for  dialogue  and  diplomacy .To understand how the global hegemon acts in the international arena we don t need to study huge academic textbooks, only remember what happens in the school playground.In 1999, Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic not only lacked ICBMs, but strong international allies who were prepared to stand by his country in its hour of need. Even though the Russian military were champing at the bit to help their historical Slavic allies in Belgrade, Yeltsin and the ruling elite in Russia were purportedly given financial inducements to stay out. Whether or not that is true, a new IMF loan was conveniently agreed just a week after NATO began its illegal aerial bombing campaign.The US only expected military action to last a few days before  Slobo  would cave in and accept the Western military alliance s right to occupy mineral-rich Kosovo and have free unhindered access over the whole of Yugoslavia. I don t see this as a long-term operation. I think this is something that is achievable within a relatively short space of time, boasted Secretary of State Madeline Albright.But Slobo and the stoical Serbs did not cave in. As the bombing campaign continued, splits began to emerge in NATO between the hawks, comprised of the US and Britain, and the countries from continental Europe who favored dialogue with Belgrade.On April 15, 1999, the Guardian reported that American officials rejected a six-point German peace plan which included a 24-hour bombing pause, a United Nations peacekeeping force and civilian monitors. It went on to note how British Prime Minister Tony Blair also gave the plan a polite cold shoulder. NATO atrocities, such as the killing of 16 civilians in the bombing of Serbian State Television   a clear war crime   and the bombing of a passenger train and a convoy of Kosovan Albanians, were beginning to turn public opinion against the  humanitarian  operation. With the war not going to plan, it was time once again for the US to make threats. To increase the pressure on Milosevic- the Yugoslav President was indicted as a war criminal, a process I described here.In addition, hints were made that NATO was planning a ground invasion. President Clinton declared on 18th May 1999 that he would not take any option off the table. Victor Chernomyrdin, Yeltsin s envoy, flew to Belgrade to persuade Milosevic to accept NATO s terms   or face an escalation of the war.But would there really have been boots on the ground or was it one big bluff? Evidence suggests the latter. NATO s supreme commander Wesley Clark revealed in his memoirs that the Alliance s top political leaders had reached no consensus over sending in ground troops. And would NATO have gotten away with intensifying its air campaign? Clark also admitted that by mid-May, NATO had gone about as far as possible with the air strikes. I m sure that seven years later, as he lay in his prison cell a sick man, denied the proper medical treatment which his heart condition required, Milosevic regretted not saying  nyet  to Chernomyrdin in 1999 and calling Washington s bluff.Four years later it was the turn of oil-rich Iraq to be attacked.Saddam Hussein and his Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz repeatedly told the world s media that their country possessed no WMDs.They were accused of lying by western neocons, but the endless war lobby knew the Iraqi leadership was telling the truth. Saddam s country was attacked not because it possessed weapons of mass destruction, but because it didn t. With its air defenses severely weakened after years of Allied bombing, and its own air force decimated in the first Gulf War, Iraq was a sitting duck.  Bush and Blair lied about the country being a threat  and 1m Iraqis eventually died.Over in oil-rich Libya, Muammar Gaddafi drew absolutely the wrong conclusions about what had happened to Iraq. Eagerly seeking the end of US sanctions on his country, he foolishly agreed in December 2003 to eliminate his WMDs program. He should have reacted to  Shock and Awe  by building up his arsenal, but instead, falling for the silver-tongued promises of Western leaders who were going to end his country s isolation, he did the opposite.George W. Bush hailed his decision as a wise and sensible choice. Tony Blair, for his part, said: This courageous decision by Colonel Gaddafi is an historic one. I applaud it. It will make the region and the world more secure. But of course, it didn t. It only paved the way for the destruction of Gaddafi s country by the same countries whose leaders had hailed him as  wise  and  sensible  a few years earlier.Again, I m sure that eight years later, as Gaddafi lay in his underground hideout, trying to escape capture from US-backed  rebels (who eventually killed him in the most brutal way imaginable), he bitterly regretted his decision to disarm.Which brings us back to North Korea.It s clear that Kim Jong-un has seen what happened to Milosevic, Saddam and Gaddafi and the devastation wreaked on their countries and acted accordingly. North Korea s strategy is clearly based on the belief, borne out by events described above, that the US is a bully which only attacks the weak. Thus, saber-rattling and generally playing a  high line  is the best way to avoid attack. We must remember too that North Korea lost around 1m people in the Korean War 1950-53, many from an intensive US bombing campaign.#bbcpm discussing Trump's constitutional authority to attack N. Korea. International law, of course, is not even mentioned.  David Traynier   (@DTraynier) August 11, 2017 We  need nukes to defend ourselves from attack, but it is deemed totally outrageous if countries in the global south, which  we  threaten on a routine basis, seek to acquire such weapons for the same reason.To deter a US attack, North Korea, or indeed any other country in the line of fire, has to convince the serial warmongers in Washington that the cost of launching such an assault would be too high. Being  nice  and singing  Give Peace a Chance  won t cut the mustard. Remember that John Lennon, who wrote and sang that song, lost his life from a gunshot.While Saddam implored the West,  Believe me, I have no WMDs,  Kim Jong-un has done the exact opposite and talked up his country s capabilities. However, Kim knows that words alone are not enough; he also needs to demonstrate that North Korean projectiles can be a threat to the US. Hence the announcement on Wednesday that it was  carefully considering  a plan to fire four missiles into the sea off the island of Guam, home to two US bases.https://twitter.com/PaddyBriggs/status/895547451381346305Of course, Pyongyang s strategy is high risk, especially with such a volatile individual as Donald Trump   who seems desperate to earn neocon approval to avoid a possible impeachment   in The White House.Recent history though suggests that North Korea, by keeping its fists clenched and continuing to indulge in missile  willy-waving  is doing absolutely the right thing. The big lesson of the last thirty years is surely that deterrence works. If you re a  target state  and can t deter the warmongers in Washington, you re in grave danger. Just ask the ghosts of Slobodan Milosevic, Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi.***Follow Neil Clark @NeilClark66READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22035,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘The War on Democracy’ (2007),"21st Century Wire says Each week, 21WIRE will curate a series of informative documentary films designed to educate and enlighten our readers about many of the key issues facing people worldwide. The War on Democracy  is one of award-winning Australian filmmaker John Pilger s most intimate film creations. In this film, Pilger takes an inside look at the Hugo Chavez epoch in Venezuela, the CIA coups and fascist takeover in Chile, as well as the American derailment of El Salvador, Guatemala and Bolivia. Pilger also traces the modern origins of the  death squad . The film delicately chronicles the issues facing the people of South America before, during and after the brutal CIA years.Watch this powerful documentary production:Run time: 1:34:00 Directors: John Pilger, Christopher Martin Producers: Christopher Martin, Wayne Young Editor: Joe Frost United Kingdom/ Australia (2007)SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22036,"Charlottesville: Far Left vs Far Right Clashes, With One Person Dead","21st Century WireYesterday, violence broke out in Charlottesville, Virginia, when far-left direct action  group Antifa organized a flash mob to disrupt another demonstration organized by Unite the Right. At least one person was killed and many others injured after a car hit a crowd of anti-fascist protesters in an alley way off a the high street.Controversial right-wing coalition Unite the Right gathered on Saturday to protest to the planned removal of a statue of the Civil War Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a local park. They were met by hundreds of  counter-protesters  from extremist left-wing Antifa  antifascist  group who descended on the event. State riot police reinforcements and the Virginia National Guard were called into to quell any unrest, although it s clear they had no control over crowds   and numerous reports indicate that police actually stood down and allowed violence to take place. As police began to disperse protesters, hundreds of Antifa agitators were then funneled into the surrounding streets. This led to a three car, rear end pile-up in which the third and last car apparently struck a number of pedestrians, said to be Antifa protesters, leaving at least 1 dead and many more injured.Police have arrested the alleged driver of the third vehicle, 20 yr-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Maumee, Ohio. He is charged with second-degree murder for the alleged intentional running-over of street demonstrators and also failure to stop after being involved in a collision. It is not yet exactly clear whether or not the driver s actions were politically motivated.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke with RT International giving live commentary as the story broke  SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22037,"Trump Isn’t Going to Invade Venezuela, But What US is Planning Could Be Much Worse","Andrew Korybko The DuranTrump was more aggressive than usual yesterday when he said that he s not ruling out a  military option  in Venezuela, and the international media went haywire speculating that the President was considering an invasion. Nothing justifies what Trump said, but taking aside all moral considerations, his statement shouldn t have been surprising, and interestingly enough, it might even backfire on him.All US Presidents routinely restate the rhetoric that  all options are on the table  when dealing with the crises that their country provoked abroad, which in this case is the Hybrid War on Venezuela that seeks to attain proxy control over the world s largest oil reserves in the Orinoco River Belt and smash the socialist-multipolar ALBA grouping.Venezuela s preexisting socio-political vulnerabilities and institutional weaknesses were exploited by the US  economic machinations against the country in order to trigger a Color Revolution against the government. When that failed, the regime change movement transformed into an urban insurgency and recently expanded its operations by staging a terrorist attack against a military base in the central part of the country.It s very likely that the situation will devolve into an externally triggered  civil war  with the eventual intent of sparking a military coup attempt against President Maduro, but the odds of the US directly intervening in this scenario are slim. Rather, Trump s threatened  military option  probably relates to the  Lead From Behind  role that the US is slated to play in using Colombia as its regional partner for funneling weapons and other forms of assistance to the  moderate rebels  in Venezuela just as it used Turkey to do vis-a-vis Syria for the past six years. Additionally, it can be confidently assumed that the CIA is hard at work trying to engineer its desired military coup, though the chances of its success are unlikely unless the Hybrid War becomes a full-fledged externally triggered  civil war  like in Syria. These two interconnected reasons explain what Trump meant by refusing to rule out a  military option , though there s admittedly the extreme case that can t be discounted whereby a  humanitarian intervention  of varying scale is unleashed in the final stages of the crisis in order to decisively topple the government at its weakest moment.No matter what the US ultimately does or doesn t do, however, Trump s braggadocious statement might actually backfire on him by increasing President Maduro s appeal among the on-the-fence members of the so-called  opposition . It s one thing to detest an elected leader and hope for his downfall, but it s another to actively support the foreign invasion of one s country by the hemisphere s traditional hegemon, especially given the US  bloody history of military activity in the Americas across the past century.Trump s comments therefore put the US  regime change proxies in a bind because they re now caught in a dilemma between supporting what the world at large perceives to be a threat to invade their country or to support its legitimate leader whom they ve been rioting against for months already. The average anti-government supporter can be presumed to be equally against Maduro, a speculated US invasion of their country, and the  opposition s  riots, wanting only to hold snap elections in the hope of peacefully carrying out regime change.They ve been backing the  opposition  up until this point, however, because they saw them as the  least-bad  option available, but Trump s implied military threat essentially exposes them in acting as the tip of the spear in a possible invasion, seeing as how the chaotic  civil war  conditions in which the US could conventionally intervene in Venezuela would be due to their intensified Hybrid War actions.This fact should rightly give pause to self-identifying  patriotic opposition  members and prompt them to reconsider their  least-bad  normative assessment that they previously gave to the  opposition . If they engage in some serious self-reflection, they ll see that it s actually President Maduro who s the  least bad  of the two, and that the best way to achieve their objective of regime change is to begrudgingly wait until the next democratic vote is scheduled to be held.Continuing to throw one s weight behind the  opposition  at this point is tantamount to openly supporting the steps that are needed to create the conditions for Trump s media-hyped  military options  against their country, up to and including a  humanitarian intervention . It s not known what proportion of the  opposition  satisfies the  patriotic  criteria that these points would apply to, but if their numbers are large enough, then their passive  defection  from the anti-government movement s ranks in response to Trump s threat could deal a blow to the regime change effort.On the other hand, and approaching the subject from a cynical angle as the  devil s advocate , it might not tangibly change much at all if the US already has its mind dead-set on escalating the Hybrid War on Venezuela to a Syrian-like level, though it would nevertheless represent an important moral victory for the legitimate government by further exposing the  opposition s  treasonous connivance with the US.In any case, regardless of what Trump really meant in his  military options  comment and despite whatever the  patriotic opposition  members decide to do, all indications suggest that Venezuela is at a fateful turning point and that the coming weeks will decide its future for what might end up being the years to come.*** Author and geopolitical analyst Andrew Korybko and contributor to 21st Century Wire. He studied international relations at the Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO), and is as a member of the expert council for the Institute of Strategic Studies and Predictions at the People s Friendship University of Russia. He also works as a current affairs writer for Sputnik News and is host of  Trend Storm  on Sputnik Radio. His book,  Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change , extensively analyzes the situations in Syria and Ukraine and claims to prove that they represent a new model of strategic warfare being waged by the US.DISCLAIMER: The author writes for this publication in a private capacity which is unrepresentative of anyone or any organization except for his own personal views. Nothing written by the author should ever be conflated with the editorial views or official positions of any other media outlet or institution.READ MORE VENEZUELA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22038,"Boiler Room – #UniteTheRight Coverage with Hesher, Andy Nowicki, Patrick Henningsen, FunkS0ul & Randy J","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR host Hesher and along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) reporting LIVE from the #UniteTheRight rally in VA, Patrick Henningsen of 21st Century Wire and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for this special broadcast of BOILER ROOM.Today on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is having an emergency meeting to cover Andy Nowicki s experience at the Unite The Right rally in VA. Hesher, FunkSoul, Randy J and Patrick Henningsen were also covering the live updates of the news scene at the very same rally, where several cars were involved in a hit and run style event that ended with multiple injuries and fatalities reported.Direct Download Episode #121Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22039,Google is the Engine of Censorship,"21st Century Wire says Late last year, search engine giant Google announced its plans to protect users from the horrors of  fake news  by changing the way it presents search results. According to corporate officials, they hope to shelter  readers by limiting access to what the company deems as  low-quality  information   while promoting what it calls  established  mainstream sources. Critics believe that the company, which now has a virtual monopoly on internet traffic, is now playing god over the info-sphere. While its known that Eric Schmidt, the head of Google s parent company, Alphabet Inc, is regular attendee at the annual secretive Bilderberg meeting which charters the globalist agenda, not much is known about new Google CEO Sundar Pichai and what his personal ideology is, or whether he personally believes that Google s role is to control what the public think about any given issue by fixing the search results on the world s number one search engine. Judging by the culture of conformity at Google, it s not likely that Pichai would be allowed to express any dissenting views if he had them.As 21WIRE pointed out last week regarding the controversy over the recent Google Memo and the firm dismissing employees who are seen to divert from the company s prescribed group think, this same repressive political culture at Google is reflected in its broad new automated censorship program administered by algorithms on its Google search engine   a bold move which effectively disappears political views and articles it does not like, and wishes to bury.Watch this segment from RT America, with guest Andre Damon, editor of the World Socialist Web Site, to explain why he believes his site and other alternative sources are being unfairly targeted in Google s new reordering of visible information through its portal. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22040,Trump Thanks Putin for Slashing US Embassy Staff: ‘It Cut Our Payroll’,"21st Century Wire says Speaking to reporters from his summer golf retreat in New Jersey, President Donald Trump publicly thanked Russian leader Vladimir Putin for previously ordering the US to slash its embassy staff in Moscow and close two of its storage facilities there. Much to the chagrin of the adversarial media, Trump crowed, that Putin has helped him achieve a  smaller payroll. Last month 21WIRE reported how Russia ordered Washington to remove 755 its 1,200 US embassy staff in Moscow as part of a retaliatory diplomatic tit-for-tat after the US leveled another round of sanctions against Russia. I want to thank him because we re trying to cut down our payroll and as far as I m concerned I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people,  said Trump.Meanwhile, it emerged this week that FBI special counsel Robert Mueller ordered a pre-dawn raid on former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, seizing personal documents and equipment.Trump told reporters,  They do that very seldom. I was surprised to see it,  and  I thought it was a very strong signal. Sympathising with Manafort s situation, he added that the raid was a  pretty tough stuff. Trump also went on to comment on the North Korea situation and defensed his previous comments against the regime in Pyongyang.Watch the full press conference here: . READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22041,Boiler Room EP #121 – Google vs The Red Pill & The Great Witch Hunt,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and (Virtual) Spore along side Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and twenty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing a future dystopia full of sex robots that come complete with  shy  mode artificial intelligence aspects, Daniel Spaulding joins for an update on American swamp politics and to scoff away the  North Korea is a nuclear threat  propaganda. FunkSoul and Andy Nowicki bring their brands of analysis to the James Damore story and more.Direct Download Episode #121Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22042,Revealed: Loretta Lynch Given Talking Points for Secret Clinton ‘Tarmac Meeting’,"21st Century Wire says Clearly, below the surface of current events, the 2016 election process is still ongoing, and a partisan war is going on for control of the White House. This latest news could very well be used as a bargaining chip by Trump s faction behind the scenes.Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch claims her secret meeting with Bill Clinton was about  golf and grand kids. It seems like this was simply part of her prepared talking points, which would indicate that Lynch was lying to the public about the true nature of that crucial conversation ABC15 PhoenixPHOENIX   Newly released documents reveal former Attorney General Loretta Lynch was prepared for questions about the now-infamous tarmac meeting at Sky Harbor International Airport with former President Bill Clinton.The private meeting happened in Phoenix on the evening of June 27, 2016, a matter of hours before the Obama Department of Justice decision on whether then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had revealed classified information when using a private email account while secretary of state.ABC15 s Christopher Sign broke the story of the tarmac meeting two days later, prompting a chain of events that would include an unprecedented news conference by then-FBI Director James Comey.Documents reveal Department of Justice staffers were given a  heads-up  that ABC15 had learned about the meeting, and assisted the Attorney General on how to address any potential questions from reporters Large portions of the hundreds of emails have been redacted, but what remains gives rare insight into the crisis-mode reaction by the DOJ. At least ten high-level staffers were involved in an e-mail chain discussing how to handle the situation, crafting talking points for the Attorney General Continue this exclusive story at ABC15READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22043,Confirmed: FBI Raids Home of Former Trump Manager Paul Manafort,"21st Century Wire says It s been confirmed that the FBI did conduct a predawn raid of the home of former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, in early hours of July 26th   without prior warning.FBI agents working with special counsel Robert Mueller executed a search warrant and seized  various records  and equipment from Manafort s Virginia residency.Manafort s spokesman, Jason Maloni, told The Guardian:  FBI agents executed a search warrant at one of Mr Manafort s residences. Mr Manafort has consistently cooperated with law enforcement and other serious inquiries and did so on this occasion as well. This is a criminal investigation,  said former Superior Court Judge and FOX News legal analyst Andrew Napolitano.The move by FBI suggests that the probe is extending outward, in the agency s effort to try and tie President Trump to the Russia investigation.WATCH:FBI Raids Manafort Home Its Confirmed   This is a Criminal Investigation https://t.co/FHOqSB139I  Judge Napolitano (@Judgenap) August 9, 2017READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
